Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John. And good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are doing well. After all, we're still managing through a pandemic and still nowhere close to what any of us would call life as normal. This is certainly true from a business perspective as well. Therefore, we remain focused on keeping our employees safe and aiding our communities is more important than ever. We also continue to supply the world with food. But as we and all companies have discussed previously, this has gotten extremely challenging. Importantly, we remain on our strategy, deploy for balanced growth, which is depicted on Slide number 6.  This strategy continues to keep us on our path for steady, balanced financial returns for shareowners. We also continue to make progress on Better Days, our ESG-oriented program. A few Better Days highlights from quarter 3 are shared on Slide number 7. This remains a critical element of our strategy. A clear focus of management, and a part of the DNA of Kellogg Company. And we have not lost sight of this during the current pandemic and business environment. And there is no question that today's business environment is as challenging as we've ever seen it.  Our organization has risen to all of these challenges using creativity, skills, and work ethic to manage through them. Slide number 8, attempts to categorize these challenges into 3 basic buckets. First, we're all familiar with the surges and market prices for commodities, packaging, and freight, all the result of supply demand and balances that may take some time to work out. We're working hard to mitigate the margin impact s of these high costs.  From our active hedging program, which has given a strong visibility into our commodity costs, to mitigating cost pressures with productivity initiatives and revenue growth management actions. Second, by now, we're also all aware of the economy-wide bottlenecks and shortages, that are not only pushing costs higher, but are also making it very difficult to supply the market. Here's where our supply chains-controlled power approach has provided us agility and addressing shortages, and gaps, and materials, equipment, and land and ocean freight.  We've also taken actions to reduce complexity in our portfolio and operations. And 3rd, we are seeing acute shortages in labor across all spectrum of the economy. This is resulting in absenteeism, high turnover, difficulty in attaining temporary labor, and for some of us, even labor strikes. To address this, we've had to recruit continuously, and we've executed contingency plans to sustain as much supply as possible in the face of open positions and work stoppages. Simply put, we are taking important actions to manage through today's unprecedented environment. And through it all, we're executing well in market and delivering balanced financial growth, which continued in quarter 3 and as discussed on Slide number 9. Consumption growth remains elevated, as measured on a 2-year compound annual growth basis, even if it continues to decelerate as expected. We're seeing particularly strong consumption growth and share performance, in many of our biggest world-class brands.  We continue to sustain strong momentum in our emerging markets. This momentum has been evident for the past few years, and reflects our improved geographic footprint, the strength of our portfolio, our efforts to broaden our offerings into affordable price points, and our local route-to-market and supply chains. From a financial standpoint, these factors led to continued balanced growth. Strong organic net sales growth.  Strong operating profit growth. Strong earnings per share growth. And cash flow that remains well above pre -COVID 2019 levels. So, in spite of all the operating challenges, we continue to deliver. and today we are even raising our full-year guidance for net sales to reflect momentum in the business. At the same time, we're also reaffirming our guidance for operating profit, earnings per share and cash flow despite a worsened cost and labor and supply environment. I'm sure you can appreciate that even holding guidance amidst these kinds of challenges speaks to the kind of dependability we strive for, regardless of business conditions. Let me now turn it over to Amit so we can take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. We have seen terrific growth in all of those international markets driven by increases in penetration and increases in buy rate. And so obviously those two things are important. They work in concert together and we've seen the business stick even as mobility has increased. And so, what we've always said is, we're looking at 2019 as a comparison, and obviously is still very relevant.  The U.S. continues to open up slowly and we're hanging onto those buy rates, especially in the U.S. And so, we anticipate, even as the U.S. continues to open up, what we've talked about is the lasting impact is something we're confident in. And as we've said, time and again, our goal all along was to exit the pandemic stronger than when we went in. And we're more confident than ever that that's happening. That's absolutely happening.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Steve. So, as you pointed out, the environment is challenging for all of us, there is no question about that. Our fill rates and our customer service levels are not where we want them to be. And we're not alone in that either, but we hold ourselves to a very high standard and we aim to get better and better. And so, let me point out a couple of things around your question. We have one particular area that is more challenging than others, and that's our Cereal business.  And that's obviously been compounded because of the strike that we're going through right now. But outside of that, which is 20% of our global business, outside of that, we're in the same boat as everybody else and you can see based on the type of performance outside of cereal in the U.S., we have posted some very, very strong gains, so we don't believe there's going to be anything structural to our disadvantage as we continue to make our way through the pandemic, through the supply grid lock into a more normalized environment.  And we've got mitigation plans based on where we are with our current cereal plants in the U.S. as well. So, by no means are we complacent. We've got big challenges in front of us, but we're quite confident that we're not going to be at a long term or any kind of permanent disadvantage. This is a transitory event and we'll work our way through it.
Steven Cahillane: And really Steve, based on supply, we're not, we're not going to advertise and promote heavy areas that are severely constrains at the moment.
Steven Cahillane: Hi Pamela, so I'll start and Amit can pick up. So, what we've said is, we're taking a reasonable approach to what we think will happen with the labor strike, and that's in our guidance. Our top-line, obviously, continues with great momentum. But you heard what we said about the other three elements coming in perhaps more towards the lower end of the guidance. So, let me talk about what our thinking behind the strike and what I can share with you. We are in the process of negotiating right now.  And so out of respect to that process, I'm not going to get into a lot of detail which I am sure you can appreciate. But we have always treated our employees with respect and fairness, and that includes industry-leading compensation and benefits. The offer that we have in front of the unit right now is increased compensation on top of that already industry-leading compensation and benefits, and we're not asking to take anything away, despite what you may have heard publicly. So, we think a fair resolution should be in the offing.  We think that this type of offer is fair, reasonable, and again, increases on top of the industry-leading compensation already. So, this would allow our employees to get back to work. We want them back to work. I think they want to be back to work. But because these negotiations are ongoing, we can't go into much more detail than that, but I think -- we're hoping that we'll come to a reasonable conclusion. And that's what we're working towards.
Steven Cahillane: And Pamela, on the pricing which you asked about we're not going to comment on forward-looking pricing for obvious reasons. But I think if you look at where we are with price mix and you look at what we've been able to accomplish, that would be our goal going into the future. So obviously the very cost, it's a very inflationary environment driving up costs. Our first line of defense is always productivity. And as we plan out 2022, we'll plan for the same levels of productivity or greater, and then look to the revenue growth management that we've successfully employed in order to protect our margins into next year.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Ken, I appreciate the question, but I think you can appreciate, based on the sensitivity of where we are, and the fact that we're in negotiations, we're not going to be able to quantify any of that. We've taken what we think is a very reasonable view of getting to an agreement. We've also taken into account the contingency plans that we have in effect. We knew -- we've been talking for a year now, because we had a year extension, we knew the contract was expiring on October 5th, so we took all sorts of measures to prepare ourselves, including building inventory.  Building inventory was a little bit challenge because of the fire in Memphis, but we also have deployed our white-collar workers, we've deployed outside labor to keep the plants running, to get the plants running, they're gaining productivity each and every day. We've also leveraged our global supply chain network for cereal to also mitigate. And so, we're working very, very hard on two fronts to mitigate the effects of the strike. On the one hand, and we're doing that successfully and getting better every day.  But also, to get our workers back to work. We want them to get their paychecks, we want them to enjoy their healthcare. We truly want them back to work and we think we've got a very, very good proposal. Again, with increases on top of already industry-leading compensation. So, I think reasonable heads should prevail, based on all that. And that's the view that we're taking. We want to get to a negotiated settlement, get back to work, and we think we've given the best guidance that we can based on all those different factors.
Steven Cahillane: And Nick, it's a really interesting question that you raised strategically, and I think for everybody, the pandemic has brought all sorts of different consequences, right? And it's almost an old joke by now, there's no pandemic playbook, but we've all had different challenges, some very common and some unique. Unique to us to obviously is a fire that we talked about, the strike that we're dealing with right now. So, there's clearly some uniqueness. But I think one thing that we are definitely looking towards is how we continue to grow. Because despite this, we've had lots of I wouldn't call it pockets, we've got real growth happening in most of our business that is very resilient, robust, and sustainable. But the future of work is clearly going to change and our capital plans over the next couple of years will reflect that. When I say the future of work, the obvious -- what happens in office environments, where work gets done, how work gets done, but then also, from a capacity standpoint, and how factories run, and where work gets done there, where product gets made to allow ourselves even more resiliency going forward is clearly something that is on the cards for us.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks. Laurent, I'll start and then Amit can fill in as well. From a U.S. shipment standpoint, I would say shipments are lagging consumption probably mid-single digits is probably a reasonable assumption there. I'd say inventory levels across the whole landscape are low, obviously. It's been well-documented in all the supply chain challenges and disruptions and so forth. In terms of Europe, I mean Europe team continues to deliver at a very high level. And if you look at the UK and Russia performance, we highlighted that and if you look at across Pringles and Cereal and the Wholesome Snacks has bounced back, as we said as well. And so, it's really just high levels of execution, lapping a very strong performance last year and continued demand creation activities that have been very, very successful in terms of the disruptions, there clearly are disruptions.  They're not quite as acute as they are in the U.S., but they are real. There's friction also that has to do with Brexit. When you think about supply chain that is on Continental Europe, as well as the UK. We're working our way through that. You're seeing good results despite that. But the same issues around freight and truck drivers exist in the UK and in Continental Europe, but particularly the UK as they do in the U.S. as well.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Rob, I appreciate the question, but we do not talk about forward pricing for a number of reasons. But again, if you look backwards and you see what we've done, we've been successful at driving pricing. The good news is elasticities have performed very well. They've been lower than historically. That was our expectation.  And I think a lot of expectations based on just the totality of the inflationary environment. And as we look to 2022, as we said, we'll deploy productivity, we'll deploy revenue growth management. And we'll look to be competitive in market and to create value and to provide for a plan that delivers balanced financial growth going forward.
Steven Cahillane: Yeah, Rob, I think it does come back to positive next year. The lap is really what's occurring right now. And if you go back to see what happened 2 years ago. There was an enormous excitement around the new entrants. Lots of new distribution being built. Lots of doors, frozen doors, refrigerated doors being added. And so, we always anticipated, as we said, that the hurdle of that would be difficult. But when you look to consumer behavior, when you look to the consumer research we have, there's still a lot of enthusiasm and excitement around plant-based. And so, we think going into next year, you start to see healthier growth rates on a year-over-year basis because of those comps.
Steven Cahillane: Yes, thanks, Ken. So, we're very excited about the Pringles momentum obviously. It's a great brand, it's highly differentiated. It handles innovation extremely well. It carries flavor, like no other snack. And so, we see continued growth in the markets where we are. It's got pretty good distribution countrywide. So, most of the growth is going to come from continuing to penetrate and increased by rates and household penetration in some of the developing markets. You've seen in Central Brazil and other emerging markets quite successfully so. And we put a couple of lines in our Brazilian plant for Pringles as well. The Malaysia plant has been running strong for us and that provides good growth opportunities across Asia. So, we think -- I'm not going to predict how big it can get, but it keeps getting bigger for sure and generating very solid growth for us.  The other thing I'd mention where we have a lot of opportunity from snack and expanding distribution Cheez-It, which doesn't have the same footprint as Pringles, not even close. And we've now launched in Canada and Brazil and it's done extremely well. So now, as we look to the globe, we look to brands like Cheez-It and even Pop-Tarts and others that would have global aspirations. And so, we continue to look at our Snacks portfolio as something very exciting with a lot of growth potential.
Steven Cahillane: [Indiscernible]. Ken, sorry. We do assume a slowdown in emerging markets in quarter four. And we've been -- we've been pleasantly very, I wouldn't say surprised, but they're great, great numbers that have been posted in the emerging markets. You look at the Africa business. And so, we don't plan on that sustaining, but have been very pleased with what's been achieved.
Amit Banati: And I think just on the investment levels, our investment levels are broadly flat versus a year ago, so while we pulled back on some supply constraint platforms, when I look at the overall level of investments, we're flattish. And in fact, our advertising is up, so we continue to invest at appropriate levels.
Amit Banati: I think it would vary across category -- I think it would vary across categories because as Steve mentioned different categories, the supply and service levels vary by category. So, I was talking on a global level, on our levels of investment.
Amit Banati: Yes. So, I think just on gross margin, I think we expect quarter 4 to continue to be challenging from a cost standpoint. So, I think the environment remains challenging and we'd expect that to continue in fact, on certain packaging and in certain commodities, we expect inflation to be higher than what we've seen in quarter three. Overall, I would say that we're expecting inflation to be in the high single-digits.  Like it was quarter three similar levels, slightly higher in quarter four. And then of course, compounded by the strike, right? And the disruptions as a result of that. So that's the outlook on gross margins from quarter 4 standpoint. And I think as I mentioned in our in my prepared remarks, from an absolute dollar standpoint, we expect it to be higher for the full-year versus 2019 levels. So that's the outlook on gross profit.
Amit Banati: Overall, I'd say flattish to 2019 levels is kind of a good run rate to assume Ken. I think the sales has been phasing. We're lapping the phasing of the brand-building and obviously we also lapping the incentive compensation accruals from last year.
Amit Banati: Nick, just on the inflation, I think as we expected and as we had previously communicated, inflation came in at high-single-digit rates in quarter 3, it accelerated through the quarter. And as I mentioned earlier, we expect it to further accelerate into quarter 4 as well. And we kind of look at it in two buckets. There's the market-driven costs in commodities like oil, dairy, ingredients, like rice, potatoes and packaging. And actually, packaging was the one where we saw significant acceleration in quarter 3. So that's -- we think inflation, fairly broad-based, I'd say, across our commodities.  And then of course, the operating environment continues to be challenged. Whether it's freight markets, whether it's ocean freight, whether it's labor shortages, as well as shortages across our suppliers, and our supply chain. So that's -- and I would expect a similar outlook for quarter four with slightly higher -- still in the high single-digit rates, but slightly higher levels of inflation into quarter four. And I think from a pricing standpoint and from a revenue growth management standpoint, we're obviously taking action and broadly, I'd say covering our commodity related costs and our direct costs. I think some of the disruptions are hard to predict. And so that's kind of the color on inflation.
Amit Banati: Yeah. I think we'll obviously provide detailed guidance right in our quarter 4 earnings call in early February. I think to your question on from an inflation standpoint, I think on a planning basis, we're assuming that the high levels of inflation will persist for the foreseeable future. But I think that's what -- that's the assumption that we're working with. I think from a hedging standpoint, we have a continuous hedging process, so they continue to roll. So, we do not anticipate any sudden cliff at the start of the year. that said, obviously the hedges are rolling up at higher prices.  And so, from a lapped standpoint, the current hedges are higher than the hedges that are dropping off. And so all-in-all, we're planning for a high inflation environment in 2022. I think you don't from a shortages and disruption standpoint, that's harder to predict. But we are assuming that they will persist. And so, from a productivity standpoint and from our revenue growth management standpoint, we will be taking actions in '22 to offset them and continuing to drive balanced financial delivery.
Amit Banati: Yeah. I think it's hard to model that because there's so much that's happened during the course of this year. I think and like I mentioned, from our '22 planning standpoint, we're assuming that the current environment is going to persist. And we're focused on productivity and pricing and revenue growth management actions, to try and offset those costs. And continue to drive balanced delivery.
Amit Banati: And I think if you look at our -- quick look backwards, our price mix has been at around 4% and within that actually mix has been negative because of -- in this quarter, because of country mix. And so not only is that of -- not only the 4% offsetting the mix. But obviously the pricing is at a high level than that. So, it's coming through.
Amit Banati: Not necessarily. I think it's -- there are 2 factors in play at a high level. One is obviously your geographic mix. A Multipro, it does impact both NSP and gross margin because it's a distributor business. And obviously in quarter 3, like we -- like I mentioned, we had a huge quarter in Multipro in Nigeria, driven really by pricing to cargo inflation and volume growth was strong despite the significant pricing that came through. On that one, it flows through. I think on the categories, I'd say it's a lot more balanced between snacks and cereal.
Amit Banati: I think to the extent that we can focus the disruptions. I think it's hard to focus and that's been the challenge this year, because it's just common in so many unexpected places. I think to the extent that it's sustained and we're able to focus it. Obviously, that will go into the mix of how we offset through productivity and revenue growth management.  So, I think that's the way we're thinking about it. I think to the areas that we think that's going to persist, we'll obviously take actions to offset that. And I think on your point on emerging markets, yes, the volume has come through stronger than we had expected. And so, I think elasticities have been lower. No question.
Amit Banati: And I think if you looked at our prepared remarks, we talked about growth accelerating. We saw it all the way through last year, and it's further accelerated. So, we had double-digit growth through the year. Overall, it's been sustained through the year, through last year. And I think from a growth standpoint, we continue to see it as a growth opportunity.
