John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. As you have seen, today we announced results for the second quarter, which is the final quarter that we will be affected by comparisons to periods before we earned Pringles. Results met our expectations for both operating profit and earnings in the quarter. Underlying reported operating profit increased by 11% and underlying internal operating profit increased by 3.4%. However, sales growth was slower than we expected. As you've seen in recent public consumption data, some of the larger categories in which we compete, particularly in the U.S., saw lower rates of growth in the quarter. We continue to expect good rates of long-term growth from our categories, but we recognize the short-term weakness that we've seen and have taken a pragmatic approach with guidance. We just launched increased levels of innovation that will add to results in the second half, and we're increasing rates of advertising, particularly in the third quarter. So we expect improvement, but realize that it could be a slower process through the balance of the year than we originally expected. We're on track to achieve our guidance for currency-neutral earnings per share as a result of continued good performance from Pringles and the work we've been doing on our cost base. This will allow us to cover the impact of the sales outlook, while continuing to invest in the future growth of the business. This is important as we continue to focus on our margins and plan for further investment in the future. Let's turn to Slide 4 and a quick update on the Pringles acquisition. As you know, we've now owned Pringles for more than a year. So our third quarter 2013 results will be lapping the fourth full [ph] quarter of ownership last year. We've made great progress with the integration. The transition service agreements that we had with Procter & Gamble have now all ended, and the business is operating on Kellogg's systems. This was a major initiative, as this acquisition was a carve-out, which required us to quickly integrate the business into our structure. The entire organization, including the Kellogg business units, the new employees that joined us from Pringles and the transition team, have all done a great job. Thanks too to P&G for all their help throughout the transition. Reported global sales increased in a low double-digit rate in Q2, reflecting a difficult comparison due to pre-close adjustments in the second quarter of last year. However, we saw good underlying rates of consumption growth. For example, consumption in the U.S. increased by approximately 7% in the quarter. And as you know, the business has continued to run smoothly all year. Our sales and marketing execution has been good and the sales growth we've seen has exceeded our expectations. We saw more accretion than we originally anticipated in the first half and we're tracking to the higher end of our synergy range for the full year. This is a great brand with untapped potential. We are increasing innovation and investing in capacity and we have visibility into improving margins over time. So I'd just like to thank everyone involved in the acquisition and the transition for all their hard work. Now I'll turn it over to Ron for a discussion of our financial results.
John A. Bryant: Thanks, Paul. Now, let's turn to Slide 28 in our other international businesses. Internal net sales increased by 4.1% in Asia Pacific in the second quarter, driven by strong volume growth. The Australian business contributed to this growth as the breakfast drinks we launched last year continue to do well. Nutri-Grain, our core cereal brand in Australia, gained category share in the quarter, and we've got more innovation planned for introduction in Australia, including Special K Cracker Chips, which is similar to the ones you know in the U.S. In Asia, we saw good growth in India, Southeast Asia and South Africa. South Africa posted double-digit net sales growth as the Corn Flakes brand, including Corn Flakes Porridge, did very well. We also saw double-digit growth in India, due to strong growth from Chocos, Muesli and the Special K brand. And Pringles also posted mid-single-digit sales growth in the quarter, driven by both volume growth and price realization. The Latin American business posted 5% internal sales growth, although this included some unusual items, including the reduction of trade inventories, as I've mentioned before. Without these items, both sales and operating profit growth would have been much higher. The economic environment in Mexico remains difficult but cereal consumption growth remains good. We've had some recent gains in distribution and cost of innovation is working well and we've got more plans for introduction before the end of the year. We also saw growth in Brazil, the Andean region, Venezuela and Chile. And Pringles also did well in the quarter, exceeding our expectations. Now let's turn to Slide 29 and the summary. We met our goals to operating profit and earnings in the second quarter. We have better plans for the second half, including more innovation and increased levels of advertising. However, we recognize that the difficult environment we saw in the first half will continue through the balance of the year. We have completed the majority of the Pringles integration and the business is performing very well. And we have reaffirmed our full year target for earnings, excluding the impact of currency translation. So finally, I'd like to say thank you to all the Kellogg employees around the world for all their hard work and dedication. Together, we're building the plans and laying the foundation necessary for future growth. And now, we'll open up for questions.
John A. Bryant: David, it's very hard to predict how the merchandising activity will change as we go through the back half of the year. What I'll say on cereals, we're focused on driving our business the way that we've seen the business respond historically, which is through brand building, innovation, both food and packaging, as well as nutrition. I believe that's the right way to drive the cereal business. Obviously, cereal is always an intensely competitive category. We'll be competitive in that category. But I wouldn't say that there's any trends around merchandising that concern us.
John A. Bryant: David, the new products are really a second half event. They only started shipping towards the end of the second quarter, and the brand building won't be turned on until we get well into the third quarter and we have the right level of distribution across the U.S. stores.
John A. Bryant: We think Kashi is a great opportunity for us to drive additional growth. I think the opportunity with Kashi is to play its role within our portfolio. One of the benefits of having it viewed within the broader Kellogg portfolio is we can more clearly have some Kellogg brands play in some places and then Kashi play where it needs to play. An opportunity for Kashi is really in the area of pioneering nutrition, putting the value back in the food, whether it be GMO or organic or new age grains, et cetera. And that's the opportunity that Kashi can play. And by having it viewed within that broader portfolio, we can actually more clearly define and articulate the job that we need Kashi to go out and achieve for us. Now also Kashi now is a very large business and we can more effectively leverage the scale and benefits of the Kellogg Company by putting it into the broader context of Kellogg. So we feel very good about the longer-term growth opportunity for Kashi. And if anything, we think this gives us a better opportunity to achieve its long-term growth potential.
John A. Bryant: Eric, I think there are significant revenue synergies coming out of the Pringles acquisition. We've not quantified those for external purposes, but think of it in a number of waves. The first wave is a benefit of putting Pringles into the Kellogg sales system and driving our initial growth. That's what we're seeing come through. The second wave is a little bit dependent upon broader capacity coming online for Pringles, which is innovation on the Pringles business itself. And there's a third wave out there, which we're also going after aggressively, which is leveraging the Pringles infrastructure to drive Kellogg's snacks more aggressively around the world. I think Europe is a great example of where we're doing a lot of that today.
John A. Bryant: Eric, we're very comfortable with the level of advertising we spend as a company. And that advertising is becoming even more effective and efficient each year as we drive more into digital and we activate the brands even more effectively through those programs. If you look at where some of our weakness has been on the volume side, it's really been back in cereal. So as we think about cereal, and this is true in the U.S. and some of the other large developed markets we have around the world, the good news for cereal is the breakfast occasion is, in general, growing, particularly here in the U.S. And within breakfast, cereal has the single largest share. And there's reasons to believe that there's long-term growth potential in the cereal category, whether it be Asian population, health and wellness or desire for value. However, there has been some short-term pressure over the last couple of years on the cereal category from alternatives at the breakfast occasion. So how are we addressing that as a company? Because this will help us get back to volume growth long term. One is to win with cereal at breakfast. And we take adult, which is the biggest source of opportunity, we're driving increased adult consumption around cereal, moving with 4 levers: innovation, advertising, food and packaging. And innovation, as you can see here and this year, there's Special K Multi-Grain, Kashi Cheer, Raisin Bran Omega-3 coming out. On advertising to your question, about advertising effectiveness, the healthy dividends program was in place in the second quarter. It drove strong growth in Raisin Bran, which was heroed in that particular piece of advertising. On foods, as we mentioned before, in Kashi, our focus is on pioneering health. And we're seeing the benefits, again, to food right. We have seen Bear Naked growing double digits in the second quarter. And then on packaging, whether it be resealable bags, easy-open liners or more portable solutions like cups, all helps us drive that cereal consumption. And it's more than just winning with cereal breakfast. It's also winning in breakfast beyond cereal. So we have a number of warm breakfast alternative, such as Eggo, Pop-Tarts, the Special K breakfast sandwiches. And now we have Special K Hot Cereal launching both in the U.S. and in U.K. And within that as well, we're looking at portability, whether it be wholesome snacks, hand-held breakfast that Paul mentioned in Europe, or breakfast beverages here in the U.S. So we're confident we can do both in the breakfast occasion. We can grow cereal at breakfast as we did across the 2000s and we can leverage our strong cereal brands into other formats to meet consumer needs at that breakfast occasion. And we believe if we do this well, we can get ourselves back to volume growth as a company.
John A. Bryant: I think it's definitely our intent to, over the long term, get back on a sustainable growth model. We are making the investments we need to make in order to get back on that model and we recognize the need to drive our growth more aggressively in the cereal and breakfast occasion, and we're making the investments we need to make. What I think you're seeing within that investment model is we are using cereal equities to help drive our growth in some of the non-cereals spaces. So for example, leveraging the Kellogg master brands, launch the Kellogg to-go beverages in the U.S. That would then enable us to have a more efficient investment model, so we don't need to add a significant amount of additional brand building in order to drive that growth. This will hail us back on the cereal business as well. At the same time, within the advertising line, we continue to move money between digital, consumer databases and so on, which makes that spending even more efficient, which also enables us to free up investment. Also, we'll continue to look within our company on the cost side to be more effective and efficient to identify opportunities, to provide fuel for growth in our organization going forward.
John A. Bryant: Andrew, I think any transition like that always has its bumps early in the process, but I feel like it's working very well today.
John A. Bryant: I believe that the innovation we're putting in the marketplace here in the second half, as well as the commercial plans we have in the second half, will lead to a better sales growth rate in the second half than what we had in the first half. I also believe it's going to take more innovation and pressure over time to get the categories fully back into the growth rates we'd like to see. So this is not a short-term easy fix. This is a longer-term journey that we're on. But we're absolutely doing the right thing. So we've seen the ability to grow these categories over time back in the 2000s, and it's a case of engaging and exciting the consumer and bringing them back in.
John A. Bryant: And Chris, on the supply chain, I feel very good about the state of our supply chain. The investments that we've made over the last 2 years have enabled us to run these plants even more effectively. And quite frankly, the work that we did on those plants is enabling to run even more efficiently this year, and that's a little bit of a source of some of the productivity benefits.
John A. Bryant: Well, Jason, I think that in a category like cereal, which is a high repertoire in category, you always have a level of innovation and a level of ongoing rationalization on the shelf. So the shelf is not growing and it's not declining. It is an element of bringing new news to the category and continuing to bring consumers in. In some parts of the business, such as Special K, where you need a high level of choices to keep people excited, interested in eating Special K each day, there is a wider level of varieties out there than you might have in some other brands. Also Jason, when we talk about innovation we're not just talking about another line extension. We are talking about beverages. We're talking about hot cereals. We're talking about breakfast sandwiches. So I think if you compared our innovation pipeline this year to, say, last year or the year before, there's a greater proportion of incrementality within the innovation pipeline. Plus, when you look at the international innovation, we are ramping up from a relatively low base and within that and some of the things that Paul talked about in Europe, that innovation is significantly more incremental than some of the historical cereal-based line extensions.
John A. Bryant: Ken, it's a very difficult question to answer. Certainly, Pringles being the second largest acquisition in our history and being a carve-out bolt-on was more intense integration, particularly in some parts of the world, such as Europe. I don't think that some of the issues we've seen in cereal more recently were impacted by the Pringles acquisition. But certainly, it has been something that the organization has been focused on with the integration.
John A. Bryant: Over time, as we go forward in Latin America, we are looking for more volume growth. I think when you look in the second quarter, it's a little distorted by lapping the trade inventory build that happened in Q2 last year that we spoke about on the second quarter call last year. The -- in particular, in Mexico, shipments are down quite significantly and now consumption was actually [indiscernible] I think if you're looking at a full basis, the volume performance will be much better. And certainly, our strategy going forward in Latin America is to be in volume growth.
John A. Bryant: Well the Kellogg Company has a very strong track record on sustainability and we have a sustainability report that I would turn your attention to. In terms of palm oil, we actually buy green certificates to cargo all our palm oil purchases, and we feel very good about our practices in that area. We work with a number of partners and suppliers around the world, and I'll leave it to you to talk to Wilmar directly if you have any questions for them. But we feel very good about the Kellogg Company's position on this topic.
Ronald L. Dissinger: So David, this is Ron. Our advertising was down just slightly in the second quarter, and that was a function of the innovation -- timing of innovation launches that John mentioned. So we do expect advertising growth in the third quarter.
Ronald L. Dissinger: And/or other savings. David, particularly we've been very focused and cost disciplined around overhead. We've executed some initiatives early in the year knowing that we were facing high inflation in the front part of the year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. Rob, it's really a factor of our operating leverage. So we have very good visibility to our cost structure as we look at back half of the year, seeing our net deflation in the fourth quarter, as I mentioned. A little bit of inflation in the third quarter, and that's because of the operating leverage impact as a result of the sales coming down in a couple of the key U.S. businesses. So it's nothing more than that. Pringles is still about 50 basis points dilutive impact on the margin as well. So the underlying margin is down about 25 to 50 basis points.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Now the tick-up in savings, productivity savings is only slight, Chris. It's not significant. So we're quite comfortable with the programs that are in place and the things that the supply-chain is doing to generate their savings.
