Steven Cahillane: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I hope you and your families are doing well. There is no question that we're still managing through a pandemic. In this environment, keeping employees safe remains job number one. And aiding our communities is more important than ever. We also continue to supply the world with food, though, this remains challenging as the pandemic persists. A reacceleration of COVID cases has brought on new restrictions, causing temporary shutdowns of production in some countries. Meantime, we and the vendors that supply us are having to manage through bottlenecks and shortages of materials, labor and freight, all created by demand-supply imbalances that are also pushing up costs. So 2021 is shaping up to be anything but business as usual, and I'm extremely proud of how our organization continues to persevere and succeed in such challenging conditions. I'm also pleased with how well we continue to execute against our strategy, deployed for balanced growth, which is depicted on Slide 6. From a business perspective, demand and eating occasions at home remained elevated in quarter two, but they are gradually shifting as consumer mobility returns. In the second quarter, this was reflected in an ads forecast continuation of decelerating at-home demand growth, as measured by 2-year compound annual growth rates in our cereal and frozen categories around the world. We also saw signs of gradual recovery in away-from-home channels in an on-the-go snacks and pack formats. These channels grew year-on-year and better than forecast, even if they remain below 2019 levels. Our Deploy for Growth boosters are working effectively from focusing on ever-evolving occasions, to leveraging our reshaped portfolio, to driving momentum in our world-class brands and to investing in our supply chain to better serve our customers. Our Better Days boosters, which further our ESG efforts continue to work effectively as well. A few Better Days highlights are shared on Slide 7. During the second quarter, we continued to progress toward our ongoing Better Days commitments. This slide calls out a few of our actions and achievements of the quarter. The key message is that this remains a critical element of our strategy, a clear focus of management and a part of the DNA of Kellogg Company.  And we turned in another quarter of strong business performance in the second quarter, as discussed on Slide 8. Overall, at-home demand remained elevated, and we saw continued recovery in our away-from-home channels. Most encouraging has been the momentum demonstrated by key long-term growth engines for us. Our world-class snacks brands sustained their momentum with many continuing to outpace their respective categories. Our plant-based protein business is continuing to show strong growth. Our emerging markets businesses sustained their rapid growth and continue to excel even amidst challenging business conditions. Meanwhile, we continue to manage through the global supply challenges, I referred to earlier even as we continue to bring on our planned capacity increases. From a financial standpoint, our second quarter continued the balanced delivery that we returned to in 2020. Specifically, comparing to pre-COVID 2019, we realized another quarter of strong organic top line growth and operating profit growth as well as improved cash flow generation. We are affirming our full year guidance today. Like so many others, we are currently facing increased cost inflation and supply hurdles, and that is factored into our second half assumptions. Nonetheless, the business is showing good momentum. And just as we work through these challenges in the second quarter, we're confident we can work through them in the second half as well. Let me now turn it over to Amit, so he can take you through our financial results and outlook in more detail.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Rob. Obviously, we're very pleased with the emerging market performance in the first half. It was surprisingly strong. And I say that because, as Amit already mentioned and as everybody knows, COVID really is raging in many of these parts of the world. But I think our strength there really comes down to the execution of our strategy, which starts with the affordability pyramid, which we've talked about in the past. Our portfolio is much more affordable today than it has been in years. It's much more locally relevant in terms of the foods that we bring to market. And so that's allowed us to weather what is a very uncertain environment in many of these markets. We also have a very advantaged position in some of these markets. If you think about our West African Nigerian business, our strength in route-to-market through our Multipro distributor allows us to mean to operate in this very challenging environment. The Parati acquisition in Brazil gave us strong route to market. So the focus on route to market and affordability has allowed us to weather this very challenging and, in fact, be very successful in the first half of the year. We're cautious going forward. We wouldn't expect this type of elevated performance to continue. And we say that just because of the level of uncertainty around COVID, around potential disruptions. We have had some factory disruptions in the emerging markets in the past quarter. We can't guarantee that, that won't happen again. And so it's with some degree of just caution that we look forward relative to the performance that we had in the first half of the year.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So we feel pretty good about the volume side of the equation. But we're also continuing to focus on the balance of price/mix. As you think about our various categories, obviously, the second quarter was the really big lap when it comes to tonnage. And then the back half of the year becomes less so.
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Michael, thanks for the question. I think, obviously, if you just reflect back on the last 18 months, there was a time when many companies weren't giving guidance. And we've tried to be as transparent as we possibly can all throughout this. We're clearly pleased with the first half of the year. We're pleased with the top line performance. But as we look to the second half of the year, we did slightly raise the guidance that we have for the top line. But again, the types of performances we've had in emerging markets have been quite elevated. And we're trying to do a center cut down the middle of the fairway. Do we hope to do better? We certainly always hope to do better. But we're trying to give the best possible outlook that we can, given what is still an incredibly uncertain environment. I mean, just a few weeks ago, you wouldn't have forecast a type of Delta variant and pandemic disruptions that we're seeing again in North America.
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Laurent, thanks for the question. I'd say the supply disruptions that we're seeing are the same things that many in the industry are seeing, everything from a shortage of labor, which is quite challenging. Shortage of even things like pallets. So the whole supply chain was disrupted. And much of that, you can point to China went into lockdown, obviously, very early in the pandemic and was the first out, recovered quite quickly and sucked up a lot of resource, and it's really created supply imbalances throughout the world that everybody has had to deal with, and we've had to deal with inside North America. During that time, we're also adding capacity. We've successfully added capacity throughout the world. We had what we call a vertical start-up of our Pringles line in Poland, which was done very successfully. So we have been able to add capacity. In some areas in North America, it's been a little bit slowed because of some of these supply disruptions. And so we haven't been able to get the level of capacity as quickly as we would want. But it's all in our outlook. So as we talk about the second half of the year and what we expect in the second half of the year, we're doing our best to forecast these types of disruptions and this type of slowed activity relative to a nonpandemic world.
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. Off the top of my head, Frosted Flakes did make up probably more than half of our share loss. And much of that was still not getting back to the levels of commercial activity that we would like. And so we've talked about it in the back half of the year, getting that going again. I did mention a fire in one of our facilities. That will affect Frosted Flakes as well as some of our other brands, but the team is working very, very swiftly and quickly to get that back up to speed. So we're not -- you've heard me say in the past, we're not happy about losing share in U.S. Cereal. We believe it's not going to be a long-term -- or a continuing trend, but we've got work to do to get there. The other thing I'd just remind everybody is, obviously, we've got a lot of other businesses besides U.S. Cereal. It's an important business for us, but it is less than 1/5 of our total global portfolio.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So Rob, I'll start, and Amit can add color. On the first question, I would say, if you look at our first half performance, obviously, a strong top line helped us mitigate a very inflationary environment. And I think that's illustrative of any over-delivery. We would -- it's always going to be profitable. But there's clearly a cost challenge. And I think Amit pointed out in his prepared remarks, when we look at margins, we're still looking at 2019 as a decent base year, and it's likely will come in slightly below that, but the gross profit dollars will be significantly greater. And so that's the way we're thinking. We're always looking for profitable sales. But clearly, there's a lot of cost challenges, we'll try and deliver the best possible P&L shape that we can. And obviously, profitable sales are -- clearly continue to be important.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Eric, thanks for the question. I think, obviously, we all look at the syndicated data. And it is limited to mostly developed markets, less so in developing markets. And distribution opportunities remain important for us, obviously, very important, and are different based on the maturity of the brands. And so if you look at our ACV distribution for our snacks and cereal business in the U.S., obviously very high. And then we'll look to add weighted ACV distribution as we look to launch new innovations, and we track that very closely. And so it's a clear important metric for us. And then with respect to -- what was the second part of the question? The -- oh, penetration. Yes. So we're looking at categories for us that are already very highly penetrated. And so if you look at the penetration gains we've had, we did see penetration gains across our portfolio in our developed markets. And we saw even more of that COVID lift coming from buy rates, though. And so increased household penetration is important. But obviously, looking at buy rates is equally, if not more important, when you're talking about categories which are already quite highly penetrated like U.S. Cereal and U.S. Snacks.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So Eric, I'd say we're seeing all of it come back, but at different rates. We're over-indexed really in travel and lodging, schools, convenience stores, and they're coming back at different rates. So C-stores are coming back faster. Schools, we'll see. We'll see -- right now schools are starting in many parts of the world. And what happens there remains to be seen, but it looks like it will be coming back. Travel and lodging coming back slower and particularly business travel. But then you obviously see leisure travel and the airline starting to fill up planes again. So that seems to be coming back as well. And so it's very uneven, but by and large, coming back, as we said. Now as I said earlier, there's still a degree of uncertainty based on what's happening with the pandemic right now, and it's still below 2019 levels. So not yet close to where we were prepandemic.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Steve. I'd say, again, very pleased with the first half performance. As we think about the second half performance, as Amit mentioned, we are seeing decelerating at-home demand. And so we've taken that into account. We've also taken into account the strong delivery in emerging markets and the likelihood that -- continuing that type of performance would be great. But obviously, we're trying to be prudent, and we're trying to be cautious based on supply disruptions that we have seen in the first half that could happen again in the second half. And as I said before, of course, we aim to over-deliver. We hope to over-deliver. But we're trying to take a prudent approach, given the degree of uncertainty that we still see and the trend in deceleration that is, in fact, real. And again, we hope to over-deliver, but this is what we felt was a pretty transparent and fair bit of guidance.
Steven Cahillane: No, Jason, far from it. MorningStar Farms continues to be a very exciting category for us, a very exciting brand for us. Underlying consumption is strong on a 1-year and 2-year basis. And Incogmeato -- to put it in perspective, Incogmeato entered a category -- the refrigerated category, which is very exciting, incredibly competitive with lots of entrants coming in, and it's growing share in distribution as we speak. If you look at the last year -- last 4 weeks, syndicated data, it's over a 2- share right now. And so would we like to be even higher than that? Of course, we would. But it's a very competitive category. MorningStar Farms is the leader in the category. And again, underlying 2-year stacked consumption is very good. So we stand by the performance of MorningStar Farms, what the team is doing. And far from falling flat, I think it's doing quite well. Strong growth beyond burgers as well in chicken and others.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think just to build on what Steve said. If you look at our inflation, it came in higher than what we had expected in the second quarter. I think we kind of closed the first half at around mid-single-digit rates of inflation. And I think as we look to the second half, we expect that to accelerate to high single digits. I think as you would have seen in our quarter two results, we're seeing strong price/mix come through globally. So across all our markets. And that will continue to be an emphasis in the second half as well. We are taking our revenue growth management actions, and you'll start -- and you will continue to see the impact of that in the second half as well. And then I think just from a margin standpoint, like I mentioned, our outlook now for the year is that our gross margin will be slightly below 2019 levels. But I think it's important to note that our gross profit dollars will be higher than in 2019.
Amit Banati: I think -- Alexia, this is Amit here. It's broad-based. And I think everyone is seeing it. If you kind of look at labor shortages, there are widespread shortages of labor, particularly here in the U.S. and that's impacting the freight market. We've seen the spot market in the freight significantly up due to a shortage of drivers. It's impacting our operation in our factories in terms of just labor and it's impacting the entire supply chain. So we are seeing it in our suppliers as well. So it is broad-based. And then when you look internationally, COVID is raging in some emerging markets. And so we've seen COVID restrictions kick in, and a couple of our facilities have been impacted because of COVID restrictions. So broad-based.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think it's hard -- I mean, it's hard to kind of forecast exchange rates. I think if you look at where the rates are today, you'd say that it's about 2% on the EPS from a forex standpoint. It's about 1% to 2% on a net sales basis. So that's kind of the -- if you look at just where rates are today.
Amit Banati: Yes. So just starting with the pricing. We saw, like I said, around 4% price/mix in the first half, and it was across all our markets, both in the U.S. and in the international markets. And it was more price than mix in the first half, and we'd expect that to continue in the second half. And we'd expect to continue to execute our revenue growth management actions.
Amit Banati: Yes. The only other thing I'd say is that our at-home demand is decelerating, right? We saw that from quarter one into quarter two. So if you look at our 2-year CAGRs, right, it was 6% in quarter one, it's 4.5% in quarter two. So you are seeing the deceleration of demand at home. So that's built into our outlook as well that we'd continue to see that. Now I think to Steve's point, right, depending on how the pandemic plays out and the twists and turns, it's hard to forecast that.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think, Malaysia has seen a spike in the Delta variant in the last few weeks. And we have a manufacturing facility there in Malaysia of Pringles. So that line of production there was impacted, but the teams have done a remarkable job to get us back up and running. But we did see some disruption in the quarter. And South Africa, again, we've got a manufacturing location there, and there was some civil strikes and so that impacted production. But I think it's just with the COVID restrictions and with COVID continuing to rage, right, in many of these markets, right, we see these supply restrictions and restrictions on movement coming through.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think, our hedging, we're almost now fully hedged for the year, as you'd expect at this time of the year. So I think from a hedging standpoint, for the year, for '21, we're almost fully hedged. I think in terms of inflation, we've seen a little bit of inflation on our commodities. But I think the area that's turned inflationary is packaging, on flexible scans. So that has turned inflationary since our last outlook. And then I think the comment I made earlier around freight, we're seeing freight rates continue to rise. And more importantly, there are widespread shortages. And so just securing the supply of freight, right, is coming at much higher rates than what we had expected. And so I think those are the areas that we're seeing higher costs come through. And then the other one, which is hard to forecast is just the labor shortages. And that's kind of through the supply chain. So those are the areas that we are seeing higher costs come through.
Amit Banati: And I think just on your U.S. Snacks question. If you look at our first half, right, the 2-year CAGRs are around 4%. I think between the quarters, between quarter one and quarter two, there was some shipment timing. And also these -- remember, these numbers include the away-from-home channel as well, which continues to be impacted. I mean, it's moderating, but it's still below 2019 levels. So I think from an overall consumption standpoint, we're pleased with the consumption that we're seeing and the momentum that we are seeing in our snacks brands in the U.S.
Amit Banati: Yes. I think the shipment timing. I mean the overall consumption remains strong. And then I think within the shipment, you've got the away-from-home, as well, dynamic playing through. So -- but when you kind of look at retail consumption, it's strong.
Robert Dickerson: So just a question around emerging markets. I know, Steve, you've said it's about 20% of the business. Obviously, we've seen some nice pricing already come through there, even though it looks like currencies hasn't been a headwind. So I'm just curious, kind of net-net within kind of the broader emerging market platform you have, has the strategy just been -- you think that volumes essentially can remain somewhat steady as you get through that back half of the year, while pricing is still elevated, maybe there was just some pricing opportunity, I think, that you had spoken to kind of coming out of Q1? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Robert Dickerson: All right. Great. And then just to focus on North America for a minute. Obviously, the price/mix is already coming through nicely in Q2. I'm assuming some of that is more mix driven relative to pricing you've already taken. So as I think kind of on the go-forward in the back half, is kind of what you did in Q2 is that, let's say, one, a fair proxy for what you might be able to put up in price/mix? And then secondly is just on the tonnage side, obviously, came off a bit in Q2. I realize you're being a bit cautious on how that plays out given at-home deceleration potential. For the same time, it seems like maybe your portfolio should be a little bit better insulated, but relative to others in the volume side, in the back half, given you don't have extremely tough comparison and also because you test some of the on-the-go exposure. So kind of 2 parts, pricing and then tonnage expectations, and that's it.
Robert Dickerson: Right. Great. And then just on the volume side, just kind of thinking about portfolio construct and, I guess, elasticity, et cetera.
