John Bryant: Thank you, Michael. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today, and welcome to the review of our second quarter 2011 results. I am joined by Ron Dissinger, our Chief Financial Officer. Unfortunately, Kathryn Koessel, our Vice President of Investor Relations, could not be with us today due to illness. We all hope she gets better soon.  The press release and the slides that support our remarks this morning are posted on our website at www.kelloggcompany.com. As you are aware, certain statements today, such as projections for Kellogg Company's future performance, including earnings per share, net sales, margin, operating profit, interest expense, tax rate, cash flow, brand building, upfront costs and inflation are forward-looking statements. Actual results could be materially different from those projected. For further information concerning factors that could cause these results to differ, please refer to the second slide of this presentation, as well as to our public SEC filings.  As a reminder, a replay of today's conference call will be available by phone through Monday, August 1. The call will also be available via webcast, which will be archived for at least 90 days.  Now let me turn to our second quarter performance. We are pleased to announce solid second quarter results, which demonstrate that we are beginning to rebuild our momentum, following a very difficult 2010. While these results are against relatively soft comparisons in 2010, we delivered strong top line results and internal operating profit, as increasing benefits and price mix helped to offset higher input costs. The highlight of the second quarter was very strong share results across our U.S. business, driven by innovation, brand building and execution.  We have also seen improvement in our core categories as broad-based pricing actions have helped to mitigate increased cost pressures. Specifically, we gained 1.7 share points in U.S. cereal in measured channels, with 35.5 share across the quarter. We also gained share in waffles, toaster pastries, crackers and wholesome snacks. Our momentum also improved in our international business, with sales growth across all 3 regions. Based on increased net price realization and our confidence in our innovation, we are raising our internal 2011 net sales outlook and reaffirming our 2011 currency neutral EPS guidance. Ron will speak more to our guidance shortly. We had a solid start to the year and continue to be on track with our 2011 plans. That said, 2011 remains a year of rebuilding in a difficult consumer and retail environment.  Turning now to our results, Ron will take you through our financial highlights.
John Bryant: Yes, David. If you think about as we came into the year, we said that Europe would be the most difficult operating environment for us. And within Europe, it's really the U.K. that's giving us the greatest number of challenges. And within the U.K., we are seeing improving trends in cereal. The cereal category is still struggling and we actually declined a little bit in the quarter. But that's an improved trend from where we've been, say last year. So I think the category and the dynamics are improving, but they're kind of lagging behind the improvement we've seen in the U.S. cereal category over the last 6 months or so.
John Bryant: We are expecting the performance to get better. As we said, we have innovation coming at the back half of the year. I don't think the business is going to turn on a dime. I think it will continue to have a tough back half, but I do expect the trends to continue to improve across the back half of the year.
John Bryant: I think the U.K. is a very tough consumer environment right now. The consumer's very depressed. I think retailers are trying to give the best offer they can to consumers and I think that manufacturers -- like ourselves, going back a year or so, we were also trying to follow a similar path. And that did lead to a very similar dynamic in the U.K. cereal category to what we had in the U.S. cereal category last year. I do think with inflation coming through and cost pressures coming through, you are seeing improving trends in that U.K. cereal category but it's still lagging the trends we're seeing in the U.S.
John Bryant: I don't want to talk to the future, but certainly what we're seeing over the last 6 months is it's starting to soften a little bit.
John Bryant: Yes. It's very hard for me, Terry, to comment on promotional intensity in the second half and talk about what competitors may or may not do. But if you look at the second quarter results, if you look at the category, in the category, price per pound was up about $0.13 in the second quarter. Base price or price on shelf was up $0.09 and dealt volume or incremental sales was up $0.16 per pound. So we're seeing a little bit of a pullback in the amount of activity and an increase in the pricing that's being realized when merchandising activity does occur. I think that just reflects the intense cost pressures going on in the marketplace, and I think we have to wait and see how the back half plays out.
John Bryant: No, I'm not. And I'm not because I'm not anticipating any changes in the cost trends either. So I do believe that we're seeing these improved trends in the category, and I expect them to continue through the back half of the year.
John Bryant: Andrew, I think we're seeing the volume performance that we expected to see. So we're right on track from our internal expectations. We have had some benefit in the first half of the year from a volume perspective, as we lapped through the Eggo disruption and the cereal recall. We do have more price mix coming in the back half of the year. And so we do expect our volume to be soft in the back half of the year than the front half of the year. So I would say that we have not been surprised by the elasticity. There has been some elasticity as you'd expect, given the amount of price mix that's coming through the business. But it's right in line with what we anticipated.
John Bryant: Well, Andrew, I can't really talk about prospective pricing. We did take additional pricing actions in some markets around the world in the second quarter. And we, as we look out to 2012, are expecting another year of fairly significant inflation.
John Bryant: Judy, I guess what we're saying there is that, that back half, we view that as a challenging but appropriate guidance. If we do have upside, we'll reinvest it back in brand building, but our expectation is that guidance is good solid guidance.
John Bryant: Just to clarify. So in the back half of the year, we have about $100 million of bonus headwind, about $29 million of tailwind from China. When you adjust for those 2 items, our guidance implies 9% to 12% in operating [ph] profit growth in the back half of the year, year-on-year.
John Bryant: There's no question, Eric, the higher capital has put a bit more pressure on the cash flow number, but we're still in the middle of that range that Ron gave you.
John Bryant: David, I think we're very happy with the first half performance. We're tracking right on line, and we think we're on line for our full year guidance. Maybe a different way of coming at the volume question, if I looked at the second quarter, our volume's up 0.6%. If you would adjust for the cereal recall and the Eggo disruption, our volume in the second quarter would be down 1%. We're looking at the back half of the year and saying we expect our volume to be down roughly 1%. So we're actually expecting back half performance to be very similar to the underlying second quarter performance. And then if anything, we have a little bit more price mix coming through in the back half than what we had in the second quarter. So as I look at the guidance, I think it's very consistent, the back half, to what we've seen here in Q2.
John Bryant: Well, when you think about the cereal category, the cereal category performance is based upon the performance of the all the manufacturers within the category. And I think we're very happy with our business. We're driving about 2/3 of the innovation sales in U.S. cereal so far this year. Our 5% consumption growth in the second quarter was strong. Innovation's working. We feel good about the business. I think the category's a little softer than we would like it to be, and I think it does have the potential to improve in the back half of the year. That doesn't necessarily mean that our business will grow even faster. That might just mean that we gained a little bit less share. We gained 1.7 share points in the second quarter.
John Bryant: This is a case of employees choosing to exercise options, and I think not paying a bonus last year has probably impacted some of that decision.
John Bryant: I think what gives us confidence is in part the second quarter performance and even the first quarter performance. We have a very strong innovation pipeline this year and that innovation will still be there through the back half of the year. And we're bringing in additional innovation at the halfway mark of the year. So clearly, volume is the most difficult part of our P&L to forecast, and if we have issues upside or downside, it will be on that volume line. But we think that the back half forecast is the right forecast and it's very consistent with what we've seen in the marketplace.
John Bryant: I think the consumer is under pressure, but I also think our products tend to be staples. And if anything, we're seeing that split in the consumer. So we're seeing double-digit growth in BearNaked in the second quarter, one of our highest priced cereals on a per unit basis. And so you're seeing consumers who realize that the world's not going to end certainly being prepared to pay the extra money for the extra value. And then there are customers who are under pressure, but if you have great brand-building programs like the Frosted Flakes advertising, great innovation like Crunchy Nut and FiberPlus, then consumers are prepared to come into the category.
John Bryant: Well, I don't want to talk too much about prospective trade spend. But I think our activity in the second quarter, take U.S. cereal, it looks like our sales -- incremental sales are up 10%. A part of that is a relatively weak comparison. And so I wouldn't expect that sort of growth to continue, because the comparison doesn't continue that way. So I think it will tend to moderate.
John Bryant: You're right. We had a very small recall in Australia and New Zealand overnight. It was to do with some hard plastic in cereal. But it was a very small amount of cereal, a couple days of production. It's the first recall we've had in Australia for 5 years. So it really is a very minor issue. It really is unrelated to some of the issues we've had in the U.S. Clearly, our first preference is not to have any recalls at all. And secondly, if you do have them, you want to make them as contained as possible and as quick as possible. And I think that's what we've done in Australia.
John Bryant: I think frozen breakfast is doing very well. And you can see that with the Eggo consumption up 40% and the Morningstar Farms doing very well also. I think cereal, long-term, has great growth potential in the U.S. I'm not suggesting it's going to be in mid-single digit category, but it can certainly grow in that sort of low single-digit ranges. And I believe that's going to continue to happen because it's on trend from a health and wellness perspective. It's on trend from an older population perspective. And I think there's opportunity to drive consumption of cereal beyond just the breakfast occasion. So I think there's a lot of reasons to believe, a lot of tailwinds on the cereal category. Just given the sheer size of the category, it's going to be more moderate growth rates. But I don't think what we're seeing right now is a weak cereal category because we have a strong frozen breakfast category. I think what we need to do in the cereal category is to see an increased rate of innovation across the category, increased level of brand building across the category and bring consumers into the category.
Ronald Dissinger: Eric, this is Ron. We're comfortable with the range of the guidance that we've given for the full year and how we look at our back half as well. Keep in mind, there are a lot of moving parts here. We had said that we're about 90% hedged on commodities. So we've still got approximately 10% open at this point in time, and we're still seeing our price realization settle in from what we've taken over the front half of the year. So there's still some things moving around. Clearly as our price execution gets taken, we're expecting volume to be a little bit softer in the back half of the year, probably down approximately 1 point. We need to see how the consumer reacts. So we're keeping that range at low single digits on a currency neutral basis and we're comfortable with that at this point.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, it's not significant, Eric, but I did want to point it out. We've said approximately 4% in the past. It's about 20 basis points lower than plan. And keep in mind, this is an estimate when we start the year, in terms of our cost savings expectation.
Ronald Dissinger: Well Alexia, if you think about it in 2 buckets, one's the expense piece and the second is the capital piece. On the operating expense piece, we view these costs as ongoing. We've got about a $30 million increase in these sorts of investments this year versus last year. As we go into 2012, we'd expect to probably hold at that level. It's too early to give that sort of guidance, but we don't see any reason at this stage why it would step up. And on capital expense -- capital itself, we're spending about $160 million, $170 million this year on capital in this sort of area. So it's a meaningful investment. And as Ron said, we do expect that capital would be sort of in the 4% to 5% range as we go forward for next couple of years, just as we continue these investments.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes, Judy, let me talk a little bit about our second half profit outlook. We feel comfortable right now with the guidance that we've given. If you look at our second half from an operating profit perspective, it would imply, based on the first half, we intend to be up about 3 to 4 points on internal operating profit. Remember, we're lapping some headwinds as a result of this adjustment we made to incentive compensation in the third quarter, where we reduced our accruals last year. And also, there's an impact of that in the fourth quarter, though we know we're lapping the China impairment. If we take those items and set them aside and look at the comparable growth rates on operating profit in the back half, we're somewhere in the neighborhood of 9% to 12% growth on an internal operating profit basis. So we feel comfortable we've given the right guidance at this point in time.
Ronald Dissinger: That's embedded in the base, Eric. Yes, absolutely. So we recognize we're lapping that when I just talked about the performance expectations.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes. The pretax amount of the sale was about $6 million. Now we had some other discrete items partially offsetting that and that's why we communicated up 19% in Latin America, but if you adjust for these discrete items, more like up 10%. And then it would have been tax-affected [ph] at the normal rate.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes. Fair question, Eric. First, we are comfortable with the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion guidance. If you think of the raise that we did in capital spending, our capital spending is up about $100 million on a year-to-date basis. That's virtually all of the increase that we expect to occur this year. So our back half capital spending should be pretty comparative to last year. We mentioned the timing on working capital. So our working capital is a little bit higher. We didn't say necessarily that, that working capital was going to carry through the end of the year. In fact, we believe that, that's going to turn around pretty quickly on us, and we've even seen some of that turnaround as we've started out the third quarter here. And we're good at managing working capital. So as we look at the cash flow performance, we feel comfortable that we'll be in this $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion range. Keep in mind as well what we're lapping last year, which was around $1 billion of cash flow delivery before the pension contribution that we made. We had a very soft back half operating cash performance, the underlying cash performance, Eric, and we'll be lapping that in the second half of this year.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes. The third quarter, and this may help you guys in understanding how the quarters may play out, the third quarter we do expect to be our highest level of cost pressures or cost inflation. So a little bit over 9%. That'll come down in the fourth quarter, because if you think about how our year played out last year, we started to see some inflation come through the fourth quarter. So our fourth quarter comes down a little bit. When you look at the back half versus the front half, the 2 should be relatively comparative.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes. As we look at advertising now for the full year, we've seen about 1 to 2 points shift out of advertising and into promotions. So our advertising could be flat to up slightly as we look at the year.
Ronald Dissinger: Yes. Bryan, there is a little bit more dilution from options. And if you look at our cash flow statement, you can kind of see that pop out. So we're seeing about $100 million more in terms of dilution from options exercises over the front part of the year. So that's having an impact on our range of benefit from average shares outstanding.
Ronald Dissinger: That's correct. So a combination of more pricing and mix as well. And then our cost pressures being slightly higher, at the higher end of the 7% to 8% range. And then remember, I mentioned also our cost savings down slightly, about 20 basis points.
Ronald Dissinger: No, not necessarily. Let's separate out the financing activities and the share repurchase from the operating cash flow first. So the options proceeds or the dilution from that is really a separate matter. We're still planning to buy back shares in the back half of the year. So we didn't say that we weren't going to buy any shares back. We said we bought a little over $500 million through the front half and expect about $800 million for the year. It's still early, though. I mean, we're a little bit more than halfway through the year. We have the $2.5 billion authorization, so there's some flexibility there. We feel comfortable, based on what we will execute over the back half of the year, that it will be in that 3% to 4% range.
Ronald Dissinger: Well, I think you can see the innovation coming through in the market share results. And if I just take U.S. cereal as an example, FiberPlus is 0.4 share points, Crunchy Nut 0.6, Mini-Wheats Touch of Fruit 0.4 as well. So you can see the share performance there. I think obviously there is always some level of cannibalization of innovation from existing products. I do believe that these products, are to some degree, also bringing people into the category. And I think that the price elasticity also does have some impact on the category. So we are seeing innovation come through and help our volume line. And then subtract from, that to some degree, some elasticity from the pricing actions that are being taken. We have reduced our trade spend significantly across the back half -- the front half of this year, okay? And that trade spend reduction is putting some pressure on consumers.
Ronald Dissinger: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Kim Stumm and I would be happy to answer any follow-up questions you might have. If you would please contact Kathryn Koessel's line. She's at (269) 961-9089, and we'd be happy to answer any questions. Thanks very much.
