Amit Banati: Sure. So Chris, just on gross margin, obviously, we had a very strong gross margin performance in the quarter. I think if I were to kind of break down the drivers of that, the divestiture was about 60 basis points, which was just mechanical as it flowed through. We did have incremental costs related to COVID of around $22 million, so that was about a 50 basis points headwind during the quarter. Input costs were roughly neutral. So largely, the balance of the gross margin was driven really by two things: one, the operating leverage coming through, and also a positive margin mix. So as the growth was more pronounced and moved away from snacks towards RTEC and noodles that that created a positive margin mix for us in the quarter. I think as we look to the second half, we'd expect the margin mix to be neutral, and then obviously, with lower volume growth, the operating leverage would be lower in the second half. And overall, we remain confident of our guidance on a stable gross profit margin for the year.
Amit Banati: Well, I think it was -- I think in terms of the inventories specifically, we did see a replenishment of inventory.
Amit Banati: Of trade inventory. But from an overall standpoint, right, I think the leverage was driven by the increased production in the quarter.
Amit Banati: Yes. So I think, Jason, in the second, mix was favorable in the quarter, like I said, as we saw growth move from snacks towards RTEC and noodles. I think as we look at the second half, we expect that to moderate as we get back to more normal consumption levels. So that's the assumption. That's the planning assumption, underlying gross margin for the second half.
Amit Banati: All right. So I think just from a cash standpoint, I think we're looking to invest the cash, as Steve talked in brand building, increased CapEx. I think debt reduction continues to be a priority, so we're very focused on that as we've said throughout the course of this year.  So that will continue to remain the priority in the second half as well. And we're making good progress on that, as you saw in the prepared remarks. I think from a price/mix standpoint, pricing was actually positive in the quarter. I think what you're seeing is the mix, and it goes back to the category mix. We've seen growth move away from snacks towards RTEC and noodles. And on the price/mix line, that's negative. But on the gross margin line, that's actually a positive. So really, that's what's driving the price mix.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jason. What I'd say about cereal consumption, it's moved around. It's been pretty choppy. And if you look at the latest syndicated data, it actually looks like it's coming back now. And so it's been choppier, and I think some of that might be stocking up. We do see trips down and baskets up, so people load up their pantry, but they are going through it.  And so I think we're just going to have to continue to take a wait-and-see approach because all of our panel research also suggests that consumption remains very strong and very robust. And we like our performance in that. And we're investing quite substantially in the back half of the year in a back-to-school program. You can see the Mission Tiger, which has been on air, which has been very successful in really gaining steam. So it's one to watch, obviously, but we're pretty confident that the at-home consumption is going to remain elevated. And we're assuming a deceleration, obviously, from the height of it as people become more mobile and things do return back to normal, but we're still seeing good overall consumption, although choppy.
Steven Cahillane: Sure. Thanks for the question, Bryan. First, with respect to the back-to-school program and how we're thinking about the second half, I'd start by actually giving you some -- we didn't say it, but our actual advertising spend in the first half was still up year-over-year.  But obviously, in-store merchandising and promotions and consumer promotions affected by COVID in the first half. As we think about the back half, we were very purposeful in back-to-school, for example, in thinking about what the environment might be. Will kids be actually going back to brick-and-mortar? Will they be doing a hybrid? Will they be staying at home? So we believe our program works in any environment, and it's tied to literature and books and getting books into kids' hands tied to the purchase of our cereals. And so we think it's very good. We think it's very strong. And we think it's very versatile depending on what the environment may end up being. And so the team has worked very hard on it, and I think we've got a solid, solid program. With respect to Pringles, Pringles, obviously, in the first half, we had to lap the cancellation of the Euro Cup, which was huge. And we put a lot of effort into building that program to lap what it had been 2 years of exceptional performance in Pringles over the course of the summertime.  And now as we think about Q3 and Q4, we're taking the same type of approach. How do we put together programs around gaming, how do we put together programs that drive more in-store execution. We have our sales force back in store. So we have a lot more merchandising happening. And the fact that we were able to get to flat on Pringles in the first half of the year, lapping exceptional 2-year performances without the Euro Cup, I think, is a testament to the versatility and the agility of the team, and we expect that to continue in the second half. But it will be -- it will continue to be a challenge.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Rob. It's obviously an important question, and it's an unknowable, right? And we all have our hunches about what might happen, but it's an unknowable what happens with this virus. We expect that right now, we're still seeing at-home consumption obviously elevated. But as we think about planning and giving guidance for the rest of the year, the best that we felt we could do is take a planning stance that says it will decelerate. And in quarter 4, it will get back to a more normalized world. So that you can understand and you can make your own judgments about, do you think that's conservative? Do you think that's straight down the middle of the fairway? It's an unknowable, but it is our planning stance. Same thing for travel and lodging and away-from-home, we expect that that will continue to face pressure. Travel and lodging, probably more so than convenience, which we're seeing come back. We are seeing mobility grow but it's choppy. Obviously, then you have the virus wreaking havoc in many states in the southern part of the United States and that goes backwards. And so from a planning stance, that's why we tried to be as transparent as possible and tell you exactly what we're thinking. And then you can draw your conclusions as to exactly how you think that may change, particularly in quarter 4 and beyond.
Steven Cahillane: Yes, Rob, I think that's right. If you think about just the environment that we're in, this elevated demand has made these categories more attractive than they've been in many, many years. Obviously, that a lot of that is driven by COVID. But it does drive reappraisal. It does drive increased penetration. Our penetration is up and our usage is up. And so these are big opportunities for us to continue to connect our brands with consumers in an environment of elevated demand, making as much of that stick as possible.  And so our whole goal with this investment in the second half is again, to fully spend what we plan to spend, but to come out of this a much stronger company, and we are very confident that we're going to be able to do that. Because we've got good brand plans. We're investing in organic growth opportunities that are more attractive than they have been in many, many years.  And so it's a crisis, obviously, but it's an opportunity for us to strengthen our brands, to make better connections with consumers, to build retailer programs that work for the retailers, that work for us, that work for consumers and drive stickiness and drive brand loyalty and, therefore, come out of this crisis and into next year in a much stronger position than when we entered it.
Steven Cahillane: Great. Thanks, Dave. Good question. And we are very confident that we're going to have terrific ROIs on our brand spend. And the return on investment calculations will be very important as we plan out, and we'll guide exactly where we're spending. But it's also for the long-term, to build the long-term equities and continue to improve awareness, trial, and overall brand health of our brands. The other thing I would tell you is, and this is continuing, with people far less mobile and staying at home, our ability to connect with them continues to be very strong, maybe not as strong as April and May when the lockdowns were very severe, but people are less mobile, they're at home, and we know how to connect with them.  And that's what it's going to be about. So it's digital, it's social, it's traditional, all guided by ROIs and with very attractive categories. Look across our portfolio, cereal doing very well, frozen, breakfast, frozen veggie doing very well. Incogmeato, we've consolidated that launch into the back half of the year. That will be fully supported. And so there's a lot of really exciting things that we're spending our money against and that we're very excited about. But we'll be guided by the right ROIs and the long-term nature of building equities for our brands.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. So I'd start by saying what our supply chain has done in the first half of this year has been extraordinary. And it starts with a commitment to keeping people safe to making sure that we've got the right procedures and processes in place. And none of that has changed. Our plans continue to run at a very high level even now. So we will do our best to stay agile to forecast as best as we possibly can and to make sure that we can execute against any potential upside, and so that's our planning stance. Certainly, we're working on how can we make it better. We're working on rebuilding inventories. Our service levels are still not where they were pre-COVID. They're certainly much better and continue to improve.  But the supply chain continues to really show exemplary performance and their ability to be agile and meet unexpected demand has proven itself. And if necessary, I think we've got a lot of confidence that they'll be able to meet whatever unforeseen future is in front of us.
