Steven Cahillane: Michael, thanks for the question. A couple of things I would tell you. First off, for competitive reasons, we don’t talk about promotional activity. But what I can tell you is in the first quarter, because the pandemic hit so late, it was really a normal environment in terms of pulling back of promotions, not executing commercial activities, and so forth. Obviously, that changes as we get into the second quarter, which is why we’re saying that the second-half of the year, we’ll have some of the deferred investments from the first-half of the year. But the first quarter looked a little bit more normal through really the first – completely normal through the first two months. And it was really the last two weeks of March that saw the incredible changes, which was really too late to change the commercial activities that we had in place. We did increase brand-building in the first quarter, again, for the same reasons, we committed to doing that. So January and February, we were seeing good organic growth, good commercial activation, good pull-through from our programs. But obviously, everything changed once the pandemic happen hit.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. David, thanks for the question. Right now, during this pandemic, we’re really focused on our employee safety, supplying food to the marketplace and aiding our communities when they need it most. This has created an opportunity to invest in our business in the second-half. How that affects 2021, it’s far too early to tell. But we do see opportunities where our products are getting into homes, penetration is going up, consumption is going up. So we’re going to continue to invest in our brands, invest in our people, invest in our business, invest in our company, all with the goal of coming out of this pandemic with a stronger company then we go into it. But it’s far too early to really talk about what the 2020 environment might look like.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Ken, thanks for the question. Obviously, there are one-time direct costs that hit us as we started to prepare ourselves for the pandemic, things like employee bonuses and benefits to our heroes on the front-line to make sure that they’re safe and that they’re being rewarded for what they’re doing for their communities and for our customers and so forth. Warehouse and logistics costs, obviously, going up. When you’re – when you see demand spikes like this, you have to invest to make sure that our customer service is as high as we can possibly make it and a shout out to our customers. I mean, the environment and customers and the way that they’ve leaned in, and almost the – what I call the esprit de corps, among the whole industry has been really inspiring to tell you the truth. And then safety, just safety protocols that are different than what they’ve been, PPE equipment and so forth operating in environments with social distancing, changing the way the shifts go in and out, all these things are costs that many of will be one-time in nature as and when this pandemic is over when a vaccine is in place, when we’re back to a normal environment, let’s say. So to be a little bit more direct with your question, you can think about round about $10 million in the first quarter for us in direct costs related to the things that I just described. Obviously, that was the end of the – just the end of the first quarter, so that would be higher in the second quarter. And so that’s the way we’re looking at it. We’re not going to make any compromises. We’ll make the right level of investments to keep our people safe. That’s the most important thing.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. David, thanks for the question. And I think, I wouldn’t disagree with anything that you’re saying. But the real answer is who knows? Who knows how long this change persists and the magnitude of it. And so I think we can be characterized as taking a prudent approach here. And we think prudence in this very uncertain environment is the right way to go. And I give you really four reasons why we’re thinking about this. One is, what I just said, the environment is incredibly uncertain. In fact, most companies are actually withdrawing guidance because of this uncertainty and we’re affirming guidance. The second is lost activities in the second and third quarter. So you have things like the European Championship in Europe, which is a big event for Pringles, that’s not going to happen. You have the lag impact of investments that we’re going to make in the second-half that are not in the first-half. So that there is a big shift from the first-half to the second-half in investments and there’s some volume that’s going to come out in the second-half, because these promotional activities around sports and other things are not going to happen. The third is emerging markets slowdown. We’re already seeing it in large markets. like Nigeria, where we have a big business. You think about oil-based economies, and nobody ever imagined oil would be where it is right now. Well, that’s going to impact these economies. And so we think we can manage through it. We’ve got the right playbook, we’ve been here before, but it’s going to have an impact. Emerging markets are going to slow down. And then finally, and you touched on this, we will have the flexibility to reinvest in the business to make this company stronger and stronger and come out of this pandemic with very good share positions, very high brand equity scores, people who we’ve invested in, and just a better company. And so we think that this is the right approach. I’d like to think we get some credit for affirming guidance and not withdrawing it. But we think this is the right approach, a prudent approach and the right approach for us.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. David, the answer to that is yes. We need our plants to operate at the highest potential possible in terms of throughputs. So that’s meant really focusing on core SKUs. And if you look at the syndicated data and you look at things like just take ready-to-eat cereal, you look at Blue Box, Frosted Flakes, you look at Red Box Froot Loops, you look at Orange Box, Frosted Mini Wheats, brands are doing very well and growing and we’re really focused on them. Core items and Cheez-It, same thing. How this manifests itself post-crisis? We’ll see. But I would suspect that this is not giving 2021 guidance. But I would suspect in 2021, grocery stores, retail outlets will probably have less SKUs than they had going into the pandemic, but we’ll just have to wait and see.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Rob. First off, North America, the answer is yes. They – they’re performing at a very high level and driving a lot of excellent performance. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Europe is really the business that was benefited from the first-half and because of Euro championship and other things I mentioned, will not have the same strength in the second-half. And then obviously, the other two regions are very emerging market-focused, and I just talked you through some of the concerns around emerging markets. So you’ve got that right. In terms of the away-from-home business in North America, well, let’s talk globally. It’s about 8% to 10% of our business globally: foodservice, vending, C-stores, college, university, schools, obviously, this business was obviously significantly impacted, as everybody knows. And how that comes back when that comes back, how quickly it comes back, we’ll just have to see. The teams have done a phenomenal job at things like delivering food to children who out of school. And so they’re very hard at work at doing community-based things, but the business has really dramatically changed, as you know. In terms of North America, though, it’s less than 50% of North America business. Internationally, it’s less significant. It’s kind of less than 5%, that channel, of our international businesses.
Steven Cahillane: Yes, sorry. So, yes, if you look, obviously, our consumption dramatically outpaced our shipments. And so you can think about inventory in the system being down. How quickly we can rebuild inventories will be a function of what happens with ongoing consumption. And right now, we’re seeing consumption continue quite strong. So the ability to rebuild inventories. Again, we’ll have to wait as we just continue to run flat out to supply the demand that’s right in front of us.
Steven Cahillane: Yes. Thanks, Alexia. So starting with the cereal and share question. Right now, we’re really in a supply-driven market. But we have lost share, and so admittedly, that’s the case. What’s happened, though, as you think about the demands that this pandemic has created, it’s really been, especially most recently, if you look at the Nielsen, what you characterize as the Taste/Fun, the kids segment driving the category, secondarily, the all family segment slightly behind that, and trailed by the adult segment. And so the structural makeup of our portfolio is what’s creating that share loss, because it’s happening in the adult segment, which is up less than the rest of the categories. We’re making progress and gaining share in the kid segment, brands like Frosted Flakes and Froot Loops. And so, we’re not, as you’ve heard me say in the past, we’re not in the business of donating share. But right now, we’re doing everything we can to satisfy the orders that are coming in. And so we’ll stay mindful of the health of our brands. That’s what I talked about investing in our brands and making sure that we come out of this stronger than we – than when we went into it. And so that’s kind of the case with U.S. ready-to-eat cereal. In terms of the recessions in a softer economic environment, which obviously, we just saw the results or the GDP numbers yesterday, the just heartbreaking unemployment figures that continue to come out in the United States, 30 million people unemployed, just shocking numbers. and so, we’re preparing ourselves. And so, some of the learnings from past recessions are entry-level price points are important, family size is important, being mindful, though, of continuing to invest in your brands is really important, because it’s about value for money. And maybe one of the most important things is don’t stop innovating. And so some of the mistakes made cross categories in recessions is a hunkering down mentality, which takes away brand-building and slows up on innovation. And people still want good news. People want fun. They want to try things in an affordable way. And our brands are iconic, they bring joy. And so we’ll be bound and determined to continue to invest to innovate, but to be very mindful of the price value relationship, and making sure that people understand how economic, for example, ready-to-eat cereal is in terms of a meal solution. It’s an incredibly economic way to feed your family.
