Steve Cahillane: Yes, morning Jason. Thanks for the question. A couple of things. Clearly and I hope I articulated this well. Cereal in the United States is job number one in terms of what we have not delivered relative to our performance across the board and so it's obviously a priority. We underwent as you know, a huge pack harmonization in Q1 and Q2 and even it the Q3. And as I said, we are seeing some return to better performance in our taste and fun for you segment and you can see that in the Nielsen, a better performance not where we want to be but modest share gains where we have not yet seen is in special K and frosted Mini Wheats in particular, which underwent a later pack harmonization. And so there is a couple of reasons for that. One reason is, the delay of investment around frosted Mini Wheats more into the fourth quarter based on coming out of the pack harmonization a little late and not really having the capacity necessary. So that's one. And number two is, just really making sure that we get the pack harmonization through before we reinvest in the category. So we are not where we want to be, but we are getting more green suits showing and if you look at even the latest four weeks outlook, four weeks is not a trend. But the latest Nielsen IRI data that's been published shows some of the best performance in the year across the broad cereal portfolio actually gaining share through the October 19, report. So we are seeing some modest improvements more than modest compared to where we have been based on the activities in the marketplace. So we are optimistic that we have the right plan as we go into Q4 and into 2020. The other part of your question around timing shipments and so forth, a lot of that has to do with obviously promotional changes and the pack size harmonization and as we always say, there is always going to be a difference between timing of shipments and consumption. We will always prefer to be obviously on driving consumption and having consumption ahead, overtime retailers and suppliers are only going to get more efficient. It's in everybody's best interest always improve against inventory, bringing inventory down modestly that works for everybody in terms of working capital, in terms of freshness of product, in terms of just overall efficiencies in the supply chain. So I don't think we are seeing anything more than that. But we are pleased that consumption is ahead relative to shipment at this point. But we don't see any over arching theme there.
Steve Cahillane: Yes Jason, I'll start and then turn it over to Amit. Just an important to note, from a gross margin perspective we're not where we want to be we want to continue to drive that. We're very pleased that we're seeing sequential improvement based on the activities that we put in place. From an overall overhead standpoint, we've seen good improvements in terms of bringing the overheads down. When you look at our portfolio relative to others, we don't have a lot -- we don't really have any commodity type of businesses that don't require brand building. So some of our peers do have those types of commodity businesses in their base, which again would change the comparative, but overall I'd say we're driving towards better margin performance. We're pleased to see the sequential, but we know we still have work to do. Amit you want to.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question Ken. The big organizational changes we've made have been in North America and in Europe and if you think back to the past we had different business units really fully staffed business units focused on snacks, focused on morning foods, focused on frozen across different categories and what we've done is, we've combined it into one portfolio, one Kellogg portfolio which allows for much better resource allocation across. You don't have frozen competing with snacks competing with morning foods for investment. You have ahead of categories who is looking across the totality of the portfolio to say where am I getting the best return on investments, what are some of the most strategic areas for us to invest in and driving better decision making because of that as well as a lighter more nimble organization. You also have a sales organization that is much easier to understand from a customer perspective. So you don't have somebody coming in selling snacks followed by another person coming in selling morning foods. You have somebody representing the totality of Kellogg both at the headquarter level and at the store level, which is not only more efficient but also more effective. So it's really in that sweet spot of being efficiency and effectiveness together and by and large that's the same focus that we brought to Europe as well. So it's about driving better resource allocation, better investment decisions, faster more nimble decision-making and we're seeing it happening in the marketplace and we're seeing that come through and better decision-making, faster decision making some of the best innovation we brought to bear in the marketplace this year I think is a direct output of some of the changes that we've made.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks for the question. It's not related to that. So it's the normal course of flavors that underperforming being replaced by new innovations, we haven't seen literally any real change in total points of distribution. So I would say just normal course of business. Obviously, the price package harmonization which was not normal course of business but in terms of SKU rate more normal.
Steve Cahillane: Yes, I’d say don't read too much into it Ken. I think, let's start with Brexit, I mean clearly, everyday there's new news in the marketplace and it's hard to determine exactly what if anything will happen. So we've been cautious in terms of that. We don't know any better than anybody else exactly what may or may not happen. In terms of investment opportunities, we're saying we're on strategy, we're on plan. We're very pleased with where we're seeing the portfolio shape up outside of U.S. cereal. If we have the flexibility, give us the flexibility to make some investments in quarter four, we'll strive to do that to put us in the best possible position to continue to drive the momentum that we have in the topline. And so just very much on plan and if we have an opportunity to again continue to invest for the long term then we'll look to do that but I wouldn't read much more than that into it.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Steve, thanks for the question. I wouldn't say really that revenue growth management by category has more opportunities in one category or another category. We're obviously focused on our big categories and our big geographies. And so, you think about cereal, you think about snacks, you think about frozen in North America and driving RGM activity and progress there. You think about snacks and cereal in Europe being another big area and focused on developed markets first before we think about emerging markets. Emerging markets were obviously very-very laser focused on our strategy of the affordability pyramid and thinking about making sure we have locally relevant foods that are affordable for the local populations is the way we think about kind of the broader RGM strategy there and then develop markets more sophisticated modern trade approach to it. We're pleased with the progress we're making. We're striving towards always driving a better balance between volume and price mix. We're pleased with the type of price mix we've been able to drive this year particularly relative to the last several years, but we're working towards really driving a better balance and always having a volume component as well as a price mixed component that's in the black.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. So I'd say, in terms of the developed markets it's balanced as I said, trying to find the right balance and seeking the right balance between volume and price mix is always important for the long-term and so that's what we seek to do there. In terms of inorganic nothing's really change from what we said, if we find the opportunity to find a great business in a white space in snacking in better-for-you and develop markets that could be interesting, scale in emerging markets is very interesting for us. We're very pleased with the investments we've made in Parati, in Multipro, in [Dufo] and so those are a good kind of template to think about the way we think about opportunities inorganically for us. Beyond that obviously I wouldn't want to single anymore.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Nik in terms of Europe as a bellwether and an area to learn from it clearly is that the European cereal business from a category standpoint is returned to growth and we're growing faster than the category especially in quarter three in the U.K. where we saw some very nice acceleration led by Crunchy Nut and Choco Pops and the learnings there are definitely applicable. White chocolate Choco Pops was a huge hit. They've also got some commercial programs and innovations that have been very successful that the U.S. team is studying for relevance in the United States. Special K actually showing good improvement in Europe and in the United Kingdom really focused on the food. Food being the hero and some of that learning is being applied and as I said even if you look at Special K in the most recent data available some of the stuff that we've brought over from the U.K. and the learnings and the focus on food is giving us reasons for cautious optimism. So, I think broadly speaking the fact that Europe is in the type of growth it is in cereal is an inspiration for us and there is definitely some learning that can be applied to the U.S. but we've got work to do in the U.S. in terms of cereal. We know that. We're on it and when we get that to where we know we can get it I think the rest of the portfolio really shines through.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. I'll start Michael and maybe Amit will add as well. Obviously, we don't give quarterly guidance and we reaffirmed everything we talked about for a full year and so you can obviously do the math from there. In terms of Brexit obviously, we don't know what if anything that will bring and when it will bring. We're preparing as best we possibly can but there's an array of different potential outcomes there and what we like everybody else are watching. In terms of our On the Go pack formats and bringing things in-house we're making good progress there and that's one of the drivers behind our sequential gross margin expansion. So we'll continue to do that. And then, beyond that I wouldn't signal anything about next year. Again it's too early to talk about 2020 guidance and we like where we are in terms of on strategy, on plan. We're looking to do the same type of drive the same type of performance in Q4 and when we talk about Q4 results in February, we'll give you a better outlook on exactly the way we're thinking about 2020.
Steve Cahillane: Yes. Thanks Lauren. I wouldn't, I'd just be repeating in terms of quarter four guidance. We're pleased about where we are on strategy, on plan. You look at where our sales is and we want to continue to maintain that type of momentum which gets us exactly in the 1% to 2% as we guided towards. And as both Amit and I mentioned if we have an opportunity to invest in quarter four we would be looking to do that and so that's kind of where we stand in terms of the full year outlook. In terms of the frozen business and in particular our MorningStar Farms business, we believe we have a competitive advantage for several reasons. Number one, we've got a very complete portfolio. We've got frozen. We're going to introduce refrigerated in the first quarter of 2020 and we even have an ambient offering in our [Indiscernible] that were in test right now that we're optimistic about the potential there. So a full-on complete portfolio we have the scale that is Kellogg from a manufacturing standpoint, from a sales standpoint, from an R&D standpoint. I've been trying our food on a very regular basis that we're going to introduce in the first quarter and I am very pleased with the food and very proud of our R&D team that have really created a best-in-class, a refrigerated offering that we're very excited to be launching. We've had a number of customers trying that as well and so as I look at the totality of what we bring MorningStar Farms, the brand, the heritage the tradition, the insights that we have, the complete portfolio that we have, the poultry offerings which continue to do extremely well, I think we've got a real gem in our portfolio and you'll see more of that come through and I guess I would just end with the fact that even without the refrigerated offering being in the market yet you're seeing a real acceleration as we talked about in our veg business MorningStar consumption was up nearly 11% in quarter three, gaining 120 basis points a share. So we're very pleased with the team and what they've accomplished and believe that the best days for that business are clearly in front of us.
Steve Cahillane: Operator we are at 10:30, so we're going to have to wrap it up. But thanks everyone for your interest and please call if you have any other questions.
Amit Banati: No, I think you covered it Steve. I think the only couple of other points I would make is we were pleased with the progress that we are making in gross margin both sequentially year versus year ago but also quarter-on-quarter. So I think if you look at our quarter three absolute gross margin, its grown 110 basis points versus where we were in the previous quarter and obviously that's going to be a focus area going forward. I think the only other thing I'd say on overheads is, scale in emerging markets as we continue to build scale in emerging markets that will certainly help us from a scale and overhead standpoint in those markets.
Amit Banati: Yes. So let me just start with the divestiture impact. So I think as we've got greater visibility on the transition services as we've kind of firmed up our plants around stranded costs, I think we've got just a little more clarity around the phasing of how this will play out. So it's not a significant shift. I think, we had guided to -4 to -5. I think we're now saying that given the visibility that we now have three months into the process we're saying it's probably going to be -4 and I think that 1% we are saying would probably shift into next year. I think the shift into next year is again really driven by transitions services that we expect now to be longer than what we had initially thought. So that's going to drag into 2020. And then related to that would be when you can extract the stranded cost because the two are obviously linked. And so, I think it's really that timing and that clarity and visibility on the timing that's caused the shift between the two years. And I think, in terms of investments again given this is not a major shift, I think as we head into quarter four a little bit of shift in investments from quarter three into quarter four is what we're looking at.
Amit Banati: Yes. So SG&A was down and I think, like I mentioned in my prepared comments, it was a couple of things. One is the benefits that we are getting from the organizational restructuring dating back to the start of the year. So that was one driver and then the second driver was we were lapping the exceptional double-digit increase in brand-building that we had in quarter three 2018.
Amit Banati: So maybe I'll just start with your question on some commodities. Obviously, we're not getting into 2020 guidance on this call but if you kind of look at where current input prices are and spot rates, we should be looking at little less inflation or in the next year compared to 2019. 2019 as you know, we saw mid-single digit inflation year-on-year, so compared to that we should probably be seeing lesser inflation as we look at 2020 based on where spot markets are.
Amit Banati: I think the only other thing I'd add is just the divestiture impact. So in quarter three we had two months of impact. In quarter four will have the full quarter of impact. So in quarter three NSV or the divestiture impact was about 4 percentage points on NSV and about five percentage points on OP. Given we've got three months in quarter four, it'll be around 5% on NSV and an OP it will be around 8% to 9%. So I think that the impact of the divestiture will be more pronounced as we have three months of that in quarter four. And I think as Steve mentioned earlier, we'd also look to see if we could make some investments behind growth opportunities should we have the opportunity to do so.
