John A. Bryant: Thanks, Simon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. Results for earnings were in line with our expectations for the second quarter. Comparable sales were approximately flat to last year and comparable earnings were $0.92 per share. The better performance we saw in the U.S. Cereal business in the first quarter continued in the second quarter, and we again saw good performance across the international regions as well. The benefits we have seen from our initial investment Project K have continued. And we expect it to continue to build momentum in the second half of the year. We're on track to meet our guidance for the full year. Specifically, we expect: approximately flat currency-neutral comparable sales; a decline in currency-neutral comparable operating profit of between 2% and 4%, including a negative impact of three to four points from rebasing of incentive compensation; and currency-neutral comparable earnings per share to be between flat and down 2%, also impacted by compensation. Our performance in 2015 represents a significant improvement from 2014. And we believe that we are building a foundation for better results in the future. As a result, our improving momentum and increasing visibility into productivity programs are driving our confidence that we will achieve our long-term targets for sales and operating profit growth in 2016. So with that in mind, I'd now like to talk about some of the things that give us that confidence. First, let's turn to Slide 4 and a discussion about momentum. Paul and the team have done a great job of improving the performance of our U.S. Cereal business this year. And while we definitely have more to do to improve category performance, we're confident that we're focusing our investment on the right drivers of sales growth to continue recent trends. We're improving our food. We've invested in our sales force. And we're improving the effectiveness of our brand building. In addition, as you've seen in recent quarters, our international businesses have been performing well. Europe has seen some better results in a difficult environment, and growth has been good in Latin America and in Asia. Secondly, our investment in Project K has helped to drive the improved momentum. It has provided us with the funds to invest in the Kashi organization and a significant number of new sales reps in both our warehouse and DSD sales forces in the U.S. and in our coverage of high-frequency stores, largely in emerging markets. These investments have already had an impact and will help to drive even better results next year. Finally, we've made some significant structural changes to our business. Paul will bring his experience and knowledge to running the North American business. Also, we have recently hired Craig Bahner to run our Morning Foods business. And we've also hired Deanie Elsner, who was most recently CMO at Kraft Foods, to run our U.S. Snacks business. I believe that our management team is now the best we've had in years and represents the right mix of experienced industry professionals from outside the organization and talented long-term Kellogg employees. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Ron.
John A. Bryant: Good question, Andrew. I think it's, as you say, very early in 2015 to give guidance for 2016. What we're essentially doing is letting investors know that we expect to be on our long-term top-line and operating profit growth goals for 2016. And the reason we're doing that, as you look at the performance in 2015, we believe that we're building momentum. It's a significant improvement from where we were in 2014. We expect that momentum to build into 2016. What's driving that momentum is the returns on our Project K investments. So whether that be: the globe category teams and rapidly transferring ideas around the world; the Kashi team and the stronger innovation pipeline we see coming from that business; investing back in in-store execution; feet on the street in our U.S. Cereal business; and the investments in our emerging market capabilities, such as high-frequency stores. Also, we have excellent productivity programs into 2016. We have additional savings from Project K. We have our underlying continues improvement programs. And on top of that, we have the zero-based budgeting initiative. So while it's too early to give specific guidance for 2016, we wanted to give investors a sense as we go into 2016 we do expect to be back on our long-term goals. We could obviously halt for the third quarter call or the fourth quarter call to do that, but we've given a commitment to investors to get back on those goals as quickly as possible, and we wanted to get that out there that we see that happening in 2016.
John A. Bryant: And on the incentive compensation, I wouldn't see us changing our macro plan design, but I could see us working to ensure we incentivize the savings for the people who are driving that program.
John A. Bryant: While it's difficult for us to tease out the additional costs of renovating our foods, certainly there are additional costs in this year from doing that, and there will be meaningful costs over the next couple of years from continually evolving and improving our foods. And we will fund those through a variety of productivity programs within the company to absorb those costs.
John A. Bryant: Yeah, Vishal, I think if you look at our cereal network, as Paul mentioned, we closed a fairly meaningful facility last year in London, Canada that reduced the size of our footprint in North America. The contract that was signed with the union I think is a very good contract. It enables us to be more cost competitive. It gives us operational flexibility going forward. So it has us holding the number of cereal plants we have today open, but we have flexibility within that to change the scheduling and the production of cereal based upon what we need to produce for the category.
John A. Bryant: Well, I think, again, we've run a couple of trials, some projects internally and we've found some savings. Some of that savings have been in areas that we would not have anticipated, such as non people-related overhead costs. And we're also going to apply the ZBB tools into the brand-building element as well, which we are finding significant efficiencies even this year, whether it be in agency fees, media buying, point-of-sale materials, all those sorts of elements as well.
John A. Bryant: If I could add to that too, Ken, I think if you look beyond the U.S., we've seen the Canadian cereal category get a lot better as well. And we're also seeing improving category trends, although they're not quite where we'd like them to be in the UK and Australia as well. So I think you're seeing cereal get on a stronger footing in some these large cereal markets. And even on a global basis, we actually grew our cereal sales globally in the first quarter and in the second quarter.
John A. Bryant: If I answer your question first on 2016, I think the important thing to remember is we are building momentum. In 2014, a tough year for us, we're building momentum in 2015 and we see that continuing into 2016. You're seeing it with continued strong Pringles growth around the world. You're seeing it with the larger cereal businesses starting to perform better, particularly in the U.S. and Canada so far. You're seeing also very strong emerging market growth. We grew cereal double digits across Latin America and Asia. And so that's helping our results as well. And we're seeing these overall trends put us in a better position as we go into 2016. So I think what really helps give visibility to 2016 is the excellent cost and productivity outlook that we have for 2016. Obviously, we'll have Project K savings come through. We'll have continuous improvement programs. And we'll have zero-based budgeting also start to help 2016. So clearly, I'd like to get the top-line growth in place, but even if the top-line growth is lower than we would like, we still have good productivity visibility for next year.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Alexia. A couple of things on that, first of all, we do have an expectation that sales will improve over the second half of the year. We have seen improvement from the first quarter to the second quarter, and we expect that to improve as we go into the second half. We did have some incentive compensation headwind in the second quarter. It's a couple of points impact to operating profit. We do have some of that impact going into the third and fourth quarter as well, though, so that isn't the primary driver. Really it's the sales performance. And then from a productivity standpoint within cost of goods sold, we are seeing our savings ramp up a little bit as we go through the balance of the year. That will help both gross margin as well as operating profit performance.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yes. As I mentioned, we do expect improving trends in operating profit in the back half for North America. And as we move into 2016, as you'd expect, we do anticipate growth in North American operating profit.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Hi, Bryan. This is Ron. Hey, first, in terms of our zero-based budgeting initiative that John mentioned. Timing is absolutely right for us at this point in time. Remember a couple of years ago, we undertook Project K, big initiative for us, touching all parts of the globe. That project is progressing very well. It's on track at this point in time, both from an operational execution standpoint as well as the financial elements of the program. Fact is we already ran some pilots on zero-based budgeting back in 2014, so we've learned from those pilots. We have determined now the application is right. We're going to begin in North America. And actually that gives us some support for confidence in growing profit in North America next year. So we'll roll it into North America end of 2015 and into 2016 and then cascade it across the globe after that. A little bit early for us to talk about savings estimates at this point in time, but it does give us more confidence, as I said, in our 2016 outlook.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure, Jason. In terms of our outlook on our inputs, our productivity, and then input costs. There has been a little bit of a change. Remember when we started the year, we said that all up with the productivity savings, the input inflation and then Project K savings, we may be net a little bit deflationary. Well, as we've come through the front part of this year, we've encountered avian influenza. That is having an impact on our egg costs and that's relatively significant for us. So it's having an impact, particularly on our back half cost structure. So we're expecting it to be relatively neutral now. We do believe our gross margin will be flat, though, to up slightly.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Yeah, Rob, so when we look at benchmarking our SG&A costs, and let's set aside the advertising costs and other brand-building costs and just get to pure overhead, we do find that we tend the benchmark pretty well. But peers are moving on us as well. We believe there's opportunity by executing a zero-based budgeting initiative starting, as I said, in North America and then cascading it across the globe. So we see it as an opportunity for us to be more competitive and perhaps unlock some funds for reinvestment into the business or to drop to the bottom line.
Ronald L. Dissinger: Sure. So first on this variable interest entity, we recognized a gain due to deconsolidating this third-party business. This is a co-manufacturer that was making food for our U.S. Snacks business. It was consolidated into our results over the past several years based on the accounting rules. In this quarter, the business sold itself to a third-party, and that triggered a change in our accounting. If you look at our 10-Q, it's been disclosed in the past and you'll see it disclosed again, obviously, and the impact. It's a one-time non-cash item that we've excluded from our comparable results. Now if we move on to Venezuela, our situation did change in the second quarter in Venezuela. As I've mentioned in the past, we buy a small amount of inputs from outside of Venezuela to manufacture product in the country. And we typically get access to U.S. dollars to be able to do that. In the first quarter, we got access to those U.S. dollars. In the second quarter, we had no access to U.S. dollars. And, in fact, the government has indicated that it is going to slow payments going forward. This created disruption to our business in the second quarter, so we reevaluated the matter. And we determined that the best rate for us to measure the business at was a SIMADI rate of 198 bolivars to the U.S. dollar, but we still remain a priority industry within Venezuela. We do expect to continue to manufacture and to serve our consumers. We have a good business there and we have a great team that's managing in a very difficult environment.
Ronald L. Dissinger: And, Matt, in terms of Project K savings, recall our guidance for 2015 is that we expect savings in the range of $90 million to $100 million. And we're tracking in line with that. Remember we always said that are savings would ramp up as we went through the years. As we look at 2016, at this point in time, and it's early to provide guidance on Project K savings, but we expect savings to be north of $100 million.
Paul Norman: Hi, David. I'd say we've been a little ahead on some of the work we've been doing on cereal, and we have touched all parts of the brand. If you take Special K, where it plays in snacks on crackers, on the Special K Cracker Chips, we are seeing some improving velocity through the renovated foods we've put back in market. However, we're lapping some pretty significant distribution losses. So the biggest issue there is recapturing lost distribution to be able to get that part of the business back on trend. As you go towards wholesome, we did do some renovation on our core bars earlier in the year. They're holding steady. We're just launching, as we speak, Special K Chewy Nut Bars, which is a step-change in food. And that's just entering the market, as we speak, mid-year. So we'll be watching that closely as we look forward on Special K. So the work is coming. The innovation is there. The renovation is there. It's a little behind in Wholesome relative to where it was in the Cereal business.
Paul Norman: We did add some additional reps to the DSD system back, I think it was early last year. And we've had some impact from that. I think what we're seeing on the Morning Foods side of the business is even more impactful, where we've put the feet on the street back on the warehouse side. And as a proportion of the change, the impact to warehouse was much bigger than the impact we did to the DSD system.
Paul Norman: Obviously, we did close a facility last year in Canada, so that came out of the Kellogg business. I can't talk to all the stuff that's going on with our competitors, but I know they're making moves as well. I think the marketplace is pretty rational at the moment. We're seeing a little bit of price realization. We're putting our money, as I said, back into our food. We're investing back into our core brands. We're renovating, innovating and trying to drive those sales fundamentals right through to the store. I think that's where we'll get the benefit. I don't think there's going to be a lot more heavy promotion, per se. I think the category dynamics are pretty good at the moment.
Paul Norman: Okay. As I spoke through in the prepared notes, I think we were a little ahead on Special K again versus where we were on Kashi. We've innovated with on-trend food. We've reinvested in some of our core SKUs. We have migrated the positioning of the brand more to wellness from diet and we've invested and activated heavily. Kashi, we have a bit of a lag because we've had to do quite a lot of renovation to our foods, including GOLEAN, for example, which I'm pleased to say in Q3 2015 will now be Non-GMO Project certified. The rest of the portfolio will go that way in Q1 2016. So we've more or less got through the renovation phase of our work on Kashi. We also moved to put a team back in place in Kashi back in California. That team now is fully functional and in place and we're beginning to see the benefits of the renovation and innovation work they've been doing coming through. So I think you'll see Kashi trends improving in the back half of this year into the beginning of next year. We are seeing distribution losses, which were a big driver of those declines, subside and velocity stabilizing. So I think the recipe or the ingredients are coming together for Kashi to start to get back into growth as we finish this year and move into next year. So I think you'll see sequential improvement from now on with Kashi.
Paul Norman: Thanks for the question, Ken. Obviously, I cannot talk about specific customers. If I focus on our Cereal business, I think what we're seeing is the good return on our focus on driving our core brands better, with better innovation promotions, renovation ideas, and really focusing through the path to purchase with impact for sales execution and that's driving display. If you look at the data from Nielsen, I don't think you're seeing a lot more display necessarily. We are getting more impact and quality merchandising because we're leveraging the scale of these events and bringing fun and news to the point of purchase. So I don't see any relation to the theory you put forward. I think we focus on delivering our business and executing and exciting consumers in every retail environment.
Paul Norman: Hi, David. Two points to probably go towards, one is the data I was quoting is consumption data, so it's actually purchased data, total category's flat. Our biggest six brands are growing consumption dollars and share, so this is being pulled through. This isn't us pushing into the market. We have no inventory issues within the U.S. Special K is interesting because the brand was up. Base sales as the quarter progressed went into progression as well. So when you've got base movement off the shelf, this isn't purely incrementally driven through display and price promotion, it's actually good fundamentals coming through in terms of base consumption. So we know that consumers want nothing more than more goodies in their food when it comes to red berries, and giving them more of what they want, we're seeing them buy more from the shelf importantly. So I think the underlying trends are positive. That's why I feel positive about the future. This isn't share rental or overly pushing the business. This is good consumer demand coming through.
