A. D. MacKay: Thanks, John. While 2010 has been a difficult and disappointing year for the company and our shareholders, we remain confident in our long-term future. We are addressing the major issues that took us off course in 2010. We're stabilizing our supply chain and mitigating the risk of future disruptions. We're ramping up our innovation, and we're adding value back into our categories. We are also fully aware of the tough consumer and economic environment in which we are competing in operating and the degree of volatility that this environment can create. However, we remain positive about 2011 and the future. We expect our core Cereal markets to see category growth with a combination of innovation, price, mix and trade. All of our products offer a strong value proposition, and our heritage as a health and wellness company is aligned with current consumer needs and demographic trends. Regaining our momentum will take time, so we're providing pragmatic guidance for 2011. Our outlook reflects our intent to do what is necessary to get Kellogg back on track. I'd like to thank all Kellogg employees for their hard work and dedication. I'm confident that by working together, we will effectively execute our plans to grow the business and get back to our long-term growth model. And now I'd like to open it up for questions.
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I think if you talk about the four key issues, the supply chain related to the recall et cetera, clearly, that's going to take some time. We're already on it. And through 2011, we believe we'll have everything we need done behind us. The innovation, we're coming into 2011 with a very, very strong list of innovation. So I think as we start the year, you'll see that kick in very strongly. The comparatives will clearly -- they're going to be easy next year given the tough year we've had this year. And I think the learnings we and our trading partners have had across these will help both of us as we go through 2011. So I think that will be relatively fast. And then the deflationary environment, harder for us to truly predict what will happen there. But clearly, with inflation coming back fairly significantly as we speak, we do expect that we will see a fair amount of a net price realization, 200 to 300 basis points. So most of these are we're already working on or have in play. We'll start in 2011. Some will take us time through 2011 to fully complete.
A. D. MacKay: Yes, and I think, Diane, I would just add that the consumer environment with unemployment at the levels it's at by [indiscernible] in Europe is being very tough through 2010. We're not anticipating a massive change as we look at 2011 at this point.
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I think firstly, on the general management issues, we've had nine years of great performance, and 2010 clearly is a disappointment for us all. I think the hardest thing for a management team and in coming to do when faced with a disappointing year is to step back, understand and confront issues that have taken them off track. The team has done that. We understand what the issues are. We're in the process of fixing them and moving forward to address them. We're going to stabilize the business. We're reinvesting in innovation. We're going to keep our brand building going so. We do believe we're regaining momentum through 2011. And hopefully, that will get us back to our long-term targets as soon as possible. Really, I think the confidence in the company is very strong. If you ask about I exercise some options, I have a lot of stock. The bulk of my personal work is clearly tied up in Kellogg. I remain very committed to the company, so I don't think anyone should take any single way from that at all.
A. D. MacKay: Yes, Bryan, I wouldn't call our categories cyclical. I think, if anything, what we saw in 2009 was a significant increase in the category growth. To the extent that when we came into '10, we, probably looking backwards, underestimated the benefits of that in '09. And therefore, the impact is a category readjusted in 2010. The deflationary environment that we've seen this year is not typical for the category, and we believe that that will reverse. So I don't think there's anything fundamental about the category. We feel great about our brands and the categories. And the most important thing is we do have a clear understanding of what we need to do to succeed going forward. It will involve some investment in our supply chain. We think that's appropriate. But I don't think it really changes our desire to get back onto our long-term guidance. And we have the confidence that if we do the right things for the business, which is why we're calling it pragmatically for '11, that we can over time, hopefully as soon as possible, get back in our long-term guidance.
A. D. MacKay: No, Ed, well, I think, really, we underestimated the impact of the recall on our back-to-school. That really did hurt us in Q3, and I think John went through that. As far as the pricing in the category, I think it's remained deflationary a little bit longer than we had anticipated. I have to say we're being as rational as we believe we need to be going forward. And on the pricing environment, we can't comment on specific pricing actions, but I think the experience has shown us that the deflationary environment hasn't helped the category. I think John mentioned we believe this is the best sustainable way to grow the categories to excite consumers. I think our innovations are going to do that. Some health needs are going to do that. Strong brand building is going to do that. We're going to pull all those leaders. And we didn't mention we expect 200 to 300 points of net price realization from a variety of factors, including innovation, price, mix and trade. So we feel good about 2011. The deflationary environment were a little bit longer than we thought in Q4.
A. D. MacKay: Tim, I think when you reflect back when the recession started, the general consensus as people look back and what has happened in prior recessions was that there would be a significant drop off in consumer interest on products they weren't familiar with. I think a lot of the food and beverage manufacturers eased back somewhat on innovation as a result of that, believing that it wouldn't be as beneficial as it had been in good times. As we did the same thing and we've looked at what's going on in the marketplace in that category specifically, as we've discussed with our trading partners, there has clearly been too much of a pullback, not only by Kellogg, but by many companies on innovation. I think our trading partners want it. I think consumers want it, and we are absolutely of the firm belief that that will help grow their category and grow our business. So we're going to be back in full stream as we come into 2011.
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I'm not sure that we would necessarily highlight any major difference between measured channels and the non-measured channels from a promotional perspective. I think as both manufacturers and retailers have tried to keep customers loyal or draw customers in their door, we've all had probably a slightly heightened level of a price-based promotion, and I think that's really not worked very well for manufacturers or for retailers. On non-measured channels, I think exactly the same as measured channels, they're excited to see more innovation come back. They want to support that because they know that's going to bring consumers in their door and grow the categories in a positive and sustainable way.
A. D. MacKay: Well, I think, Ken, it's clear that retailers did promote along with companies. I'm not sure what they're going to do next year and very hard to actually discern what they'll do and what the impact on volume will be. We're just talking from a Kellogg perspective when we give that indication.
A. D. MacKay: I think, Andrew, as we're through late 2009, 2010, we undertook a lot of work looking at how we could drive efficiency in commercial production working with our agency partners. We actually went through an extensive review of media buying practices. You will see a significant shift toward digital in 2011, which I think will be very beneficial. But to answer your question, as we look at the magnitude of amount of spend, we feel comfortable with it. We believe we're supporting the innovation in our brands appropriately to ensure that our message has get through to consumers. And really, it's been an optimization approach through the last 12 months. It's put us in that position.
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I think certainly, outside because it's on exciting consumers through a great innovation and brand building. Actually, we tried to help see the category grow, and that's really our focus. And I think that will be more and more our customers and retailers focus as we go forward.
A. D. MacKay: Yes, I think given we were very proactive and voluntarily recalling the products, most of our consumers, I think, when the product is back and available will return to it. The back-to-school was quite painful because there's the time when the Cereal products most impacted by the line of quality issue. Orders had significant display and that we missed all of that and our competitors opportunistically picked it up. So while it hurt us for the quarter, we don't see any long-term issues. Same is true on Eggo. We anticipated customers' shop resets [ph] to be complete through Q3. Some of that's gone into Q4, but it's progressing well. Consumers are coming back a little more slowly. And part of that is because in many instances, the number of SKUs and the availability is, in fact, to where we'd like it to be. So you add those two things together. We see Eggo also returning strongly to growth in Q4 because [indiscernible] likewise improving as we go through 2011.
John Bryant: Judy, it's John. I think it's a great question, and we are excited about our 2011 innovation plan. I think it takes us back to the levels we're doing back in 2007 and 2008 time period, and we had demonstrated over the years innovation can absolutely drive our top line and drive volume. I think we're trying to be pragmatic that are going into a year, where we're planning to have 200 to 300 basis points of price realization as a company, clearly, that's going to be weigh a little bit on volume going other direction. So as we get our guidance to 2011, we're trying to be pragmatic.
John Bryant: I think it is fair to say that 2010 was a pretty tough year for the company. We had to work through a variety of issues as they went through in the opening remarks. I think we do have confidence in our ability to get back on our long-term growth targets over time and return the business to long-term growth. I think that there are -- as we go through the issues in 2010, we understand what they are. We're addressing them. We're confident in the future. 2011 is about stabilizing and reinvesting back in our business and regaining momentum. So I think given the issues we've had in 2010, we're just being very realistic on the 2011 outlook.
John Bryant: I think as we add the new products into the categories, I don't think the retails are necessarily going to increase the shelf size because there's new innovation coming. And I think what the retails will do is take some of the slower turning items off and swap these in. Some of those might be out, some of those might be competitive. So I think that trade inventory should they feel like is going to be some in, some out.
John Bryant: And, Tim, just to add, across 2002, 2008, innovation was a key driver of our top line sales, and it helps the categories -- it gives the category [indiscernible] fuel back into the category, so it's not just within the category dynamic, but bringing people outside the category back in. And what makes us excited about our 2011 program is we're taking some of the best ideas that have work around the world and bringing those ideas to the U.S. for the Cereal category and that we feel very confident in that program.
John Bryant: Good question, Alex. If I look at the top line drivers, the Cereal business in Latin America was actually quite strong in the quarter of 8%. The issue that we had was more in the Snacks business, particularly in Venezuela. Their issue, as we produce in Mexico and I have to import into Venezuela. And of course, with the exchange rates and transfer of currencies, that business has gone down sharply, given the pricing we've had to take to maintain a positive gross profit. So that online Cereal business is doing well. That's why we have confidence in mid- single-digit growth this year and mid- single-digit growth next year. I think the issue on Latin America more broadly is where the operating margins are, and that's come down over the last couple of years. We're very comfortable delivering operating margins that we have today in Latin America. We think we can keep those margins going forward. So while there's some volatility from one quarter to the next because of timing in various expenses, we're very comfortable with the ability to sustain the current margin structure on Latin America.
John Bryant: I think you're going back to what Ron said in terms of the impact of the recall. The hard costs, $0.08 to $0.09. Is not really volume-related. So we did have an impact from the recall on top line because it disrupted our marketing programs. Obviously, that will help us as we go into 2011. Again, we're trying to be pragmatic because of the level of pricing expectation across the total company of 200 to 300 basis points. In this current environment, that has a degree of volume risk to it. So we're trying to be realistic as we pull together our 2011 plan.
