Jake Elguicze: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the first quarter 2012 Teleflex Incorporated earnings conference call. The press release and slides to accompany this call are available on our website at www.teleflex.com. As a reminder, this call will be available on our website and a replay will be available by dialing 888-286-8010, or for international calls, 617-801-6888, passcode 60148281. Participating on today’s call are Benson Smith, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Thomas Powell, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Benson and Tom will make brief prepared remarks, and then we’ll open up the call for questions. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that some of the matters discussed in the conference call will contain forward-looking statements regarding future events as outlined on Slide 4. We wish to caution you that such statements are in fact forward-looking in nature and are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially. The factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially include, but are not limited to, factors made in our press release today, as well as our filing with the SEC, including our Form 10-K, which can be accessed on our website. With that, I’d like to now turn the call over to Benson.
Jake Elguicze: And Jon, this is Jake. Just following up on the impact of the days in your reference to still maintaining 4% to 6% guidance, it is very difficult to give an exact amount associated with the additional shipping days. But in Tom’s prepared remarks, he indicated that we think that it could have added anywhere from 5 to 6 points, of that, approximately 11% constant currency growth. That was all planned for as part of our calendarization during the course of the year and the 2012 outlook that we had provided. And even ex that using an estimate, we would’ve been square right in the range of our full-year expectation for constant currency revenue growth. And what you’ll see is in the fourth quarter, you will get some less days because they were actually incurred in the first quarter of 2012. So from an outlook standpoint, from a full-year perspective, right in line, if not maybe even a little bit better than what we had originally anticipated.
Jake Elguicze: Good morning, Jim.James Sidoti – Sidoti & Company: Great. Two questions. You talked a lot about the shipping days, but you never said how many extra shipping days were there in the quarter.
Jake Elguicze: Thanks, Operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes the Teleflex, Incorporated earnings conference call. Have a good day.
Benson Smith: No, it has more to do with, I think, conservative planning on our part. When we initiated the price increases at the mid part of last year, our initial focus was on North America and Asia-Pacific, expecting more resistance in Europe, and so we weren’t as optimistic early on that we would get the result of our pricing increase translated into actual results. As we approached the first quarter of 2012 we were pleasantly surprised actually to see that those pricing initiatives were generating more of a result than we had originally anticipated. So it has more to do with our conservative planning than anything else.
Benson Smith: So just relative to the acquisitions, the revenue contribution and in fact the entire financial impact of those acquisitions this year is relatively minimal. So we have not adjusted any of our guidance as a result of that. They’re on the smaller side, and really are just either in the immediately launched situation in Europe or just getting ready to launch. So the impact from those is going to be largely a 2013 phenomenon. Our revenue expectations for 2012 relative, for all of 2012, our expectation is it’s going to slightly exceed price. So they are both approximately in the same range in terms of their contributions.
Benson Smith: So in 2011 for the full year, our GPO business in the United States was the fastest growing segment and was growing about 6% year-over-year. So as a ballpark number, that’s probably the closest number we can give you in terms of what the growth is in that particular segment.
Benson Smith: So there’s obviously some work that was done to be able to get the CE Mark certification that would be included within our R&D expenditure. There is work that’s being done on what I would describe as improvement of the hardware console, improvement to make it, I would say, more ready for prime-time sale in the hospital segment, and we continue to work on modifying our PICC line to make the entire line more compatible with the VPS system.
Benson Smith: So let me answer that – the VasoNova question first, and I’ll turn it over to Tom. We continued to book approximately 30 trials per month. We tend to be right now somewhat carefully targeting where those trials take place. One of the things we’ve learned is that it does require some fairly intensive presence in the hospital as they get used to this, so we’re – and I believe our successful close rate is driven by the fact that we are being very attentive to these trials. So for the present time, we’re continuing to limit those amount of trials to about 30 per month. The trials, as we’ve said before, can take anywhere from four months to sometimes eight months, so there can be somewhat of a time delay between the time we started and the time we actually start receiving some revenue for it, and our general numbers in terms of acceptance continue to hold very strongly at enormously positive ratios. So the big impact, I think, or bigger impact certainly will come starting in 2013 as a result of that, those trial efforts. I’ll turn your last part of the question over to Tom.
Benson Smith: So it’s a little bit the latter. I think Tom mentioned in his remarks and I mentioned in my remarks that we did have some additional shipping days in first quarter this year. It’s always a little difficult to come to an exact calculation of what those extra shipping days might be. We have distributors that are going to order twice a month no matter how many days there are in the month, but we have taken a more conservative view to our results first quarter, attributing some of that to the additional shipping days.
Benson Smith: I think one of the real encouraging things for us this quarter was we really saw almost even growth throughout all of our franchises, not just in Asia but in Europe and in North America. I think our improved results in North America are coming again from really a wide swath of group contracts that we’ve been able to negotiate, and I think also the reorganization of our business into discrete business units just has helped put more short-term focus on products that were neglected before. So it’s a combination of things, and to answer your question, we don’t particularly see this as a result of some, other than the shipping day phenomenon, the result of some short term thing that occurred first quarter. We’re pretty pleased with the strength of the growth across all of our product lines.
Benson Smith: So, yes, and to a certain extent, some of the M&A activities also contribute to the additional need for R&D spending along those particular product lines to either expand out the product offering that may be associated with those acquisitions, new sizes, or to make some final improvements to the product line before launching. So actually a good part of the additional R&D spend over the next several years is tied directly to some of those late-stage technology acquisitions.
Benson Smith: In our price calculations, we don’t count new product pricing in that equation. That helps us from a mix perspective, but in terms of the improvement we’re giving you in prices, that’s just strictly from existing products, year-over-year price improvements.
Benson Smith: So on the whole PICC stage, I think it’s very difficult to compete long term without a really effective targeting system. I think it’s going to be increasingly difficult to compete without antimicrobial or antithrombogenic coatings in that market. So we understand the logic that they saw in putting those two companies together, but from our perspective, it doesn’t – they were both out there before, the products are still out there now. There’s a different label on them or going to be a different label on them, we don’t see it having a real significant difference in the competitive landscape.
Benson Smith: So right now, about, I would say at least half, and maybe slightly more than half, of the accounts that are trialing this have already adopted the competitor’s targeting system and essentially are evaluating this to see whether or not there’s a significant reduction in the number of patients that have to go down for a confirmatory x-ray. The remaining half of the accounts that are evaluating this right now weren’t persuaded enough I suppose is the way to look at it by the arguments of the current product that’s out there that it would be helpful enough to shift over to it. The single thing that they’re looking for during the course of the trial is their actual experience in reducing the number of confirmatory x-rays, and associated with that the ease of use. The amount of time it takes the nursing staff to get comfortable with starting to rely on the device. And our experience is the longer the trial takes, the more likely it is that they’re going to convert to the product because as the trial continues there’s growing evidence of economic benefit as well as a clinical benefit – but certainly the economic benefit of being able to reduce those number of x-rays and a high level of confidence that that’s what they’re going to see after they convert to the product. So we have been sort of not doing anything to try and rush those trials along or rush them to closure. We’ve sort of found that the hospital’s own discovery process about the effectiveness of this is the most helpful thing. And again our experience is is that it’s turning out to be effective in about 98% of the cases in terms of eliminating the need for x-ray and it’s quite clear those cases where they need to go ahead and do the x-ray because the bulls eye simply doesn’t light up. So to answer your later question, there’s certainly an opportunity that’s created by that lengthy trial to interest the hospital in the remainder of our Vascular product line as we develop better relations in that hospital as we’re able to talk to them on a day-to-day basis, and we kind of move from that we don’t know you category into we know you and we trust you category. So we are seeing improvements in our PICC sales as a result of those VasoNova trials.
Benson Smith: So I’ll answer the question about pricing. First of all, our original estimate for the year was that we would get somewhere between 50 and 75 basis points of net improvement as a result of our pricing. We are certainly quite confident in that number as a result of our improvement in Europe. We’ve seen this now for one quarter, so at this juncture, we’re not making any changes and taking somewhat of a conservative approach to what the impact is. But with that being said, we’re pleased to see this reversal occur in Europe sooner than we thought. I’m going to turn over the capital allocation question to Tom.
Benson Smith: The PICC market in Europe in general is not as well developed as it is in the United States. There are some pockets in Europe where it’s more developed, in Italy for example. So we are tending to target those areas that have already had or experienced some conversion over to the PICC market, and we think we’re pretty well positioned there. I would say, again, just given the same caveats that I gave about the U.S., we would expect the same sort of lengthy trials to occur in Europe. Again, even a more economically sensitive marketplace in Europe. So we don’t expect a big difference in our sales revenue this year as a result of the rollout, and probably somewhat even beyond the U.S. in terms of its significance to our overall strategy, our overall accomplishment with the VasoNova line, in particular.James Sidoti – Sidoti & Company: All right. Thank you.
Thomas Powell: Well, we largely are looking for two things to happen back-half of the year in the operating margin line, so you should view those expenses in the first quarter as going away as we move into next quarter. So we viewed them as kind of one-time in nature, but as we move through the back-half of the year, we do expect also have a little bit of an uptick in our R&D spending.
Thomas Powell: Okay, as far as interest expense, you should assume that the first quarter rate will trend through the end of the third quarter, but then a component of that interest expense for the first three quarters is a non-cash charge associated with the early termination of our interest rate swap, so we have some expensing amortized until September of this year. So in the fourth quarter, you should see a drop in the interest expense. Overall, you should be thinking about $70 million or so for interest expense for the year.
Thomas Powell: Okay, so in terms of the purchases, the acquisitions would be paid for in the second quarter, so it didn’t come out of the first quarter. But essentially, given the size of them, we do not see the need to consider raising additional financing to cover this. Rather, we would use cash on the balance sheet for these acquisitions.
Thomas Powell: Well, the cash, they were split, one U.S., one outside the U.S. At this point in time, obviously we would love the opportunity to repatriate cash if there was a tax-efficient means to do that. However, until such opportunity arises, we’re happy keeping the cash where it resides.
