Benson F. Smith: I think it's somewhere between those goalposts. We are -- I think our current view of the macro environment is that it's stabilizing, but not necessarily improving in terms of physician visits and hospital visitations. I think we still see some confusion in terms of what the impact of the Affordable Care Act is likely to be, at least in the short term. Looking at where the villains are this year and in the Teleflex portfolio, it is primarily our respiratory therapy business, our OEM business, and our Cardiac Care business. Specifically, I think we feel quite optimistic that the OEM business is likely to see a good turnaround and be in positive territory next year. So that will -- I think that drag will be eliminated. We are starting to see some encouraging green shoots around our Cardiac Care business with some new accounts that we've won and the introduction of the Hotspur balloon into that product line. The respiratory therapy business is likely to remain our most challenged business in terms of the overall macro environment. But as I mentioned earlier, at least the comparisons between '14 and -- excuse me, '14 and '13 are likely to be more favorable. So I think we're going to see an uptick from where we are this year. And I think we're likely to take a bit of a conservative view, though, with some of the uncertainty in terms of our planning and our guidance for 2014.
Benson F. Smith: Yes, so Vidacare has been growing. Our estimate is Vidacare has been growing in the mid-teens. They've certainly had a couple of recent years that have been higher than that as a result of dealer-to-direct conversions. We've sort of stripped that out in our own model as onetime events. Speaking a little bit about the rationale. There's a couple of really good points we like about this. First of all, they have just really started the process and are seeing quite good growth rates in the hospital segment as well. And so we think this is a really good addition to our vascular sales effort in the hospital. It gives us a broader product portfolio. And so, it's certainly a plus for us from that perspective. With the acquisition of LMA, that is a product line that's also used in the ambulance segment. And personally, we were -- Teleflex was somewhat underrepresented in that space. And so the -- about 1/3 of Vidacare's business is in that hospital environment, so this will allow us to have better coverage and better presence in that segment. And then the bone marrow product lines are one that was a bit -- I'm just going to say, a bit neglected in the Vidacare portfolio. They've just recently started to pay more and more selling attention to that product line, and we think that's going to be a great product in the interventional radiology space. Lastly, I would just say, we see that there's considerable opportunity for expansion over the next several years, in the Asian market in particular. So it's more of a growth play than LMA was, but there still are good synergies that we're going to get out of the acquisition.
Benson F. Smith: So, let me address the OEM circumstance first. This year, we had a higher number of contracts with outside customers that were ending, and the customers had an opportunity to take that business in-house, and due to some of their own economic pressures, decided to do that. I think we've got pretty good visibility in terms of what that's going to look like in 2014, and pretty good visibility in terms of projects that we have been working on this year that will be commercialized by our outside customers next year. It is, I would say, among the rest of our businesses, the most subject to some volatility from year-to-year, based on what's going on with some of its outside customers. So if we looked -- we went back to 2012, they were in the growth rate of about plus 10%. This year, it's closer to minus 10%. Next year, we think it's going to be up at least in the mid-single digits. So I think we've got pretty good visibility in terms of what that's going to look like. And this late in the year, most of the orders that are actually coming in are for next year. So I think we have a pretty good sense of comfort about the OEM business. The respiratory therapy business is a business that is more subject than most of our other businesses to ups and downs in procedures and admissions. I think it is a more challenged business from a standpoint of our overall gross margins. We expect some fairly substantial improvement in those gross margins as a result of our footprint consolidation. And I think, as we look at our overall product portfolio, it's a business that's under review pretty constantly.
Benson F. Smith: So, just to quickly answer your question about the overall impact. Just 2 items accounted for about 100 basis points in what we would describe as nonrecurring gross margin events, principally coming from a needle recall that we had in the Cardiac Care business, and a -- the expenses relating to the opening of the North American Distribution Center that have basically already resolved and are back on track. So that's the quantification of that. In terms of the -- in terms of Vidacare rates going forward, I think our conservative estimate is that this will contribute at least double the growth rate of our non-Vidacare product line over time, certainly, over the next 5 years. It becomes a little less clear as we move out further than that as those markets start to mature. But for the next 5 years, I think we're going to see double the growth rate out of that product line versus our overall Teleflex growth rate.
Benson F. Smith: No. It continues to remain confined to Germany. And our expectation is that, unless there's several other studies that confirm the Shock II trial results, it's unlikely to affect clinical practice outside of that area, and that's what we've seen so far.
Benson F. Smith: Yes. So we can -- actually, we continue to see encouraging PICC pull-through. We saw a noticeable increase in our antimicrobial, antithrombogenic PICC from accounts, even outside of the VasoNova realm. And our effort here is to really get that product packaged with a -- prepackaged with the VasoNova stylet as soon as we can, because of the interest in the antimicrobial, antithrombogenic features. Lastly, we are starting to see some initial use of VasoNova with CVC catheters, and that's an encouraging sign.
Benson F. Smith: One of the reasons that I think the LMA integration, particularly in the field, went so well was that it was a lot of revenue on a product line basis associated with essentially one product. And our observation was that that's much easier to integrate into your -- particularly your selling and marketing organizations that don't have 30 new products to be able to learn. Also, what helped was that the LMA sales force that came with it was very clinically-oriented and were able to quickly pick up the technical information about the sale of the rest of the vascular line. From that point, we see some real similarities in Vidacare, 80% of their business plus is in that EZ-IO product line. It is a clinically-driven product. From what we have learned about their sales force, they're very confident in terms of -- and comfortable walking in and talking with clinicians. So we think a lot of the same factors that helped LMA be a good integration for us, we're likely to see with the Vidacare line.
Benson F. Smith: So for 2014, I'm going to say it's unlikely that we would do another Vidacare or LMA-sized acquisition. The only caveat I would give to that is acquisitions tend to be somewhat opportunistic. We probably wouldn't have done Vidacare as soon as we did, except we're -- we had been following this properly for some period of time and the time seemed right for them to think about selling it. So we don't necessarily have an acquisition of that size planned. It's possible. I think the more likely scenario is you're going to see a continuation of some of these smaller-technology and smaller-product acquisitions, late-stage technology acquisitions. We're just going through the process, actually, of revisiting what our capital allocation strategy is going to emerge for 2014 and 2015. And again, I think we'll be able to provide some additional insight at the analyst meeting in December.
Benson F. Smith: Yes, so the gross margins are 85%. Until we actually close the transaction, we're not ready to go into some of the operational synergies that might occur. And Vidacare's current P&L would be certainly substantially different as a result of integrating the sales organizations.
Benson F. Smith: About 2/3 of their revenue currently is in the United States, and about 1/3 of it is -- I'm giving you rough numbers here, about 1/3 of it is outside the United States. They have really just begun the process of taking over their dealer -- their international dealer operations into more of a direct posture. We actually expect that the international sales provide a robust opportunity for improved revenue growth over the next couple of years. They just recently were awarded clearance for the product in Japan. They're going through the process of getting some reimbursement and acceptance -- clinical acceptance in the product. They're about halfway through the process of getting it licensed and approved in China. So I mean, one of the things I think we really bring to the picture is a very sophisticated international operation that can take advantage of the product's capabilities in markets they have not yet penetrated.
Benson F. Smith: Yes, so the latest conversations I've had with a variety of providers and GPOs, I would say, and just to echo my remarks in my script, that it appears that there's not continuing erosion. I would say that it looks, from our vantage point at this point, that there's what I would describe as stabilization in office visits and in hospital procedures. We are seeing considerable cost reduction efforts on the part of certainly our -- some of our largest customers. So I think they are -- I think that there's a growing concern about what the actual impact of the Affordable Care Act is going to be in terms of what's the mix of patients they're going to see, are they all Medicaid patients. And I think they are, at least, preparing for continued cost pressure in the United States. As we move to Europe, I think we're seeing, again, the erosion appears to have stopped. And I would say, our viewpoint for 2014 is a modest uptick in Europe.
Benson F. Smith: Yes, I think we're going to hold the line and keep any discussion about synergies and integration until after the closing. And in fairness, we're just having our first integration meetings with the folks at Vidacare and are approaching this with a bit of an open mind in terms of what this is going to look like. We've been very impressed with the folks that we've met at Vidacare, and are interested in capitalizing on their talent pool as much as we possibly can.
Thomas E. Powell: Okay, well the $0.10 to $0.15 for next year is largely based on bringing the business into ours. We expect that the integration will go fairly quickly and that we'll be able to realize a lot of the synergy savings throughout 2014. And so as we move into 2015, we're kind of looking towards a doubling of that level of earnings as a result of a pretty quick integration. Then going forward after that, it's largely going to be driven -- our future gains will be driven through the revenue growth that Benson had referenced. Now with regard to the financing, your point is something that we're obviously using the revolver to finance this. Initially, our assumption is that more permanent financing would follow and the costs of that are included in that $0.10 to $0.15 assumption for 2014 and going forward.
Thomas E. Powell: So, I think the -- I believe that the expected amortization next year is somewhere in the $8.5 million range, I believe.
Thomas E. Powell: And then with regard to the tax rate. Just given where the revenues are generated and U.S. tax codes, you should be probably thinking around a 35 percentage-type tax rate. So right now, we don't have significant tax planning benefits that we're able to realize.
