Benson F. Smith: Thank you, Jake, and good morning, everyone. First of all, we are pleased with our second quarter and year-to-date 2017 results and our continued progress on many of our long-range initiatives. After six months, we're spot on on our constant currency revenue expectations. On top of that, we are benefiting from a more favorable currency environment that has a positive impact on our as-reported revenue and our adjusted EPS. Here are some details. From a year-to-date standpoint, our constant currency revenue growth including Vascular Solutions was 14.4%, as compared to our full-year guidance range of 12.5% to 14%. If you were to exclude Vascular Solutions and normalize for the impact of shipping days, our constant currency revenue growth for the first six months of the year totaled 4.6%, as compared to our full-year guidance range of 4% to 5%. That puts us right on track towards the achievement of our previously provided full-year constant currency revenue growth guidance range. We've continued to achieve strong results across many of our strategic business units and geographies. And this performance, coupled with our expectations for the remainder of the year, has allowed us to increase our full-year as-reported revenue growth and adjusted earnings per share guidance ranges. Turning to our quarterly results and beginning with revenue. Despite having one fewer shipping day in Q2 as compared to the prior year period, revenues grew 11.6% on an as-reported basis and 12.9% on a constant currency basis. This includes the contribution from Vascular Solutions product lines, which accounted for approximately 9.6% of our constant currency revenue growth. I'm happy to report that year-to-date Vascular Solutions performance has been in line with our initial expectations and that we have an opportunity to accelerate some distributor conversions efforts into the latter part of 2017 that were originally planned for 2018. As such, we will be making some additional investments in the second half of 2017 to accomplish this. During Tom's prepared remarks, he will go through this in a bit more detail. Setting aside the impact of Vascular Solutions and one fewer shipping day that impacted our results in the quarter, Teleflex posted good growth on a constant currency basis, driven by the performances of Vidacare, which grew approximately 17%, as well as our OEM Vascular North America, Surgical North America and EMEA segments. We continue to see stability within our end markets, good global utilization of many of our products and positive momentum in revenue generated through newly introduced products into the market. We also made significant progress on our distributor conversion in China, and as such, we anticipate an acceleration of constant currency revenue growth in the second half of the year as compared to the headwind of revenue of approximately 60 basis points that we experienced during the first half of 2017. Turning to profitability, during the second quarter, we generated adjusted gross, in operating margins of 55.9% and 25.1%, respectively. The operating leverage generated in Q2 translated into adjusted earnings per share $2.04, which is an increase of 7.9% versus the second quarter of 2016. It is also better than our prior expectations for Q2, which called for adjusted earnings per share to be relatively flat to the year ago period. Finally, during the first six months of 2017, the company continued to generate strong free cash flow and has enabled us to repay borrowings that were equivalent to approximately 10% of the Vascular Solutions purchase price within only a few months after closing the transaction. In summary, we're off to a good start in 2017 and are on track to meet or exceed the original 2017 financial targets that we provided the investment community in February. Additionally, I believe we made good stride to many key areas that will position us well for 2018. That completes my prepared remarks, and I would now like to turn the call over to Liam.
Benson F. Smith: Right. I think there is also some pent-up demand, some of the fact that they had cut back on expenditures for several years, and you can only do that for so long, and really, the population almost demands that there is increased spending against healthcare. So I think we're starting to see the benefit of that as well.
Benson F. Smith: It was approximately $0.12 I think or $12 million, excuse me, and the majority of that went into additional R&D spending.
Benson F. Smith: I think at this point it's a little too soon for us to make a prediction about how we might react to that. Certainly, some of these R&D programs are in the middle of their project life and not a good time necessarily to arbitrarily cancel them. So I think we'll just have to look at how we might adjust for that in 2018 against a broader array of things that are going on in our P&L.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Okay. Hey, Larry. It's Liam here. I'll take this. Regarding the build out of our infrastructure, we have appointed regional distributors. So we actually have all of the regions covered and we've also appointed close on 93 sub-distributors that will obviously get product to the market. We had a review recently on our sales out, which is the benchmark you want to have in China, sales to the end customer. We're progressing modestly ahead of our expectations in that regard, so that's quite encouraging for us. We have our infrastructure from a talent acquisition point of view, almost completely in place. We only have four positions that we haven't made an offer on or have the person on board, so we're really comfortable with where we're at. We're currently going through a mediation process with the distributor and they've filed some documents outlining their inventory levels. We are currently reviewing that. It's difficult for us to tell exactly how much is left within their portfolio. But given the fact that they have continued to sell for this period of time, we would expect that to be pretty modest at this stage, what's left with the distributor, Larry.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: So last year, we grew in EMEA, Larry, by about 1.1%, and this definitely showed the step-up, and the step-up is pretty broad based in the geographies within EMEA. Adjusted for billing days, we're at 4.8% within this quarter. And, as I said, it's broad based; so we've seen nice recovery. Germany was always pretty strong, but we've started to see nice recovery in France, we've seen nice recovery in the UK, Italy and Iberia. And also in the indirect markets in Saudi Arabia, they seem to have overcome some of the oil crisis there, and that has helped us as well, Larry. So the encouraging thing is that it's broad based, and the economies are doing better there, as we all know. So, yeah, we're really encouraged by what's happening within EMEA. And also some of our new products were getting out there into the market, are driving increased demand and we're getting better utilization.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: All right, Scott. I'll start and if Tom wants to add to it and by all means. So, first of all, thanks for the question. I would like to point out that our constant currency revenue growth in the first half of the year was 14.4% first of all. Adjusted for VSI and billing days, our growth is actually 4.6%, which is an apples-to-apples comparison to our constant currency full-year revenue guidance of 4% to 5%. For the first six months of the year, we are right on plan and slightly above the midpoint of our constant currency revenue guidance at the half year stage. We feel good about the reminder of the year as China headwind becomes a tailwind and we feel even better about next year as VSI rose off our base growth and this would add approximately 1% to our organic growth moving forward. So, Scott, we feel in a really good place regarding our guidance.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: All right. Thank you very much. Yeah, Vascular performed well, growing at 6.3% then when I adjust for billing days, you add about another 1.6% to that. So, we're really encouraged. We've continued to see strength in our PICC portfolio, Scott. Our PICC portfolio within North America was up over almost 30%, and we continue to put a focus on our antimicrobial and anti-thrombogenic PICC, because hospitals are very focused on thrombus and infections, and we're the only company that has the solution to the infection. So we feel very confident on that growth trajectory continuing for our Vascular business. And also EZ-IO, the Vidacare portfolio, continues to grow at the half year, it's still growing at 20%, and we see that very sustainable for the remainder of the year.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Hey Matt, it's Liam here. The clinical trials are in order to get FDA approval, so we can't sell prior to FDA approval. So, this clinical trial, and they have advised we need to this one and one more. So we expect to commercialize around the midpoint of 2020, at this stage, that's our expectation, Matt.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: No, there are two trials. So the first trial will finish, is expected to finish in the summer of 2018 and we should have those results. And once we have those results, we will be sharing them with the investment community.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Yeah, Dave. Overall, I think we are very happy with the continued enthusiasm we see for our percutaneous product offering from surgeons. We've had a number of analysts that have spoken to surgeons directly and published. We had a minor setback in quarter two when we initiated a voluntary recall on the Percuvance due to the product falling outside our tight tolerance specification. We identified the issue quickly during quarter two, and we're now back in the market with replacement product. During quarter two, we presented to 14 VAC committees and received 12 approvals. Our sales force is back out there driving the product with great enthusiasm and this recall will not materially impact our performance in 2017, as it was mitigated incredibly quickly by our quality teams. So again, very positive, the VAC hit rate continues in that 80% range, I think that's 86%, 12 out of 14. So again, quite enthusiastic for the product, continues to get traction, procedures that we're seeing it's being used on increasingly are bariatric and gynecological procedures.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Thanks, Matt. It's Liam here. I'll take this. So, what we see is in quarter three, so year-to-date, China has been a headwind of about 60 basis points. So that headwind would disappear in quarter three and it will become neutral or modestly accretive to our growth. And then, once you get into quarter four, we will see it contribute to our growth and you'll see that come through in core volume. Operationally, we are in a good place. We have recruited all the sales talent; they are out there creating demand within the marketplace. And as I said there to you in a recent review I had with the China team in our sales out metric, which is the most important metric, we are marginally ahead of our expectations. So, all-in-all, we feel really comfortable with where we are in the transition from that master distributor in China.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: So, the good news is that, GuideLiner continues to perform really, really well at the half year; that's growing about 17%. Turnpike is also doing really well at the half year; it's about 70%. The other micro-introducer kits is doing fairly well, that's up in the 18% region. No surprises, Matt, thankfully to report. The products are performing in line with expectations. We're getting double-digit growth in the quarter. It grew by 11.5%, and it's been growing in that range since we acquired it. So, double-digit growth continues. I'm really looking forward to when it rolls off our M&A part of our P&L into core organic growth, because it led approximately 1% to our overall growth in Teleflex.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Okay, Ravi. So, you are absolutely correct. There is one French company and one German company that do provide freeze-dried plasma. Both of those went through a local approval process in their countries, and neither are available for in the United States, neither have a 510(k) approval, and our understanding is that there are no clinical trials going on with either of those product categories. To our own potential of accelerating, it's really, Ravi, dependent on how quickly we can get the clinical trials done and get the results published to move on from Phase I trial to Phase II and accelerate that. Obviously, we're working closely with the FDA, because the military wants this product as soon as they can possibly get it, because it does have a serious impact on the troops in the battlefield. To your IP question, the IP isn't on the freeze-drying a product itself, but it's more in the delivery mechanism. Most products today are in glass jars, almost like if you remember M*A*S*H, those glass jars used to hang up in M*A*S*H, the television program. But ours is in a compressible bag, which is ideal for battlefield and also for emergency ambulance delivery of freeze-dried plasma to a patient. So the double valve on our bag is where the IP lies, and we have really strong IP around that.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, as mentioned, we've taken a look at our sources and uses of cash that come in a little bit stronger on the cash flow than our initial expectations. We've been able to pay down our bank debt by $90 million, and we freed up additional capacity on the revolver. And so, as we look out for the rest of 2017, the high-yield is off the table relative to Vascular Solutions, and we expect not to need to put that high-yield financing in years following either. So we believe that we are able to meet our own needs for cash through internally generated sources at this point in time. So it's permanently off the table.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, as we think about the impact for the second half of the year, you know I said it's about a $6 million benefit there, so it would roughly double that benefit on a full year basis and that would put you in the kind of $0.16 to $0.18 additional accretion.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, I think a key point is, we look at our year, we're managing to our internal projections. And so, we're never exactly aligned with how the Street is looking at things. As we look at ourselves through the first six months of the year, what we're seeing is, constant currency revenue is right on expectations, gross margin and operating margin are right on expectations, and the Vascular Solutions integration is proceeding as planned. And where we're seeing some upside is the interest expense, as I mentioned, and that's about $6 million in the back half of the year. We're seeing some benefit from FX as a result of the more favorable rates. And in the first quarter, we got a tax windfall. So as we think about it, those are the areas of upside that we're seeing right now. And as discussed in our prepared remarks, we now believe that we can accelerate some investment for the Vascular Solutions integration. So as we look at those three areas of upside, as well as the investment, we believe we're in position to flow through $0.20 increase in guidance between the first quarter and second quarter raises. Now certainly, if foreign exchange stays at the level we've seen in recent weeks, we could have additional benefit in the future, but right now, we feel as if we're tracking favorably on a couple of non-operating issues, and right on where we expected to be from an operating standpoint for the first six months.
Thomas E. Powell: Sure. Well, as we looked at our cash flow projections, even following the Vascular Solutions acquisition, we always left ample room to continue our distributor to direct conversion strategy and, candidly, to continue to fund business development efforts whether they are late-stage technology or some smaller tuck-ins. Now, we are a company who looks at companies opportunistically, so if something were to come along that were of keen interest, we would certainly take a look at that. So from our perspective, we saw a very quick delevering given both earnings growth and cash flow generation following Vascular Solutions, and we don't expect that to hold us back from pursuing opportunities that appear attractive.
Thomas E. Powell: Sure. So we updated our forecast projections in mid-June at the time the euro was trading around 1.11 to the dollar. We expected Q2 to end up around 1.10, and that's the rate that we put into our projections for the balance of year. So we've got the balance of the year at 1.10, you know as we look past couple of weeks, we've seen a dramatic weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro. The euro's now trading at 1.18, so to the extent it were to stay at that level, we could expect additional translational benefits. As far as the strengthening dollar, that obviously impacts our ability to purchase – or excuse me peso, impacts our ability to purchase from Mexico. And as we look at all of the impacts, we have seen some benefit from the translational side offset on the transactional side. In fact, the transactional impact has been a little bit bigger than we typically see, largely due to some of the other currency moves around the world, including the peso.
