Benson Smith: So our – we certainly saw a considerable strength in our surgical business in North America that was up 9%. We did not see the same kind of strength in the respiratory therapy business for example, which was very low in the single digits, vascular was up 9.1% I think also. So it’s targeted improvement. I think our estimate would be it has more to do with increasing levels of acuity as opposed to just outright admissions given the strength in some of those particular product lines, but not in respiratory therapy which is much more associated with general admissions and that’s the general sense we’re getting from the providers that we talk to.
Benson Smith: There are some other issues with mix that could have some balance, we have mentioned the fact that the single biggest competitor in the chest drainage area has some regulatory issues, we are doing our best to provide an alternative product to our customers here in the U.S. and actually we’re going to be selling every single one of those that we can make from a responsibility standpoint to our customers, it’s going to be good for revenue, it’s going to be good for EPS, it’s one of our lower gross margin products, so it can have a small drag on our gross margins. But I think from an operational standpoint of view, we’re quite satisfied that we’re right on track to where we need to be.
Benson Smith: Yeah, I think the best thing we can do Larry is, is on a quarter-by-quarter basis, keep you up – keep you informed in terms of how we’re doing operationally, what our current currency expectations are where at $1.08, we expect we’re going to hit that 55% number.
Benson Smith: Yeah, so. I appreciate the question despite my useful appearance and balance energy. I do get asked about my potential retirement plans from time-to-time. I just think it’s important for every company to have a some kind of a transition plan. It takes a while to get familiar with all the issues that the CEO might have to grab away. So it’s not an overnight plan at all. We’re – I would say I’m quite pleased with the general level of promotable candidates we have within our senior leadership team. And from a structure standpoint of view, really for the last couple of years, I’ve been doing the CEO role and a good part of the Chief Operating Officer role. So it’s I think we’ve reached a point in our organization development, where quite frankly we need some more attention on [indiscernible] services. This is certainly mainly factored at or move that we’re trying to make here. But I’m quite Liam Kelly asked me when I’m leaving also and I won’t give him a definite timetable.
Benson Smith: So towards the – well, last year we also saw some weakness in China, that was largely due to the sale of our intra-aortic balloon pumps which is a capital equipment of sale. We are seeing that recover. And so that’s certainly a move in the positive direction. During the first quarter of every year, we go through a process where we essentially do renegotiations with actually relatively a large number of distributors and that process is a little slower than what we thought. So we are – we did not see the order pattern from those distributors come in the first quarter, our belief is that that is simply a timing issue and as those agreements are being executed, we’re getting filling orders. So I’m not sure that’s the case with other peoples experience in China right now. In our case, it’s somewhat idiosyncratic situation and we think we’ve got pretty darn good insight into it. And therefore, have a – I would say a pretty good level of confidence that we’re going to see that rebound.
Benson Smith: So we continued to be – we continued to remain committed to our essential acquisition strategy which includes we call them Vidacare LMA size acquisitions late-stage technology acquisitions, dealer direct acquisitions, and I would add to that these [indiscernible] acquisition is really is an example of a vertical integration opportunity, where we had been buying a product from them and it is more of a gross margin enhancement opportunity than necessarily a direct revenue enhancement. We continue to remain committed to that and believe that under the current circumstances that’s where the priority is. I would say just turning to our attention to the Vidacare LMA side of the acquisition, we continue to believe that there is a good pipeline availability of companies out there for us. Bear in mind we have the financial flexibility to do one of these about every 18 months. So there doesn’t need to be – there doesn’t need to be a large number of them out there for us to be able to meet our goal. That being said, we’re pretty darn picky about what makes a good acquisition for us. And our general sense is we get rewarded to doing acquisitions as we get rewarded to doing really good acquisitions. So we are – we continue to maintain a – I would say a lot of discipline around what we’re willing to buy.
Benson Smith: So we – there were some modest head count increases in our Vascular business as a result of the Vidacare acquisition. Surgery, really has remained largely constant at this point, although it’s a targeted area for some modest expansion, as we roll out the Percuvance product line. The adjustments that we’ve made in terms of cost control really come more at the expense that eliminating some smaller divisional and managerial head count versus sales head count. So we haven’t really change the head count we’ve just reapportioned it. And we think that is actually better to have a smaller sales force exclusively focusing in on respiratory the therapy business that’s a very GPO oriented IDN oriented sale. And have that remaining sales force in the anesthesia product lines really just focused on – on their products and their co-point. And so far I think the responsive has been quite favorable. So we have not other than the – other than small addition that came from Vidacare changed our head count. I think David it’s as much due to having kind of a more exciting product lines to sell. And we’re – that helps sales commissions, that helps attract a better group accounted sales people to the organization and all those things are paying off. And I would say for the last several years, we’ve been focusing a lot on sales force effecting this.
Benson Smith: And so it’s probably, so they’re are very different size and very different numbers. I think the best answer I can give to that question. We’ve generated around 100 basis points of improvement in terms of our numbers and over the past couple of years as an average. And we certainly have a free clear line of site over the next couple of years. And I think what you’ve seen in the past couple of years as an average is what you’re going to see over the next couple of years.
Benson Smith: So the short answer is yes, we thought about it a lot, there is a wide range in terms of what the performance of this product line can be. Right now, we’re in fairly intensive clinical used opportunities in leading institutions around the United States and in Europe and getting an understanding from the early highly experienced laparoscopic surgeons where they see this most applicable and to try and understand what percentage of the traditional laparoscopic procedure rate it’s going to be able to I think be able to encroach into. At this point, the feedback we’re getting from the physicians that are using this is quite positive. And again, we’ll have more information to be able to share with you at the Analyst Day. We’ll have one of the leading surgeons in the U.S. that’s working with us on this to give you his view points.
Benson Smith: Yeah. So just answering the question about Vidacare as a pull through item. So I think the short answer is yes, I mean it’s an exciting product to sell. We made really good inroads into the hospital segment in the first quarter. The growth within that unit was right at 31%. It was one of the key reasons that we purchased Vidacare was we felt we could do a really good job with that in hospital customer and beyond the emergency room in the hospital getting right down into their crash car situation. I don’t know that we have a completely exact number. But I would say it’s somewhere between 6.5% and 7% of Vascular growth without Vidacare. So it’s still pretty strong growth even with that accepted. But I will tell you that this growth isn’t happening by accident, it’s taking sales time and sales energy to be able to move it into that – into that segment. And every time we sell a Vidacare unit, it’s the highest gross margin product we have. So we’re certainly not discouraging them from spending a lot of time on it.
Benson Smith: Yeah. So CVCs grew around that rate – around that 6.6% constant currency rate for Vascular North America and PICCs were a little bit lower than that in the Vascular North America area although I would say globally they grew about 18%.
Benson Smith: Not yet. Not yet. Those agreements are really didn’t have any significant impact on our first quarter results where is – what – because we’re in a position to supply from a demand standpoint, we have been quite aggressively ramping up those and we are – just doing our best as we really to respond to a critical situation here. But we are certainly leaning in favor of those institutions and groups that are willing to give us a long-term contract with the product. Particularly given the uncertainty of when the issue may be resolved.
Benson Smith: Yeah. So we could go up to that size of borrowing and still be within our comfort range in terms of total leverage. So that’s what readily available on our revolver, we’ve got opportunities to be able to expand the revolver as well by another $250 million if we were to choose that option, that would take some time to get in place, but not too long.
Benson Smith: Yes. So the short answer to that is, no, we don’t change our pricing in OUS markets based on currency for the most part if we take the hit as opposed to our goods becoming more expensive over there. Europe actually exceeded our expectations, I think that there continues to be a fair amount of economic uncertainty in Europe. So we look at the stability as being good. Our revenue in Japan was really quite good for the quarter, Australia is now since our Mayo acquisition it’s a bigger part of our Asia business and they’re – they tend to be a slower growing developed market. I think for us, our slower performance in Asia was quite limited to China and quite limited to a timing issue I think. So I don’t know that we’re represented of both what’s going on with other countries.
Benson Smith: So the – the, so we’re still obviously trying to get the best deal on where they should be priced. There is an inherent savings just from one to another from a hospital because they don’t have to use trocars in the procedure. The time it takes to finish up the procedure is shortened, so in a busy overall, that’s another issue. The potential for our complications is reduced which is also a cost savings to the hospital. Why are we doing a gradual launch? This is kind of a – I would characterize it as a major opportunity for Teleflex. My past experience is, is that you learn a lot in the first couple of months in terms of actual user experience, in terms of what the benefits are to highlight, what the training, actual training might be to be able to get this introduced. You also have a better understanding in terms of the best initial procedures to target. And all that in my past experience leads to a much better to launch when you have a little bit of that ground work behind you. So this is a big opportunity. Our sense is we want to do this right and make sure we’re deploying those resources in the best way possible.
Benson Smith: So yes, you’re absolutely correct. It was in January’s numbers, so there was a month there. In terms of your question about are they nice to have or need to have them, they generally came to make small overall contributions to our overall gross margin picture. However, it really changes the profile of some of those products from one that’s not particularly worth of sales person spending a lot of time to, to one that is worth spending a lot of time to, so they are quite helpful from that standpoint. And there is often other benefits associated with that as we were able to take over the manufacturing of the product and some of the benefits take several years actually to get integrated into our system. But it means that as we look forward to the future, this is a product we really want in both the resources and selling time again as opposed to being kind of a marginal product for us. And I forgot you had another question, I forgot what it was.
Benson Smith: So most of our footprint consolidation moves affect our vascular product lines. And so the real opportunity for improving any of those product lines really is going to come from the completion of this footprint consolidation. So once completed, yes those would be – those would be an attractive product for us to sell.
Thomas Powell: Well, the way we look at it Larry is that we have a number of planned actions that are against to that target. And as we discussed in the prepared remarks, we’re executing very well against that. And we had a good first quarter performance. So as we look to the fourth quarter, we are still tracking towards those plans that we put in place and we feel good about those. We are raising the spectra that FX continues to be something that’s a bit uncertain and unpredictable and it will have a margin impact for us. And so we’re just raising that as a potential issue now. From an operating standpoint, we feel good about how we’re moving against that plan and look forward to executing the rest of the initiatives as the year progresses.
Thomas Powell: Sure, sure. Well, we – just to kind of make sure that we clarify the headwinds as we updated our guidance on foreign exchange and share dilution. We come up with $0.12 more I guess headwinds then we initially had expected $0.05 from foreign exchange, $0.07 from share dilution. And then we look to what’s going to offset that we have a number of factors that we’re looking at. One is, first of all, Q1 came in a little bit stronger on our earnings and we had expected so there is a couple of pennies there. We also have added couple of smaller acquisitions, which collectively contribute a little bit less than $0.05. And then we also have the refinancing debt, which contributes $0.08 to $0.10 for the year. So collectively those benefits are in the $0.15 perhaps $0.17 range offsetting the $0.12 of additional headwinds. So we feel pretty good that we’re at $0.03 to $0.05 on the positive side from where we started given the offsets.
Thomas Powell: Yeah, Jason. Benson is right. It was – for the first quarter Vascular North America revenue grew 6.9% excluding Vidacare sales.
Thomas Powell: Okay. So on the interest expense, we’re assuming that we’re going to save about $0.08 to $0.10 from an adjusted EPS impact. Interest expense will go down to about $51 million for the year. And that’s...
Thomas Powell: And then just a little more color on the impact of distributor M&A et cetera on gross margin. So as we think about the 2015 gross margin expansion, there is only three key areas that are driving that expansion. The first is operations efficiency, I’ll include the footprint consolidation in that that accounts for about half of the gain we’re looking for this year. We also then have collectively a number of acquisitions, smaller M&A, as well as go to [indiscernible] and that includes M&A, Mini Lap [indiscernible] Korea distributor, Japanese distributor, those collectively account for another quarter. And then finally, if we look at mix that’s the third kind of the leg of this stool. Now that’s the final quarter and that would be driven largely from things like Vidacare growth. We’re also looking at winding down our surgical repair business. We got to focus in Latin America and mixed improvements and I think anesthesia/respiratory, whether focusing on some higher margin atomization as well as just go product. So as we think about it, our gross margin drivers are largely being driven out of operations efficiency footprint. But M&A go directs are help and mix help. So it’s coming from a variety of different angles and then the rest it’s kind of a number of pluses and minuses that collectively aren’t that significant, if that helps.
