Liam Kelly: Thanks, Tom. In closing, I will highlight our three key takeaways from the third quarter and our 2022 outlook. First, our third quarter results reflect the diversification of the Teleflex portfolio through the combination of our growth drivers and stability of durable core revenues. Importantly, we will continue to focus on investment in our future growth drivers while managing overall costs for the business. Second, in the quarter, we augmented our growth drivers with the acquisition of the Standard Bariatrics Titan SGS powered stapler. We expect revenue growth and margin accretion over time as we effectively integrate Standard Bariatrics into the Teleflex Surgical business and expand the reach of this innovative stapling technology. Accordingly, we expect the Standard Bariatrics acquisition to enhance our long-term constant currency growth. Third, we continue to execute against our long-term growth strategy. We will continue to incrementally invest in our high-growth portfolio and drive dependable expansion in our durable core portfolio. We have levers in place to drive further expansion in our margins. And our balance sheet is in a solid position with pro forma leverage of 1.9x, providing ample financial flexibility for our capital allocation priorities, including M&A. That concludes my prepared remarks. Now, I would like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Liam Kelly: Hi, Cecilia, thank you for the question. With regard to pre-COVID patient flow and post-COVID patient flow. So we know that in Q2, patient flow was down approximately 12%. It was down high single digits in Q3 and we know that in 2021, patient visits were also below pre-COVID levels. So you add those together and we're seeing a significant drop in patient flow pre-COVID. The other impact is obviously staffing shortages. Now in the rest of our business and also within the UroLift portfolio included in that, we did see a modest improvement in staffing levels in the hospital side of service. So that was somewhat encouraging during the quarter. And if that continues -- that will continue to be encouraging. With regard to our DTC, we believe that the DTC continues to add value. We're ahead of our targets with regard to patients that we're transferring to urologists. TV actually dominates the way men first learn about UroLift. So it is definitely a medium we want to continue. And our brand awareness for UroLift continues to rise. So it is now at 19%, well ahead of TURP in that regard and TURP is seen as the gold standard when it comes to brand awareness and that's why I'm comparing it to TURP. So we're very encouraged by the results that we have from DTC. And it is our expectation to continue that. We do believe that the market will eventually recover. We do believe the patient flow will improve. We do believe that staffing levels will improve. And when that does happen, we're well positioned to take advantage of it.
Liam Kelly: No, absolutely. So we're encouraged by what's happening in Japan. As you know, I was there in Q2 and met with a number of urologists. The adoption continues to be very solid within the geography. And obviously, this quarter, we will do our first UroLift cases in China which is, again, a good opportunity for us. Obviously, with -- in regards to the LRP, we do need to see the market recover. And I presume you're asking specifically to UroLift, I think that the LRP was a CAGR of 15% for UroLift over the 3-year horizon. And our LRP doesn't actually begin for another 2-and-a-bit months. It was using 2020 is to jump off and then beginning in 2022 as a jump off and then 2023 as the first year. Now as I said already, we do need to see the end markets recovering. We do need to see that patient flows begin to come back. And we do need to see staffing levels improve. And we are prepared when that does happen. Our sales force is fully staffed. The DTC has continued. The clinical data is compelling. The market is still massive. There's still 12 million men in the United States that suffer with BPH. And our patient survey that we did, does tell us that we are getting a heightened level of cancellations from patients for BPH procedures. And as the environment continues to improve, we would expect that to improve also.
Liam Kelly: And Jayson, I would just add, you are correct that the revenue has slowed. But if you normalize for the days in the Respiratory divestiture and you take the midpoint of our guidance for the remainder of the year, it will tell you that our underlying growth is actually in excess of 5%. And that's even with the decline in the current environment with the UroLift revenue. Obviously, an improvement in that will help us. And we have got really good pricing discipline, as you know. And we feel that we will do well in excess of that 50 basis points that we laid out. And we also have the restructuring programs which through the LRP will deliver another $28 million of benefit dropping through the gross margin line through to operating margins. So lots of moving pieces and we're in an inflationary environment and we will potentially lose some leverage this year. But with an improving environment, we'll see what will happen over the LRP timeframe.
Liam Kelly: So I don't want to get into too many specifics of a dollar amount but it's in the -- obviously, clearly in the millions of dollars and it was really impacting the Vascular Access business and the Interventional Access business. Those were the two that were most impacted. We have third-party providers in both of those businesses, one being Tyvek and the other being a third-party extrusion company that's causing us some difficulties at this moment in time. We would expect that to normalize in the fourth quarter and it's part of the reason we're able to maintain our constant currency guidance, that and the addition of Standard Bariatrics.
Liam Kelly: Okay. Thanks, Shagun. There's a lot in that to unpack. So let me begin. As I said earlier, the LRP begins in 2-and-a-bit months, I think I feel confident in the 6% to 7% we outlined and the addition of Standard Bariatrics helps my confidence on the 6% to 7% CAGR over that period of time. I think that, again, reminding people that the 15% for UroLift is also a CAGR. And we probably have an easier comparable in the first year of that 3-year plan that should help us to improve that. Why do I feel confident that patients will return? Because there's a lot of them. There is 12 million patients out there that our target market is the 1.5 million men that have BPH, took the pill and no longer take it. And I'm also encouraged by what I see going on in the hospital environment where staffing levels are starting to improve. Some -- what we've learned from our patient study is some patients are having difficulty making appointments to actually get in to see the urologists. So if that staffing improvement in the hospital moves to the office and the ASC, that should also assist in getting that to come back. And you're correct in your math, it would imply for Q4 an $86 million number for UroLift. And what is considered in that is just the normal seasonality that one sees because of the deductible impact that happens every year going from Q3 to Q4. And obviously, the input from the international markets as we expand over there. So there isn't, in our $86 million, an implied continued recovery. If that happens, that will help but it's not implied in our guide as we've given it today.
Liam Kelly: So I think that Teleflex has always been a company that can carve out pricing even in a nonpricing environment. When none of our peer companies were getting pricing over the last number of years, we were always able to carve out 10 or 20 basis points. I think that we will do in excess of 50 basis points this year. We're tracking ahead of that, Matt, for the first three quarters. And I do think that we will be able to repeat that again next year at least. We are living in an inflationary environment. We're being impacted by it. Our customers are getting impacted by it. We're trying to walk that very fine line where we're being partners with our customers but at the same time, recognizing that we are seeing inflation. Inflation for us is costing us 100 basis points in gross margin this year as a result of what's being passed on to us from our customers. And therefore, there must be a recognition that we must pass some of that on to our customers and in a thoughtful way and in a way that maintains that business relationship with the customer.
Liam Kelly: No, the quarter-by-quarter isn't comps. The quarter-by-quarter, honestly, Matt, is some backorder clearance as we've had a few issues with Tyvek in some of our businesses, it flushes through in one quarter and that's what really -- if you go back to the transcript of Q2, we outlined that we had cleared through some backorders. So it's not particularly comps. It's really the timing of some of these backorders clearing as we overcome some of the supply-chain constraints. And you're correct in your math that we do expect that it is running at just over 14% ex UroLift for the first three quarters. And obviously, we anticipate staying in that region for the remainder of the year. So our high growth ex UroLift is performing well in line with expectations. And once UroLift recovers, that entire high-growth bucket should improve. And obviously, for individuals working their models, Standard Bariatrics will be included in the high-growth portfolio moving forward.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So on that one, normally, what you see in seasonality within the U.S. is a pickup in that, call it, 7% to 10% just based on the deductible phenomenon that goes with that. Obviously, OUS, in particular, Japan has been ramping steadily. And as we advised investors, it's 1/3 of the size of the U.S. and we expected it to ramp at 1/3 of the size of the U.S. And in the first year, the U.S. business has done $5 million and then $15 million and then $50 million and so on and so forth. So if you take 1/3 of that, that would be a good metric for Japan. And we continue -- and the contribution in all transparency in China is very modest within the fourth quarter. So I wouldn't advise building much in for that. We will do cases. It's difficult to get people in and out of the country but we are encouraged to ramp within -- in 2023 and China would be more of a 2023 ramp than a 2022 impact.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Mike, I think the way I'd frame that is that Teleflex pays out the full $130 million, no one will be happier than Liam Kelly because that will mean that the business will have done better than I would have anticipated. I think that when we look at this business, it's a unique technology. And I look at this and a lot of these technologies that gain share, they tend to be evolution rather than revolution. And this really fits into that category. It's right into the sleeve gastrectomy market that the surgeons conduct every day. It speeds up the procedure, you get less leaks, higher burst pressure when you complete it. And all in all, it's being adopted pretty rapidly out there. We have a number of the high-volume users that have already adopted the technology and a high-volume user for us will be someone that's doing 10 sleeves a month. And we're very encouraged by the way it's moving forward. But to your question, if we pay out the $130 million, Teleflex would be delighted.
Liam Kelly: Yes, I'll answer the last bit of it first, Craig. Yes, there's definitely a lag. So it takes somewhere in the region of 6 to 8 weeks for a patient to work through the funnel and have a procedure do. They've got to come in, see the urologist. They've got to do their IPSS score. They've got to do a cystoscope. And then they've got to get slated for a procedure. We did our survey of urologists in August. And we know that, in general, 53% of them are suffering with staffing shortages. But if you look at the urologists in the office side of service, their staffing shortages are more acute. 61% of that category of urologists said that they were suffering with staffing shortages. So I think that the -- I did see an improvement in the hospital side of service. From a staffing level, the office was as it was in Q2, no significant improvement. I will say, Craig, though, as the hospital side of service does improve, that frees up capacity for the office and ASC to improve -- approve. So I would anticipate there will be a lag in the improvement flowing down to the other two sites of service because the hospital is also for contract labor, aren't paying as much as they were a couple of quarters ago. So all of these dynamics will actually help free up some labor into the other sites of service but there definitely will be a lag. And as I said earlier, when that does happen, Teleflex is well positioned to take advantage of it.
Liam Kelly: Yes, sure. So as expected, August was impacted by the vacation season and we knew that was going to happen. But we did see an uptick in the day rate in September as also was expected. So -- and as I said, we saw the improvement in staffing levels. So we're encouraged by the uptick in September coming out of the holiday season in our day rate and that's what is the basis for our guidance for Q4.
Liam Kelly: So with regard to the training, the training was -- in Q3 was right in line with our expectations. So we're ramping to the traditional 400-ish docs that we would train in any given year. So we're on track for that. And that for us is encouraging because it lets us know that docs are still interested in the procedure. They want to take the procedure. We're moving from the early adopter to the fast follower and that is quite encouraging. With regards to visits, the first milestone for me, Phil, is to get to a flat visit year-over-year. We've gone through this year with minus 15, minus 12, minus high single digits. So we have to get the flat first before we get the normal cadence of increase. And even when we're flat year-over-year, that is still below 2019 pre-COVID. So there is a ways to go in the patient visits. And you are correct. Once patient flow starts to come back, there should be a lag thereafter. And then you should see momentum begin to build once the patients are back, visiting their urologists.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So Standard Bariatrics first, obviously, it's a great acquisition for us. We already have a significant call point in the -- with the bariatric surgeon. We sell our mini lap, our percutaneous surgical system. We sell the Weck EFx closure and we sell our cold ligation products. So we already have that call point around it. And this is an opportunity for us to double our sales force in that call point as the Standard Bariatrics and double the number of salespeople that are selling the Titan SGS as well. Regarding M&A, pro forma, we're at 1.9x levered. So we're in pretty good shape. We are active out there in the marketplace looking for assets. The team internally ran some analysis on the Standard Bariatrics acquisition because I'm taking from your question, should you do a share buyback given where your stock is at? And actually, if you're a short-term holder of Teleflex, the staff buyback in the first year might be preferable. But if you're a long-term holder for sure, over the 2, 3, 4, 5, 6-year horizon, it's a significantly better return on Teleflex using their balance sheet to do M&A, rather than do a stock buyback, even with our stock price where it is today. So we've run that analysis. We feel confident we can give shareholders a better return by continuing to bring in attractive M&A into the company, continue to expand Teleflex's reach into new and aligned procedures and that would be our mantra going forward and that's what we're going to execute towards.
Liam Kelly: So with regard to what we know now, that's going to flow through the P&L for next year. Obviously, FX is going to be an impact. We had set up our plan this year. And we brought the -- in particular, the euro to the dollar which is our biggest exposure. We brought that to parity in Q2 for the remainder of the year. And we've updated that and that was one of the reasons for the $10 million call down on euro and other currencies moving because we realigned that rate. That would give you an average for the year of approximately 105 to the euro. And if it stays at parity or below parity, that's going to be an obvious headwind for the next year. We are seeing heightened inflation but we had built in incremental inflation into our LRP in the future. And the first year, your 2023 question, we'll get to that when we get to February, we'll give guidance for the first year of the LRP when we get to February. But as I said a little earlier, I'm still very confident on the overall 6% to 7%. And the addition of Standard Bariatrics just gives me even more confidence on that 6% to 7% over the LRP horizon.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So with MANTA, the penetration is really into the TAVR procedures, where about 75% to 80% of our procedures are done there and that continues to be a focus for us. As we head into next year, what we're really excited about, we've got a clinical study being done on top of the Karolinska one that I spoke about in the call and the Karolinska one was excellent because it basically shows, the adoption curve is really quick for MANTA. And even better, the complication rate is right in line with our original study that we did, the SAFE study. So that's really encouraging. Now we have another trial going on that's going to help with the positioning of MANTA and the use of ultrasound Doppler to position the product which should make it even easier for those surgeons to continue to use the product. With regard to penetration, we see that the penetration level obviously continuing to ramp. It's a $200 million to $300 million market and we're very early in the adoption curve. So we see no reason why that won't continue over a multiyear period.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Anthony, welcome back. Good to have you back on the story. So just to be clear, we'll do around 400 a year in the United States rather than the quarter. In Japan, we're very early in the cycle. So we're really in a few major metropolitan areas. Obviously, Tokyo being one of them. We have added some additional sales reps in this quarter as we continue to prepare for 2023. And again, I feel really confident on the ramp at 1/3 of the size of the U.S. market. So next year, it should be something in the region of 1/3 of about $15 million, what we should expect from Japan. China, we'll do our first case this quarter. Obviously, we're starting in the private hospital sector. And again, we'll start in the major metropolitan centers. We will start in Shanghai, Beijing and Guangzhou and then we'll expand out beyond that. I would like to get the initial trainings done in China before we give too much more color on how many docs we can bring on. But we have identified a number of the key opinion leaders in China and that training will -- as I said, will take place during Q4. Excited about both. I think those are the markets that can really move the needle for UroLift. They're large enough. They've got -- Japan has good reimbursement. We will get reimbursement and put it on to the regional tenders in China, once we build some traction in the private markets and that will take us a few years to do that.
Liam Kelly: Well, Rich, clearly because international has such a lower base, the percentage growth in international is going to be significantly greater than the U.S. So by logic, you will tell you that to get to a 15% CAGR, that the U.S., just by definition, is going to be lower than that 15% in that regard. I still believe that with the number of men that are out there, the 12 million in the United States with BPH and the 1.5 that have BPH and are in the drug dropout category, I still think that growth within the U.S. is well within our reach as an organization. And as I've said a few times in the call, we're well positioned. We got our sales force fully staffed. We got DTC going. We just are back doing a BPH Summit. We did a live one. That's a nice inflection normally for us to get more interest. And we're going to have one in Japan in the fourth quarter and then we'll have a number of them next year again. So things seem to me like getting more towards normal, at least in that regard, regarding access. And to answer your question, so the U.S., for sure, doesn't have to grow at 15% for the CAGR to be 15%.
Liam Kelly: Yes, you're right, Rich. It's easier from a scheduling and that's why urologists like to do the procedure there because they're in control of it. But what you're missing, I think, in your analysis, Rich, is everything that happens before the appointment gets scheduled. So the patient has to come in, has to see the urologists. They have to fill out an IPSS score card. They may do some additional diagnostics on them in order to determine the bladder health of the patient. And then they will definitely do cystoscope, all of that requires labor. Every step along the way requires labor. It's not just about the procedure itself, it's about what happens to the patient flow as they work their way through to get to the endpoint of the procedure and that's what's causing the impact. As I said, 61% of office-based urologists in our survey clearly identified, they had staffing charges. And I was down south in just about -- just over a month ago, visiting with urologists, every one of them mentioned staffing shortages, every one of them.
Liam Kelly: Well, I think that we already have a series of products within that call point. Obviously, it's a fast-growing market. It's a market that's going to continue to grow as we as a society continue to eat more of the wrong stuff. So we do see this as an opportunity for us to continue penetration within the bariatric market that there are some aligned technologies that may be of interest to us as we go deeper into this. It is an area of interest for Teleflex and always has been, as I said earlier, we've got our cold ligation clips in there. We got our facial closure in there and we got our mini lab that we -- our sales force is in there. Regarding turnover, like all medical device companies, we experienced heightened turnover in 2021 right across the border in Teleflex and in UroLift. Right now, we have a very stable sales force in the UroLift area. We have, I think, right now as I sit here today, I think we have about four or five open territories within the business units. And we feel really confident that we're well poised to be ready for the -- for when the market recovers.
Liam Kelly: We already sell staples in our general surgical portfolio but they're skin staplers. And obviously, our Hemo-lok, our Horizon are both, cold and metal ligation clips. So don't see ourselves really going up against the big guys to try and take them on, in more broad stapling, Mike. It's -- the reason we went into this one is because it's so differentiated. It speeds up the procedure. It gives a better outcome for the patient and gives a better outcome for the docs. So this is probably the reason we went into this area of stapling.
