Thomas Powell: Yeah, sure. Well, Vidacare certainly came into the equation in the fourth quarter and that carried the higher level of SG&A expense. I'm not able to obviously understand what was in your model, but was a driver. Then we also had a number of factors that we had during the year, which included medical device excise tax. And we had made some investments in the business. I'm trying to think of a time when those were captured, the third quarter or just sort of the fourth quarter. But there was nothing that was unusual in nature. As you know that, first I would say, the nine months or so, we were pretty aggressive in looking at cost reduction opportunities, given the softness in revenue. As we began to see that we felt that we could cover that revenue downside, perhaps we weren't as aggressive in the fourth quarter, but nothing that I would point to as an unusual or one-time spending level.
Thomas Powell: In terms of the revenue that we have been expecting out of that distributor-to-direct conversion that we completed, it accounts for over 80% of what we're looking for. So in terms of risk, we've captured the big piece of that revenue with closing this deal.
Thomas Powell: Well, here is how you should be thinking about it. As we look at the amortization impact, it's about 300 basis points. We had talked about as we exit 2015, we have been thinking we could be at the 21% range. As you include those 300 basis points, it'll get you up to 24%. So we're obviously still pushing to get ourselves to that longer-term goal of what was 25%, which would now be 300 basis points greater. But that's somewhere off in the distance. We think that by the end of 2015, we can be at that 24% range once you make this adjustment. This is the way I would think about it.
Thomas Powell: So our organic growth is probably best represented by adding our pricing increases and our new product entries. Actual volume growth was in slightly negative territory compared to the prior quarter.
Thomas Powell: We're slightly negative on a full year basis on volume alone. In the fourth quarter, it ticked up, as we discussed. And I think it's closer to flat to up slightly positive.
Thomas Powell: As we look at our balance sheet at the end of 2013, we've got around $430 million of cash sitting on the balance sheet. As we look at 2014, we're expecting to generate again some additional free cash flow, which could be combined with that money already on the balance sheet. So to the point you're raising, our ability to take on additional debt will be somewhat limited until we grow a bit and reduce our leverage levels. As we look at 2014 and think about capital allocation, now this year we generated about $230 million cash flow from operations. If I think about a 10% or so increase in cash flow from ops, next year we're going to hold the dividend the same and that will consume $57 million-or so of that cash. In terms of CapEx, this year we spent right around $63 million, $64 million. Next year, we'll take that up a little bit, in fact up about $25 million largely to facilitate the investments and productivity that we spoke about. And those investments and productivity will help us drive up to 100 basis points of additional gross margin expansion. And so to net those all out, that leaves about $100 million left over for investment in addition to the $400 million that we currently have on the balance sheet.
Benson Smith: Relative to US utilization rates, there is some indication that there was somewhat of a rush to get procedures taken care of towards the end of the year. And it looks to us like the best explanation of that was concerned about what was going to happen to either people's deductibles or to their overall policies as they approached the new year. There is some indication that there's going to be a perhaps some retraction, I think, in utilization. I think the first couple of months as a result of the issues relative to people's insurance coverage sorting themselves out, that although could have been a part of our December results, we don't believe it was a significant part. And again, relative to the US, we had orders trimmed back our revenue estimates for the first half of the year, assuming some confusion around insurance. So that singly really isn't changing our viewpoint of what the first half of the year is going to look like. And in fact, we didn't see anything out of the ordinary in January that would suggest that's the case. And January results were right in line with our expectations. The bigger driver really for the unexpected overperformance in December had to do with back quarter reduction in part. And the biggest thing I mentioned in my remarks was that European customers kind of had a quite heavy orders in the last week of the year. But once again, I would say when we looked at January results, that does not seem to have come at the expense of January results. So I would say we were pretty optimistic that even if there is some confusion in insurance coverage in the United States, that we already factored that into our revenue estimates.
Benson Smith: Yeah. So the biggest risk was actually tied to concluding the Australian distributorship both from a standpoint of size and when it was planned for in the course of the year. So I would just say there are others that are projected during the course of the year. They are smaller in size and later in the year. And so if there is some delay, the potential that they have to negative impact the results is quite minimal compared to what might have happened had we not been successful in coursing the Australian distributorship. So there are some, but I don't think they'll have the potential of significant impact on our 2014 results.
Benson Smith: I would just add, from an overall risk perspective, I think the performance we've seen at Vidacare both in December and then in January again has us feeling a lot more comfortable. And then the coursing of the Australian distributorship again is another thing that's now in the bag and locked down. So I think those two events have de-risked our revenue profile quite a bit for 2014.
Benson Smith: Yes, we took a conservative view to that certainly in the first half. I would say it's probably the cloudiest part of our forecasting how this is really going to roll out. But again, we said at the Analyst Day meeting and reiterated here, we've taken a pretty conservative view in terms of the potential for some negative impact here. And we would expect that ultimately it will be resolved and it would happen certainly by the second half of the year.
Benson Smith: So, as you know, there are different factors. When we acquired LMA, there is also an ambulance utilization of that product. The addition of Vidacare to our product line really gives us a strong enough call point there to represent LMA, which was sort of a weak link in our LMA business. If you just look at the impact in hospital segment for vascular access, it provides another product area to talk about besides CDCs and picks and really enhances our strategy around putting the right product in the right patient at the right time. And I would say there is a lot of enthusiasm about learning about that product within the hospital segment. So it's a little easier to get into see people as a result of having that product in our bag. They're also purchasers of other vascular access products.
Benson Smith: So to a certain extent, Matt, our improvement in the surgical business over the last several years has been in part due just to a revival of attention around that product line. Post-ARROW acquisition, there just wasn't much attention from a product development standpoint from a sales force penetration standpoint. That division has made some particularly good strides in improving its sales force effectiveness and in its coverage. EFX certainly has been a product, one of the late-stage technology acquisitions that gave them a very new innovative product to talk about. Our business in ligation has always been strong. And I think that's just additional focus on surgery has helped drive that. We are a benefitor of robotic surgery and that's helped. And then as I think we look forward, the inclusion of Eon Surgical in that microlaparoscopic arena is quite exciting. We're not going to see a lot of benefit of that in 2014. We'll start to see that show up in a much more significant way in 2015.
Benson Smith: Our commentary just really primarily stems from some confusion around people whose coverage was canceled last year and may not have been restored by January of this year. Our sense is to the extent that there was an uptick in December, that probably was a bit of a rush for people to get things covered under their old plan. As we understand the details, more people are having somewhat higher deductibles, which can be a deterrent particularly early in the year to visit that primary care position. The latest information we have about primary care and especially visits in January seems to be on the downside. So it's mainly driven by some of the confusion around coverage and some of the time it may take to get that resolved for people who intend to and want to have insurance coverage.
Benson Smith: I think we probably said as much as we can say at the current time. I will tell you that since our Analyst Day meeting, there has been nothing that causes us to have any lack of confidence in hitting that 55% goal by the time we exit 2015. Most of the work that's being done is simply making sure we understand the entire task involved to get things done. And we have adequately planned for resources to be able to address those issues. I will also reiterate the fact that we will not by the close of 2015 be able to receive all of the benefit that comes from that effort. And so I'll just reiterate that 55% is kind of the starting point for that. We expect that to subsequently improve for the next couple of years after that as well.
Benson Smith: So I think the near future is the phrase we used in our script today, and I think that's about as definitive as we can be at this point in time.
Benson Smith: So typically, we don't and didn't plan to release actual sales numbers simply on a single month basis. But I'll just reiterate that it was ahead of what we expected in December and ahead of what we expected in January. And our viewpoint at this point is, is that we certainly have a high level of confidence we're going to achieve that annual range we provided as guidance. Should our viewpoint change in either one direction or another, we'll certainly provide that information. And also our expectation at this point is that we're going to achieve all the synergies that we expected to achieve during 2014.
Benson Smith: Yeah, so that calibrates to the 21% we have been guiding people to that if our gross margin is 55%, our operating margin should be in that 21% or slightly higher number. And so this is just adding the benefit of that change in accounting on top of that. It represents no real long change in our underlying expectation about operating margin expansion. It's just we think a more consistent way of calculating it.
Benson Smith: So I would just say, Rich, I think our organic, excluding any impact from any M&A, was somewhere around maybe that 2%, maybe a little north of 2% type level.
Benson Smith: Sure. So what we're referencing in these numbers that we just cited were projects outside of any footprint rationalization. So in our current planning, we are making some fairly significant investments in productivity and other cost improvement programs that will drive this 100 points. To the extent we move forward with any footprint rationalization, that would be incremental. And to your point, the majority of that impact would be 2015 and later. We wouldn't have a significant impact in '14.
Benson Smith: Well, as we talked about, in 2014, we've got a number of initiatives that we're putting forward to drive our sustainable tax rate to lower. And as we start putting those pieces into place and opportunity presented itself for us to accelerate from benefit into the fourth quarter of 2013, and so we took advantage of that. And so that's really the driver. It was single opportunity that we took advantage of. As we continue to look at 2014, as mentioned, we're looking to take our sustainable adjusted tax rate down to a level of about 23% plus or minus 50 basis points.
Benson Smith: We consistently have taken an opportunistic viewpoint towards acquisitions. You can't time when something that's quite attractive to you comes along. And by the same token, we don't feel some compulsion to ask to do one in the next calendar year either. I would say that we are satisfied to the degree to which acquisitions like Vidacare and LMA have improved our overall business portfolio, but a lot of that has come from picking very carefully acquisitions that have that potential for us. And often acquisitions that are particularly good for us don't make as much sense to somebody else who might not be able to have the same synergies that we're able to generate. So the best I can tell you is over the next several years at least, I think you could expect to see more of what you've seen in the past several years from us, which includes some of those larger acquisitions and continued emphasis on late-stage technology acquisitions as they become available. And some of these are distributor-to-direct conversions.
Benson Smith: I think you raised a good point. And that is as that creeps up, the more cautious we are about looking at any individual property. I'll turn over for a detailed answer to that to Tom.
Benson Smith: I think our consistent answer here is just as any business would, we routinely look at our overall portfolio and make strategic assessments about those businesses that we're most interested in or less interested in, in the future moving forward.
Benson Smith: Yeah, sure. So as mentioned, we do intend to primarily finance that. That has not yet been done. So what you'll see in the interest expense in the fourth quarter is that funding on a revolver and we're currently working towards a more permanent financing solution. So our 2014 financial assumptions have made room for that higher level of interest assumed in a fixed rate financing relative to what we're currently getting on the revolver rate.
