Jake Elguicze: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Teleflex Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. The press release and slides to accompany this call are available on our website at www.teleflex.com. As a reminder, this call will be available on our website and a replay will be available by dialing 855-859-2056 or for international calls 404-537-3406, passcode 5857007.  Participating on today's call are Liam Kelly, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Thomas Powell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Liam and Tom will provide prepared remarks, and then we'll open up the call to Q&A. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the matters discussed in the conference call will contain forward-looking statements regarding future events as outlined in our slides. We wish to caution you that such statements are, in fact, forward-looking in nature and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual events or results may differ materially. The factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially include, but are not limited to, factors referenced in our press release today as well as our filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K, which can be accessed on our website. With that said, I'd like to now turn the call over to Liam.
Jake Elguicze: When we last spoke, the low risk TAVR was not necessarily considered in our market size for long-range plan. 
Jake Elguicze: Thanks. Thanks, operator. And thank you to everyone that joined us on the call today. This concludes the Teleflex Incorporated fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call.
Liam Kelly: Thanks, Tom. In closing, we're excited for what 2020 holds for Teleflex. We expect as-reported revenue growth of between 6.5% and 7.5% and constant currency revenue growth of between 7.2% and 8.2%, including approximately 1.2% from the acquisition of HPC.  And despite certain headwinds, we expect another year of strong adjusted earnings growth that is about double the rate of our forecasted as-reported revenue growth.  Looking out to 2021, we remain confident in our ability to grow our constant currency revenue growth between 6% and 7% and our adjusted gross and operating margins to reach ranges of between 60% and 61% and 30% and 31%, respectively.  That concludes my prepared remarks. Now, I would like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Liam Kelly: Yeah. Sure, David. So, really, when we decided on what – when we decided on what products we're going to sell into China, we're very, very selective. So, if you think back to our Analyst Day, some investors were a little surprised that our highest gross margin of any of our regions was in Asia Pacific. A key part of that is because of the products we actually sell in China. We sell the highest end of our surgical products, we sell our coated CBCs, we sell our intra-aortic balloon pumps and we sell our portfolio of laryngeal masks. All products are highly differentiated, incredibly hard to copy.  And that's why I believe that our portfolio in that regard at least is a little bit unique, and we have not seen that same price pressure that we know other companies have been talking about. And I think it's down to the portfolio we sell.  We sell very few of our Foley catheters, for example, because in every region that you'd be selling in, there'd be 50 competitors. Whereas if you're selling coated CBCs with antithrombogenic and anti-infectious protection, there is no competitor in that space. So, therefore, you're not under the same price pressure. So, our selectiveness in the portfolio that we sell in China, David, is really standing to us in regard to that price pressure that others are seeing.
Liam Kelly: So, Larry, thank you very much. So, let's start with sales force in the US. So, we added approximately 20 sales reps in the fourth quarter of 2019. Our original thinking was we would be adding them right about now. We pulled that forward, so that we would begin the year with a stable sales force with all the territories aligned and the team executing at a high level as they have been since we bought it. This business just continues to exceed our expectations, Larry. For Japan, we still expect to be generating revenue in 2021. We do anticipate that we will get the reimbursement approval at the latter half of this year, and therefore, generate revenue in 2021. We have pre-invested and we have feet on the street, Larry, doing market development work in Japan as I speak and we had them in 2019. Once we get the latter end of 2020, there will be some modest additional investment in order to ensure that we start generating revenue in 2021. But really, model revenue in Japan in 2021, Larry, I would ask you, rather than in 2020. And that's what we've been consistently trying to tell the investment community. With regard to the post reimbursement, yeah, there is a requirement to gather some information and we have the infrastructure in place to do that in order to submit that to the government. That shouldn't stop the revenue ramp, Larry. It's a database that we continue to actually collect data in North America as we grow as much as we did in 2019.
Liam Kelly: Yeah, Rich. That's a good question. Rich, nothing has changed in our end markets and there's no big pull here. Let me start by saying that. There's nothing that worries Liam Kelly about that business.  Secondly, let me just say. At the beginning of every year, we're always pretty cautious about moving from the early adopter to the fast follower. Now, we've tried offset that by adding more sales reps and that seems to have done the trick for us the last couple of years. But as you would have asked us to be from time to time, we're trying to be a little bit cautious out of the gate in case there's an impact from moving – the early adopters to the fast followers. But there's no big worry out there from the Teleflex team's perspective with regard to the end markets. I actually spent a full week on the road in this quarter, visiting with urologists, talking to them about the DTC that we were anticipating bringing and asking them to be ready because the one thing that we need as we do this test at national DTC is the catcher's mitt. And I've got to tell you, there was a lot of excitement from neurologists that I met. I think I must have met about 15 neurologists over a week, and there was a lot of excitement about what we were doing in the DTC campaign. And I think the onus is on Teleflex to inform men about the UroLift product being a solution to the treatment of BPH. Our research tells us that, of the men that have BPH and are under the care of a urologist, only about 5% or 6% of them are aware of the UroLift being available, and that's something that we feel that we have to address and we have to raise the knowledge of men out there about the treatment option with no sexual dysfunction.  So, I think that's the way we're looking at it right now, Richard. As we go through the year, obviously, we'll update as we go.
Liam Kelly: Yeah, I think you're right. Acquisitions were not contemplated in our long-range plan. I think to be balanced, Rich, neither were tariffs, neither was FX, neither was the coronavirus, neither was sterilization. And we've overcome all of those obstacles as we've exceeded on our long-range plan in delivering better top line growth and better earnings per share than we anticipated. So, like any long-range plan, there's headwinds and tailwinds.  This was not in our long-range plan. You're absolutely correct. It is accretive to our top line growth. It's actually accretive to OEM's top line growth and it is also accretive to our op margins. And that's obviously why we were keen to get this. But more importantly, I think for our OEM business, it gets us into a really nice space. It gets us into this thin-walled, wire reinforced catheter space that is growing rapidly because the catheter space is moving, catheters have to get smaller and they have to have more torque. And if you're going into neuro procedures, interventional radiology, interventional cardiology, structural heart, peripheral and EP procedures, this is the type of technology that you must have and it was a gap within our OEM business. And we couldn't be happier to have closed it just a couple of days ago.
Liam Kelly: Okay. There's a lot there, Shagun. So, I'll try and do as many as I can. So, on your first point, about 60% of our growth continues to come from existing customers, with 40% coming from new existing customers that we bring on. I can tell you that we have continued to see, since we bought this acquisition, same-store sales ramp quarter after quarter after quarter. And that's one of the indicators that we look for, is the same-store sales and how they ramp. Regarding your part of your question on DTC, we did want to have a catcher's mitt, Shagun, [indiscernible] competitors that we were thinking of doing this. So, that's why we were being a little bit more coy than normal as we were talking about this. As we sat back and done the analysis of our geographic coverage, we believe we have sufficient urologists trained out there, so that patients will be able to find the urologists in every part of America following the DTC campaign. If you go back to 2018, we did six DTCs, six regional DTCs. Then, last year, we did 16 DTCs. So, we've actually got a good base of knowledge on the direct to consumer campaigns. It will be a mixture of television campaign, focusing on some of the cable channels, CNN, Fox News, the Golf Channel, and so on, so forth. But a bigger part of it will be on the complementary digital Facebook ads, Google, PPC, web med, and all of those type of areas. We're very excited to launch this pilot. It will kick off in Q2 and we will monitor the results. The experience that we got from our regional campaigns was we got a nice uplift in men seeking treatment for BPH in those areas. So, if that is the same result we see with the national campaign, then we will consider our options, Shagun, to roll it out more broadly in later 2020 and into 2021. But that would be supported by the revenue growth that the campaign would bring.
Liam Kelly: Absolutely, yes. So, we did make some modest changes to the product based on feedback from our urologists and we believe – we just want this product to be perfect. The UL1 has such a massive reputation out there with urologists, we want the UL2 to be perfect in every way and we believe that this modest change will actually even help the adoption move even quicker. So, we're confident in getting that product launched, getting the 510(k) in Q2 and beginning to do some procedures. It's one of the reasons why some of our margin expansion is a little bit back-end loaded into 2021 because that's when the [indiscernible] of the conversion will take place. So, I'll let Tom go into the details on that.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So, first of all, let me begin by saying, Matt, that the impact of the sterilization capacity issue is contemplated in our 2020 guidance that we communicated today. So, that's the first thing.  As we said in our prepared remarks, we expect the revenue impact to be $5 million to $7 million and approximately $0.06 in EPS impact. And the product categories impacted are Surgical, OEM and the other category for our urology products.  What we discovered as we went into the – early in the first quarter was that it took, though, a little bit longer than anticipated to re-validate some of the cycles. So, we do get this bit of an overhang into the first quarter. Now, $5 million to $7 million, it's not that significant an impact for a company of our size anymore. I think that negating factors are we still have one cycle to finish that should finish the revalidation in early March and we fully anticipate that to happen. And we feel pretty good about our current estimate that we have in our plan and baked in. It does hit the first quarter. And I think the broader point, I think I'd like to make too, Matt, if you give me a second is, we've got two impacts in the first quarter and one less billing day. And then, as you go through the year, what one would expect to see is once corona, sterilization and the day is behind us, what you'd expect to see during the year, you'd expect to see MANTA ramp, you'd expect UroLift to continue to demonstrate strong growth as well as Vascular, APAC and OEM. We'll, obviously, have the acquisition booked into the OEM business there.  And then, as you get through the year and head into quarter four, you pick up that one billing day and then an additional billing day in the fourth quarter, which would have a revenue impact. So, thanks for allowing me to expand on that there, Matt.
Liam Kelly: Yes, absolutely. And first on the multiple, Matt, you're obviously calculating the multiple on revenue. I'll tell you it's a very attractive multiple on adjusted EBITDA. So, I think that we look at this as an OEM acquisition to put capability into that OEM business. We bought a small OEM business few years ago called CarTika and what we discovered following that acquisition was it was a win-win. We were able to leverage their customer base in order to accelerate some of our growth and vice versa then, take our customer base and leverage their product portfolio. And it's the same play here again. As I said earlier, the smaller thin-walled reinforced catheters are the fastest growing space in the catheter business in the OEM space. So, therefore, we expect this business to be a accretive to even OEM's growth [indiscernible] Teleflex.
Liam Kelly: Okay. Thanks, Anthony. So, first of all, the UroLift, let's go there. That's about 3% to 5% of the patient population would be covered by that. I think that would expand the market to that level. Also, the way to look at it is, in the past, the urologists, if they scoped a patient and they saw a larger prostate, they may have decided to go for a TURP or another option, whereas this just expands that market and it just makes it easier for the fast followers. It just removes one other objection for our sales force.  With regard to MANTA, we're still working on the basis that the market is about $200 million to $300 million. We didn't expand it for those lower risk TAVRs, which might add another 10% to the bottom and the top end, Anthony. But what we know today, the 690 TAVR centers in the US, in our fact finding and our limited launch, we know it's going to take us 10 cases to train an interventionalist, five proctored and five observed, and a busy center does around 300 cases.  So, we think we've been thoughtful in the way we've laid it out. We've got 4% – let's take the midpoint of that – let's take $250 million. We've penetrated about 4% of the global market and our plan is to penetrate 8% by the end of this year. So, that's our goal. And, obviously, again, we'll update it as we go on our progress. But we couldn't be more excited about that MANTA product. It's doing really well out there and very positive feedback from the customers.
Liam Kelly: Yeah. So, first of all, on our complex catheters, which is the segment that we book the GuideLiner, we have not seen any slowdown in that segment. It actually had a very robust year. I wouldn't worry too much about the interventional area, Matt. There's a couple of things going on there. We book our intra-aortic balloon pumps in that business. So, the intra-aortic balloon pumps had a really good Q1, Q2, solid Q3, capital spending was a bit light in the fourth quarter. So, even though that business grew in the mid-teens, in the fourth quarter, it was in the low singles. So, there is a dynamic.  And the other big dynamic that's going on in that business is the business that we sold had a really good Q4 last year. I think they did about $3.5 million. So, you're on a top comparable with that business year-over-year. So, those are the two businesses.  I couldn't be happier with that business. That interventional business grew 10%. And we've been saying all year that it will either do the high-singles or sneak into the doubles and really happy with the performance there. Regarding Asia, Asia was pretty much in line with what we wanted as well. Grew 7% on a full-year basis. In the fourth quarter, we did see a little bit of softness in Australia, New Zealand and in India. Just end-of-year stuff that didn't come in as fully as anticipated, but not in a big way. It was a very modest surprise in those two areas, is the way I'd characterize it.
Liam Kelly: And I think, Matt, the way you should look at it really is the only unforeseen headwinds to EPS are the ones that we spoke out. All the others were contemplated as we're building our plan. So, you've got the coronavirus that we weren't anticipating, you've got the sterilization that we weren't anticipating. So, if you just add those two together and take the midpoint, you're talking about $0.10 or $0.12 or something like that in those two. And they're both going to hasten [ph] in the first quarter.  With regard to DTC, we're spending more money on the DTC to do a national campaign, but that's baked into our plan already and that was in our thought process. Now, you're right, on a year-over-year, there is an increase in spend to invest behind that. It should have an impact on revenue and I think making more men aware of this condition would actually help us in the longer term.  As you look at the HPC acquisition, the internal nickname for it was Iceman. So, that's what Tom was referring to a little earlier. That was the project name of the acquisition. So, the HPC is modestly accretive and dependent on what sort of financing we've put in place on that. But we're really excited about that acquisition because of the technology that it brings to us  So, all in all, we feel that if we take a step back, the type of company we're trying to build here and we have built and are building is a company that if we grow, let's call it, 6% on the top, we're trying to double down in the income statement as you earnings to give you, our investors, a 12% return on the bottom. So, that's what we're trying to achieve as we lay out our plans over the next number of years.
Liam Kelly: I would expect to see an impact in 2021, Matt. The reason we want to get this perfect is to make it easier for the clinicians to actually adopt it. And the way it works out there in the marketplace with our sales reps, though not in every case, obviously, but they do a milk run once a month to revisit a urology practice and make sure that the patient outcomes are sufficient, to make sure that they don't have any issues with the product and to make sure that they're touching base with the key customer. And on that milk run, an average urologist, they'll need five cases to be trained. And that's one day's work for a urologist because they tend to stack cases. So, I think that the adoption should be facilitated by the changes that we've made. It also reduces their clinical waste, which helps improve the margins within the office or the ASC. And also, it reduces our carbon footprint. So, I would counter and say, you should expect to see a pickup in margin from that UroLift 2 in the back half of this year and then more to come in 2021, Matt.
Liam Kelly: Absolutely, Chris. So, it would be remiss of me not to say that our collaboration with the FDA has been very constructive. We are all very excited about the product because we all know we can have a positive impact for the military and for civilians alike. We have actually completed all of the testing that the FDA required. You're right, Chris. We were hoping to meet with the FDA before this meeting. The FDA have actually asked us to submit all the data in March and now we're going to be meeting with them in April. That's the current schedule. And we continue to sail these unchartered waters, but I'm really happy with the progress we're making on this product. And I think that the meeting with the FDA in April should really shed some light on at least our thinking around timelines around the BLA submission. So, we're looking forward to that meeting.  Your other question with regard to our leverage and use of capital, as you saw from the announcement today at HPC, we continued to use our capital to do really good strategic long-term M&A at 2.7 times net leverage. We still have capacity on our balance sheet and we're still active. And there are still assets out there that we would be interested in. So, right now, that would be our preferred use of our capital to continue to do really good M&A.
Liam Kelly: So, I'll start with the pricing. So, the pricing in – or the growth in Asia-Pacific, within the quarter, was, you're right, 2.7%, but I don't think we said that was all – that's mostly volume. So, that's really volume of our Interventional Access, our Vascular Access products, it's where the growth is coming from there. From an enterprise-wide, from a company, on a full-year basis, you are correct, we did get about 30 basis points of positive pricing as an organization. That's really coming from a few areas. Our Surgical business took a one-time pricing opportunity, and that was able to drive some pricing. In our Vascular business, in our Interventional business and in Asia Pac, there was positive pricing. The negative pricing normally occurs in respiratory and in EMEA. But if you add it all up, it was positive this year to around 30 basis points, Dave.  The other part of your question is around the buying patterns. So, what we saw there in Anesthesia was $2 million to $3 million of destocking in the fourth quarter. That normally comes back. I think that, on a full year basis, we did see some destocking as an enterprise from these distributors, but it's a smaller impact for Teleflex anymore, Dave. It's just because, in the past, half our business used to go through these distributors and now only one-third and it's a modest impact to Teleflex as a whole and in the fourth quarter and with the bulk of it sitting within Anesthesia.
Liam Kelly: So, let's start with the last one. So, our goal, Mike, is not to run DTC to help our competitors. Let me start by saying that. The ads will be very focused on some of the uniqueness of the UroLift product and it really comes back to all of the clinical evidences out there. There is no other product that you can offer to a patient that has zero new onset of sexual dysfunction and that's going to be a key message that's going to be communicated out there. For sure, what will happen in real life is, as a patient comes into the urologists and as the urologists scopes that patients, if they have issues with their bladder more so than with their prostate insofar that a TURP is required, then that could be an occurrence. And actually, Mike, that won't be a problem for us in Teleflex. As long as the man gets the best treatment option for him to have the best possible outcome, that will be fine. But we've seen with our regional DTCs that the majority of patients are applicable for the UroLift product and I don't think it's going to be any different when we go nationally.  With regard to how long it normally takes, it really depends on the urology practice. Once a man engages with the urology practice, you would expect them to schedule that procedure within the timeframe of about four to six weeks. Once it goes beyond six weeks, I think that – our feedback has been, you tend to get a bigger drop off, but we are communicating with the urology community to make sure that they are prepared and ready for this campaign, and that's what we've been doing since the beginning of the year.
Thomas Powell: Okay. Well, I think as we look at the key drivers of our margin expansion, it will come primarily from the mix of high growth, high margin products, including Interventional Urology, Interventional Access, Vascular Access, MANTA, as well as benefits from the previously announced footprint restructuring program. So, those are the key drivers of gross margin, and that's going to drop down to the operating margin.  When we also take a look at the op margin, what we're seeing is really, despite the investment behind the UroLift, we continue to see their op margin accelerating dramatically as we are better able to leverage cost structure, but we'll see even more of that as that business continues to grow. And perhaps the level of investment, it wasn't as high as what we saw in 2019. So, essentially, what we're going to expect for 2021 is a continuation of these factors that are driving 2020, which is essentially mixed in the high growth, high margin products, benefits from restructuring programs, leverage of our cost structure on both the base business as well as UroLift. And so those are the key components. I would say that, as we look at this, UroLift product will be a major driver of our margin expansion.
Thomas Powell: Right. I think that's the right way to think about it, is that we expect to get the UL2 out midway through this year, but the real benefit we expect to be realized in 2021. So, we're modeling just modest benefits as a result of the beginning of that conversion in 2020.
Thomas Powell: So, as we think about cash flow from ops for 2020, we would expect that to be in the range of $485 million with CapEx of about $110 million. If we look back versus what we expected during the LRP timeframe and the guidance we provided, we're below that for a couple reasons. The largest factor is contingent consideration. So, as a result of the performance of NeoTract, in 2020, we will pay approximately $80 million in contingent consideration above what was previously expected. Or I should say, the cash flow from operations impact is about $80 million from that.  In addition, we put in a couple of new restructuring programs in 2019. And the restructuring expense, the cash expense as well as some of the CapEx is about $27 million related to that.  And then, finally FX has impacted us by almost $40 million as well as the LRP expectation. So, we've had a couple large factors that are causing us to be underneath where we'd expect it to be. I'll say that obviously the contingent consideration winds down as we get into 2021. It will be down significantly from about $80 million this year and that will benefit us as we look at our free cash flow as we go into next year.
Thomas Powell: Okay. So, as we think about the spend on UroLift in 2020, if we look at the total digital spend excluding DTC and then layer in DTC, that spend would be up about $2 million relative to what we had spent in 2019.
Thomas Powell: And then, just going back to the first question you had asked just about the earnings power, I think page 14 probably highlights nicely some of the factors that you could use if you were trying to adjust for some of these headwinds.  Now, in addition to that, you'd want to consider certainly the sterilization impact, which I think we call out at about $0.06. And then, again, on the HPC acquisition, depending on when and how we turn that out will impact its accretion, but its – to Liam's point, it's modestly accretive in 2020, but I think page 14 gives you the highlights of what to consider.
Thomas Powell: Sure. And, Kristen, I think you've touched on the key point, is the contingent consideration as well as FX and some of the new restructuring programs that we've put in place. As we look at some of these the restructuring programs, our use of cash now, obviously, we put them in place because we see that as a longer-term capability to drive margin expansion as well as future cash flow. As we look to where we'll start to see an acceleration, we believe that 2021 will show marked improvement in some of the factors that will cause that. It's just the level of contingent consideration will go down from about $80 million in 2020 to 25-or-so-million in 2021. We'll also see an increase, obviously, in our net income. And then, we will have – as we continue to build the business, we've put more inventory into the channel right now in order to help with back orders.  As we go into the next couple of years, we actually see inventory coming down a bit for two reasons. One is a lot of the footprint moves are going to be starting to be behind us and so the strategic builds to transition from one facility to another will start to go down and we also have some programs in place to greater improve our S&OP processes and otherwise to help take down those inventory levels. I'd also say, another area we'll see some improvement is just in CapEx. So, our CapEx has been elevated in 2019 and 2020 in part due to the manufacturing footprint moves in having to fit out those new locations.  So, those are the key areas that we'll look to see driving future cash flow growth. But really 2021 is a year where you should see some nice acceleration relative to what we see in 2019 and 2020.
Thomas Powell: Well, that's actually a multi-year program. So, we do have a considerable amount of expense in 2020 relative to 2019, but that will even carry out for a couple of years beyond that as we fully implement.
