Liam Kelly: Thank you, Tom. In closing, I would highlight our key – our three key takeaways from the quarter. First, we delivered a strong first quarter with top and bottom line performance better than our expectations. Second, we announced another restructuring program that reflects our organizational efforts for continuous improvement. This action also contributes to our confidence in long-term margin expansion efforts. And third, we raised our revenue and adjusted earnings per share guidance, reflecting a strong quarter 1 and our outlook for the remainder of the year. I would like to finish by thanking the entire Teleflex team around the world who have worked tirelessly through the pandemic. As we begin to come out the other side of COVID, we will continue to meet our commitments to our patients, clinicians, communities and, of course, our shareholders. That concludes my prepared remarks. Now I would like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Rich, thank you very much for the question. So we are quoting the trends in 2020 pre-COVID. On a days adjusted basis in Q1 2020, even with the impact of COVID in the last few days of – or the last week of March, we grew approximately 26-plus percent in the prior year. So we are very encouraged by the trends that we saw in the month of April. So at different times through the impact of COVID as we got into November last year, Rich, we did see days that we got back to a pre-COVID level on an average daily sales basis. But we have not seen the consistency where it remains for a sequential number of weeks until the month of April and that is very, very encouraging to us. And I will say – and the other data point, I think, is worth looking at is if you compare UroLift growth in this Q1 of 2021 and you compare that back to Q1 of 2019, that is approximately 30%. So we’re very pleased to be able to reiterate our full year expectation for UroLift, a plus 30% growth and the trends that we’ve seen in the last few weeks of March, but more importantly, in the first few weeks of April, have given us the confidence that we will definitely be able to reiterate that long-term – or that full year guidance.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So I wouldn’t call the trend sluggish in the first quarter. Let’s not forget, in January and February, COVID was much more severe than it was in the fourth quarter. And for us to be able to deliver a growth of approximately 2% in Q1 compared – consistent with Q4, I would see that as an achievement. Another little bit of color I would give you, Rich, is that in the first two months, January and February, we had a decline of approximately minus 8% for UroLift. And in the month of March, it was positive north of 30% in absolute growth year-over-year in the month of March. And we continued, as I said earlier, to see that improving trend as we went into April. So we feel really positive about UroLift. Nothing has changed in the end markets, and we’re still very positive. As anticipated, the President of the business units did leave at the end of the year, but we have an industry veteran coming in to take over that business unit, and the core team is still there. Our turnover in that business unit is significantly less than our turnover in any other part of Teleflex. And Teleflex turnover is well below industry averages. I’ve said it many times, Rich, you just can’t beat culture and our people will stay within Teleflex because of the culture and because of the significant opportunities within there. So no significant changes within the organization below the President level.
Liam Kelly: Okay. So again, we’ve again reiterated our plus 30% growth for UroLift in the year. And regarding the growth in France and Japan, we see those as incremental growth to our normalized growth levels for UroLift. We see that the growth and the recovery in our UroLift is going to be really a U.S. phenomenon this year, and we would advise the investment community to focus on the U.S. market. We will generate some revenue in Japan, but we have a mandated registration study to complete and gather some data. So I would really see Japan ramp and France ramp for that matter, as really being a 2022 story, where you see the incremental revenue really start to gain momentum. And as I said earlier, I would see that as an incremental growth driver into the future. With regard to the UL2, we still expect that we will have the key North American market pretty much converted by the end of 2022, and we will have an uptick in our gross margins of 4-fold percentage points, which will account for about 40 basis points for Teleflex in our entirety. Regarding DTC, we are very encouraged by what we saw last year with our DTC campaign. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we are planning to run the DTC campaign for a full year. Because of some of the learnings that we’ve made during that time, we’re doubling the spend, but we’re more than doubling the number of impressions we anticipate making. So we expect to make about 125%-plus additional impressions with the campaign in 2021 as compared to 2020. We are also very encouraged by the number of patients that engage with the urologist and encouraged by what we – the appointment levels that we see being generated out of that. So we are investing more heavily behind DTC by rolling it out for a full year in 2021 compared to 2020. So – and in a recovering COVID environment, there are many patients that we have put under the care of a urologist through the DTC campaign that should turn into procedures now that people feel more confident to go back in and get procedures done in the back half of this year, 2021.
Liam Kelly: Thank you. Yes. So the integration is going exceptionally well. The Z-Medica team are very welcome to the Teleflex family. We are seeing no turnover within our identified retention pool. We have approximately 21 work streams in the integration, and we’re about 35% completed already. Regarding the $60 million to $70 million and the $0.21 to $0.26 in earnings guide that we gave, we feel we’re very comfortably within that $60 million to $70 million, and the product is doing better than we would have anticipated right out of the gate. So we’re really happy with how things are going with Z-Medica.
Liam Kelly: So traditionally, about 2/3 of our growth comes from existing and 1/3 comes from new users. We haven’t seen any significant change in that. As we got to the fourth quarter and discontinued within the first, we’re seeing the average number of procedures being done by urologist holding pretty firmly, and that’s quite encouraging. One thing that we did see in the first quarter and during COVID, we saw the percentage shift out of the hospital to the ASC and the office in the midst of COVID, and we saw a few percentage points swing. We’ve actually seen some of that swing back into the hospital as patients now feel more confident going back into the hospital and getting the cases done. So we’re very encouraged by that because our procedure is done in all sites of service. It’s done in the hospital, the ASC and the office. And as we see all of those sites of service begin to come back, as we did in the first few weeks of April, the trends are really encouraging for UroLift, Matt.
Liam Kelly: Well, we know what the canceled procedures were, Matt, in the first quarter, and we know what they were in the second quarter. So we’ve taken the baseline cancellations of 2019, and we have the data on the additional cancellations. So – and cancellations in the first quarter were higher than the fourth quarter as we’d expect because COVID was more aggressive, and we hit record peaks in January and February, in particular. So we had 850 cases, which would equate to around $4 million in the fourth quarter, and we had just shy of 920 in the first quarter. So it’s over $4 million of canceled procedures over the base rates. So those canceled procedures, one would imagine, will come back at some stage as people feel more confident in coming back and having them done. So we’re feeling really good about UroLift as it is right there. And of course, as we said earlier, we got the incremental growth drivers then coming in later into the year and into 2022, such as Japan, France and other geographies.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Larry. So we are – we’ve all the documentations prepared and submitted to the authorities. And – sorry, we will have them in time for the June meeting, whether they review them in the June meeting, we do not know. But if they don’t review it and give a decision in June, they will give a decision in December or in – pardon me, in September. So that’s the gating point, Larry, as to when we will get a decision on the reimbursement in Japan. As soon as we get that decision, we will begin to do procedures, to comply to the PMDA mandated study that we have to do. We’ve already have the team on the ground. We’ve got the market development specialists on the ground. We’ve already begun to recruit additional sales individuals on the ground in anticipation of getting that reimbursement decision. And Japan has a n advantage over what we had to do in the United States insofar is that it’s a single- payer market. So once we get reimbursement, we have a reimbursement across all sites through the entirety of Japan. And I think then we would see the revenue in Japan ramp as we go through 2020 and beyond. And again, I’ll reiterate what I said, we see this as an addition to the normalized growth levels of UroLift over and above what we’ve seen in predominantly the United States.
Liam Kelly: Excuse me. No, we have regulatory clearance already, Larry, pardon me. I was talking about reimbursement submission.
Liam Kelly: Well, I would first say that in the first quarter, we had an incredibly clean quarter from a corona standpoint in manufacturing. And then also to the point you’ve raised, as we look at the recovery in the back half of the year, we – I should say, in the first quarter, both EMEA and OEM had about 70% constant currency declines in revenue. As we look to the back half of the year, we expect both of those businesses to move into positive territory, and that’s going to have an adverse impact on our mix. And that will partially offset some of the higher growth from UroLift and other high- margin brands. Now obviously, we’re waiting to see how the recovery plays out over the next couple of weeks and months. And hopefully, as we continue through the year, we continue to see favorability in the gross margin line.
Liam Kelly: So Matt, it should lag about a quarter. So you should expect to see a beginning in quarter two a recovery. And then in the back half of the year, you should definitely see it start to pick up. So it will lag by about a quarter. So my expectation would be that OEM results in Q2 would be better than they were clearly in this quarter, and then you’ll get into positive countries get into the back half of the year. An OEM for the full year should grow in that mid single-digit growth rate over all.
Liam Kelly: So we’re seeing no changes in the marketplace. I think that year-over-year growth in this environment is a tough one to call because you don’t know what happened in the prior year with some of these companies. So I can tell you, last quarter, when Teleflex in our entirety, we grew 5.5% on a days adjusted basis. So – and if you look at our growth in Teleflex and our entirety in 2019, constant currency days adjusted, we grew 5.8% over 2019. So we feel that the momentum swing is really moving favorably for us. And we also see no changes in the end markets. At the end of the day, it all comes down to patient outcomes that no sexual dysfunction, will the man have to wear a catheter and revision rates for UroLift that are comparable to the gold standards tough. And of course, don’t forget that the man has a choice with UroLift were to get procedure done. Do they want to go to a hospital, an ASC or an office. With some of these other technologies, they are restricted as to where they can have the procedure done. So no change in the end market, and I can categorically tell you, we have lost no customer to any competitor.
Liam Kelly: So we’re very pleased with the growth. You’re correct, it was 30% growth within the quarter, which is very encouraging. It is in line with our trajectory, even given the worsening situation with COVID in January and February. And we expect to continue to see that momentum build as we go through the remainder of the year, and we do believe we will get to our 8%- plus penetration by the end of the year. So MANTA is performing very much in line with our expectations, and we’re very encouraged by it.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Anthony, thank you. So yes, the growth that we saw in March for UroLift was north of 30% so – over the prior year. So we’re really encouraged by that. And we’re also, as I said earlier, encouraged by the momentum that we saw going into April, where we saw continued sequential improvement in our average daily sales going into April, getting back above our pre-COVID levels for the first time. I mean that’s a big water shed moment for us, Anthony, as you can appreciate. We haven’t been consistently being back above pre-COVID levels for the first time. I mean that’s a big water shed moment for us, Anthony, as you can appreciate. We haven’t been consistently being back above pre-COVID levels for an entire year now. And so the team is absolutely fired up out there in driving that. Regarding your question on EMEA, EMEA was as expected. There’s a few dynamics going on there. Last year, EMEA received a positive $8 million COVID order in the prior year quarter. So they had that tough comp. And as we all know, the rollout of the vaccine in Europe is not going as well as it is in the United States. And I think that the increase in cases in COVID in January and February and well into March within Europe was pretty strong, lots of lockdown still going on. Now having said that, the month of April in EMEA has also been somewhat encouraging. So I would expect EMEA to have a much better second quarter than it did the first quarter. And it would be remiss of me not to mention APAC. APAC, Anthony, grew over 10% on a days adjusted basis in the quarter from a minus 7% in quarter 4. So that was a tremendous swing for us and China had a really, really strong first quarter as we see procedures begin to come back in that key geography for us. So that’s some of the regional color, Anthony, for EMEA, but also APAC.
Liam Kelly: Yes, you’re absolutely correct. That EZPlaz addresses $100 million TAM, $25 million in the military, $75 million in the civilian. As we all know, we’re going to begin in the military market to help develop this product. Very encouraging signs from the FDA. We got a letter from the FDA following our BLA submission stating that the application was sufficiently complete to begin substantive review, and the BLA was assigned priority review classification, which indicates that they’re going to – it is on a fast track BLA. Very collaborative. We’re getting questions back, which is what we would expect. The team is answering them. So very collaborative over and back, and we would anticipate normal approval is put it point to the fourth quarter. So as they move through this, we’ll keep the investment community updated.
Liam Kelly: So for our R&D team. They’re doing a tremendous job internally for us. So we have a number of new products that we are excited about being developed internally within the anesthesia group, we have the Polaris, which is a laryngoscope, a handle and b lade system that we’re getting really good traction on. Within the Vascular business. We have Project Phoenix , which is a new ergo pack that is gaining tremendous traction right now for us within the group. Within the Interventional group, we have the Wattson Guidewire, which is a 2-in-2 combination product that will be launched later in the week that we’re very encouraged by. And of course, the AC3 continues to gain tremendous traction, and we had a really strong quarter with that product, in particular, in China, as we start to roll that out in that geography, having gained approval for it. So across the board, we’ve got a lot of products coming through the R&D group. And we’ve been quite successful in augmenting our revenue growth from new products to the positive over the last number of years. A few years ago, we used to generate 1% in new revenue growth from new products to the positive over the last number of years. A few years ago, we used to generate 2% in new revenue growth from new products, and we’ve moved that up to 1.5% to 2% over the past number of years. And the other thing I’d point out, and it’s not related to your question on new products. But we have also had positive pricing within the quarter. So I think that we’re very encouraged by our ability to increase our prices even in this tough environment, and that’s a positive sign for us also.
Liam Kelly: So getting through the VAC getting through the VAC committees has not been an issue for us, Mike, with the MANTA product. In the first quarter, we’re really happy with the 30%. The issue we have is COVID in the first quarter, quite frankly, in gaining access because it’s difficult to gain access to the hospitals, especially in January and February. Now I know we’re sitting here in April, and we’re – January and February seemed like a long time ago. But don’t forget we were getting 250,000 cases a day in January and February, they were much worse than November and December. So it was very difficult for us to get sales representatives, clinical experts out there into the market that’s showing the product. And I would anticipate that we’ll continue to see that ramp now as people – more people are getting vaccinated and our access to the hospital will be much better.
Liam Kelly: That was relative to – so the 30% was in March, and it was relative to the March of 2020, Rich. The 30% that I quoted was for the quarter and that was compared to 2019. So we grew 30% in March compared to March of 2020. And in the whole quarter one of 2021, we grew 30% over 2019. As we went into April, our average daily sales got back to average daily sales levels, we have not seen consistently since January and February of 2020 before we headed into COVID.
Liam Kelly: Yes. Our growth in January and February, from my memory, we were about 30-ish percent or something like that, Rich.
Liam Kelly: Yes. I’ll start with the backlog and the – I’ll address the conservatism, and I’ll let Tom get into the specifics of the guide in the quarter as to where it would be. But I would say that you will see acceleration in revenue dollars, and you’ll see acceleration in adjusted earnings per share as you get through the quarter, I think we should start there as we continue to expect the recovery to continue. It’s really difficult for us to forecast or identify the backlog, and it is difficult for us to build that into any forecast because we don’t know what type of capacity that’s going to be there within the hospital system are outside of the hospital system for us to get there. We do expect though that backlog should get burned through as you get later into the year and that would be our expectation. With regard to whether the guide – so the guide would be roughly – and I’m talking – trying to pitch it towards the middle here, Shagun, so it should be about $690 million and about $0.02 in earnings per share at the midpoint in both of the guidance that we gave in relation to that. Now regarding conservatism or not, I think we continue to see some increases in COVID cases in places like India and Japan. We see Americas recovering. We think we’ll see OEM continue to get better in the second quarter as we will with EMEA. And we do believe that there could be opportunities for us there in the second quarter, but we would prefer to lean more to the conservative than be aggressive at this stage, just given there’s a few variants around there, so we would prefer to lean in that direction. And if recovery continues within the Q2, we think that we should be in a good position to take advantage of that would be our thinking. And just to be absolutely clear, that $690 million would be up from what we did this quarter, which was around $634 million. So it would see significant sequential improvement on an absolute dollar basis on revenue, Shagun.
Liam Kelly: I would just add to that, and I mentioned it a little earlier, we anticipated seeing some of this inflation. So we took some actions over. About a year ago, we started taking some actions on some of our pricing initiatives. And that started to come through in this first quarter. And pure pricing in the first quarter we were positive about 20 basis points. So we’re quite encouraged by that. We anticipated this, and we immediately began to plan to have an offset. So modest price increases in some of our more selective areas of business.
Thomas Powell: Well, starting with the sustainability of the gross margin. So as we’ve talked about previously, what’s really driving our gross margin are two things, primarily mix, and I would say that UroLift being the greatest driver, we also have the addition of Z- Medica this year. And so as we continue to see UroLift and other high-margin product offerings continue to outpace the rest of the business, we’re going to continue to see margin expansion for this year and into the future. Now with regard to the other piece of restructuring programs, as mentioned, we do have a couple of years outlined already of programs that are out there, and we expect to realize some significant savings. And if you do the math on that that’s close to one basis points of margin expansion right there. As we think about, do we drop this through? I think from our perspective, we’re going to continue to evaluate what are the options to kind of look at opportunities to enhance growth with further investment behind our high-margin brands such as UroLift, Z-Medica, MANTA as well as considering what level of profitability increase we’ve got. So we’ve got the opportunity to continue to drive meaningful top line growth, meaningful margin expansion, and that’s going to translate to meaningful earnings per share growth. And we’ll continue to evaluate what are the opportunities to invest further to accelerate that top line even more.
Thomas Powell: Yes. So the way I’d look at free cash flow is that we’d expect it to be growing kind of in line with earnings growth in the 20% range. A couple of things going on in 2021. First of all, we’re going to see an increase from net income. We’ll also see an increase as a result of less contingent consideration payments. We spent about a little under $18 million last year, and we expect that to be significantly less this year. However, last year, we also closed out the year with a very, very strong collection cycle where our DSOs were down considerably from our historical average. And this year, we’ve planned it to be closer to our historical average to the extent we continue to see favorable trends in collections, we could see more than that 20% growth in free cash flow that I cited.
Thomas Powell: And then as it relates to earnings, I think Liam pointed out that we expect to see sequential acceleration in earnings per share. Also, we expect to see sequential improvement in adjusted earnings per share versus prior year. When we take a look at – if you go back two years, I think we had a really strong Q1, the growth rate isn’t as strong in the back half of the year. A couple of things to understand, as we look at the first quarter of 2021, I had pointed out earlier that we had a really clean first quarter from a manufacturing performance standpoint. And while we’re very encouraged by that performance, we’re not quite ready to extrapolate that to a full year upside to that level. Additionally, I mentioned that EMEA and OEM were down in the first quarter in terms of revenue growth, and we expect them to recover and turn into positive territory for the back half of the year. And both of those business segments carry a lower gross margin than average. And I’d also say that in the first quarter, we had a really, really significant beat in operating expenses and part of that was due to savings from travel and perhaps slower hiring than expected. But the vast majority of it was due to deferred projects. So projects that we had expected to get going in the first quarter that we eventually delayed just given COVID and other reasons. Now we do expect to make those up in the back half of the year. So some of that OpEx saving and upside from the first quarter, we expect to be included in the rest of the year spend. So hopefully, that helps give you some color as to what’s going on from an earnings standpoint and why the first quarter just looks so fantastic, evenly benchmarked against two years ago.
Thomas Powell: Sure. Well, I would say that we are seeing inflation that’s a little bit higher in 2021 than what we’ve seen historically. A lot of it was anticipated and included in our original plan. Our current projections reflect what we see as the current environment. I’d say the areas where we’re seeing inflation is in some material, in particular, resin, polyethylene, polypropylene, polystyrene are all well above 10% inflation rates. But overall, materials, we’re seeing at a sub-2% inflation growth rate. I would say that select labor markets, we’ve got some inflation going on in Malaysia, that would be pushing up around 5%. But overall, I would say that total direct-indirect labor is sub-5% in terms of inflation. The other area that we are seeing heightened inflation rates is in our freight. In particular, our sea freight is up significantly, where it’s up 20% this year. And I think if you follow what’s going on, there just isn’t capacity. So collectively, as we look at all of the different inflation components in manufacturing, we’re up around 3% for the year, is our current expectation. That’s up about a full point versus what we’ve seen historically. And again, that’s fully reflected in our current projections.
