Jake Elguicze: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Teleflex Incorporated Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. The press release and slides to accompany this call are available on our website, at www.teleflex.com. As a reminder, this call will be available on our website, and a replay will be available by dialing 888-286-8010, or for international calls, 617-801-6888; passcode 53575576. Participating on today's call are Benson Smith, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Liam Kelly, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Thomas Powell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Benson, Liam and Tom will make some brief prepared remarks, and then we'll open up the call to Q&A. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the matters discussed in this conference call will contain forward-looking statements regarding future events as outlined in the slides. We wish to caution you that such statements are, in fact, forward-looking in nature and are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially. The factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially include, but are not limited to, factors made in our press release today, as well as our filing with the SEC, including our Form 10-K, which can be accessed on our website. The format for this morning's event will be similar to our prior conference calls with Benson providing a high-level overview of our quarterly results and an update on some key strategic initiatives. He'll then turn the call over to Liam, who will review our product line and geographic revenue results, provide updates with regards to recent GPO and IDN developments, new product introductions and regulatory approvals, as well as highlight an acquisition that was completed in the quarter. Following Liam will be Tom Powell. And Tom will review our third quarter financial results and provide an update regarding our financial guidance for 2015. And finally, we'll open up the call to Q&A. With that said, I'd like to now turn the call over to Benson.
Jake Elguicze: Hey, Matt, this is Jake. One other comment I would add is that China came in pretty much right in line with our expectations for Q3 and we still do expect Q4 to be pretty robust.
Jake Elguicze: Thanks, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us on the call today. This concludes the Teleflex Incorporated Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call.
Benson F. Smith: So, that's a good question. As you recall, Larry, the recalls happened at the very end of the second quarter. What we reported on in our earnings call last time was our best estimate at that time. As it turns out, the root causes for some of the recalls turned out to be harder for us to get, in the cases of our PICC product line, in particular, there was more than one problem associated with the remedy. So, you're absolutely correct that these turned out to be greater than what we thought they were going to be at the time when – during our last call. It's one of those things that you have to keep at it until you actually find the root causes of a problem and fix it. So, it took us longer. We've identified what that problem is now and I think we are in much better shape at predicting the – the fact that there's not going to be an impact in the fourth quarter.
Benson F. Smith: Yeah. So again, we are – I think have a good level of confidence that we're going to see a fourth quarter in the range of 54%. I think that will give people a lot of confidence in the – the margin improvement story is well intact. That's going to then service the jumping off point for us really as we move into 2016. And other than the comments we made on the last earnings call, where we have moved one of the wet kit manufacturing essentially ahead of about three months, I would say that everything else is right on track where we expect it to be originally and still on track from what we predicted and estimated it to be on the last call. So – and as through nearly a third of the fourth quarter, we haven't seen any surprises come up. So, we see a pretty high level of confidence I think in a robust fourth quarter.
Benson F. Smith: So, FX in the third quarter had a bigger impact on us than what we expected. As we move into the fourth quarter, we're now going to see comparables to the prior year, which are a lot less severe than they were for the first three quarters. So that's in the short term – in the short term, that's kind of where we see FX. I would love to be able to tell you that we have the currency situation figured out for 2016. I think – but there's a lot of volatility there. Our general assumption is that we're going to likely see continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar. We don't think it's going to be at the same level of comparison that we saw in 2015. One of the reasons, quite frankly, that we're putting more and more resources around growth in the U.S., and there really is two reasons: first of all, we think as demographics kick in, there's going to be good expansion in the U.S., but secondly, it insulates us from some of the ongoing currency fluctuations, the more as a higher percentage of our business is centered here. I think our forecast from 5% to 6% constant currency isn't going to be affected by what happens obviously with the currency.
Benson F. Smith: But we're not expecting the same level of severity that we saw in 2015, and I'll turn it over to Tom now to give you a little bit more detail.
Benson F. Smith: And that amounts to about 1% of our overall revenue, and once that's out of the mix, we should have more favorable comparisons moving into the latter half of next year. And I would say we have taken that into account in our fourth quarter estimates. We've already taken that into account with our revised guidance.
Benson F. Smith: Guys, thank you. Longer range, Matt, our view is that undifferentiated products which have a local Chinese manufactured competitive entry are going to be hard to achieve the kind of growth rates in the past. And there's a – there's certainly a strong trend towards nationalization now from the current regime in China that is somewhat pushing adoption of its homegrown, homemade products. So, and our strategy has all along been to emphasize what we think are the most differentiated products. So, I don't think it's going to have an enormous impact on us, but China is a changing environment now, and we continue to monitor, I think a lot of activities there.
Benson F. Smith: So I think our – just to clarify at least what I think we were saying about pricing was, we have not counted on pricing as a key component in our stated three-year goals, but that we were going to take price every place we could find it. So, I think we're seeing – I think we're seeing our ability to do that and are pleased with our ability to do that. But given the – given other pressures in the marketplace, we're not relying on that to hit our three-year margin expansion goals. I think it's one of those areas where we've been conservative and we'll probably do better than what we've committed to, and it's certainly the case that we keep looking for price opportunities every place. I do think there are some markets that we have shied away from thinking about distributor to direct conversions. We have about $169 million that goes through the kinds of distributors that offer us a significant margin improvement. We've identified about a third of that in geographies where we think it makes sense to do that. So, I think the changing dynamics has affected our view of which geographies are more attractive to us, but I still think we're in the range of seeing, over the next couple years, the overall impact from the dealer-direct conversions, about the same as it has been for the past two years. And Liam is much closer to this than I am, so I'll let him comment on it also.
Benson F. Smith: I think more to remain to our ability to grow our revenue is, it has to do with our ability to continue to improve our share position in the U.S. and I think that our expectation around the demographic impact on the overall U.S. market. And then to a lesser extent, at least in this three-year period, those key product areas, Percuvance, LMA Protector, MAD Nasal kicking into the latter half of those three-year period. So that's really the core of what we need to do to hit those revenue numbers that we've outlined.
Benson F. Smith: So, certainly from a standpoint of smaller deals, we've been more active than we've ever been in terms of late-stage or ready-to-go product acquisitions. I will just tell you that we – our mindset is to be extremely selective about the larger deals that we're going to do. We almost always, if not always, have some level of conversations going on. This process can take time. We often have sellers that have walked the expectations, and it takes a little bit of reality sometimes for them to understand that they're not going to get what they expect to get. There continues to be things for us to look at. I would say overall, our M&A department is as busy now as it's ever been, and we still would characterize ourselves as a serial acquirer and are quite active in the looking and conversation phase of that.
Benson F. Smith: Sure. Well, let's just talk about gross margin. So, in the third quarter, we were at 52% on an adjusted basis and as you think about the guidance out there, it does to your point, show an improvement. And what we're counting on is, first of all, the recall-related expenses that were incurred this quarter we do not assume are going to reoccur. We also have got a fairly significant increase in revenue during the fourth quarter in part to just what is typically the fourth quarter, then we also have the extra shipping day. And that will drive improved absorption on a higher – on the higher volumes. We also have some improved mix. As our businesses from the acquisitions and distributor conversions to start to build momentum, we'll continue to drive higher, I guess, levels of revenue at a higher – at a higher margin, and that will help our mix. And then we had a couple of what I would characterize as one-off cost during the quarter, none of them were – were significant individually, but collectively they added up to have an impact. And a lot of those were costs associated with the transition of moving manufacturing or getting new operations up and started. So we expect to see those – those types of costs abated in the fourth quarter. And then we also will start to see the benefit of our manufacturing footprint consolidation program as trying to deliver some savings in the fourth quarter. So collectively, you put all those together and those are going to be the drivers that help us get from where we are to – to a higher level next quarter.
Benson F. Smith: Well, the overall market for this type of surgery in its totality is significant as you're aware, Matt. And we've taken a percentage of the overall laparoscopic markets that gets us to that 300, 400. I can tell you that with Percuvance, we have now completed 198 cases, we're active and seven sites in the U.S., eight outside of the U.S. We have 300 surgeons signed up for a training program that is taking place in November. We had an internal training that Benson mentioned in his prepared remarks that took place yesterday from a key teaching hospital, that was very exciting. At this stage, we're not going to update how big we think the market is. We still think it's a $300 million to $400 million opportunity. As we get into the actual product launch, Matt, we may update then, but the overall size of this market is in the billions, as you know.
Benson F. Smith: When we look at the margins of the next couple of years, there is kind of two pieces to that, one is, you refer to the footprint. And on that, specifically, we had talked of savings of $28 million to $35 million. We're going to realize a small portion of that in the fourth quarter of this year, the majority of it in 2016 and then the remainder in 2017. So that is fairly 2016 focused. And in addition to the footprint, we had talked about the ability to save additional moneys and drive margin through 2018, and those other projects include initiatives such as material substitution, supplier efficiency initiatives, investments and automation, lean manufacturing, et cetera, and those projects are more evenly weighted throughout the period from 2016 through 2018. So there are not a big step function, but rather a more ratable improvement each year.
Benson F. Smith: I think it's one of the reasons why we're not counting on price as a part of our margin improvement goals or revenue improvement goals. However, even in a difficult environment, and I would say, it's been a difficult environment since I arrived here in 2011. Even in a difficult environment, there are some products by the fact that there's really not a good competitive alternative. They are a small part of the hospital's budget. They don't receive a lot of attention in their purchasing office. So there are – there are select opportunities to be able to get price, and it's just in our mindset to take advantage of every one of those that we can. But given the overall environment, we don't think that it's prudent to count on that as part of our margin improvement goals.
Benson F. Smith: So it is in part driven by, I think, some improvement in the acuity levels that we've commented about, but our growth can't be explained by just that. We're taking market share and a lot of it has to do with the acceptance of these newer products that we're putting out in the marketplace.
Benson F. Smith: So I think the opportunities over the next several years are going to continue to be robust. One of the things we're seeing in the U.S. market by way of example is, it is getting tougher for, let's call them, $100 million revenue companies to be able to get a seat at the table at IDNs and at GPOs. And so, it's becoming more difficult for them that the increased cost to get your product, for example, through China make global expansion tougher for companies of that size. Even things like the medical device tax have a lot of those $50 million revenue companies just at the brink or below profitability. So there have been an increasing number of environmental factors in the healthcare marketplace that make it more difficult for those size companies. This year, our currency is a negative factor when we try to look at European assets, because they have one view of what their sales increases is, when they're doing their calculations in their own currency, when we have to denominate that into dollars what it's going to do us. In many cases, what looks like growth to them is actually negative to us by the time we go through the currency translation. So, that's having some short-term impact in terms of how we might see evaluation and they might see evaluation. Again, once we see a more stable environment where currencies aren't a big issue, that will start to evaporate a little bit. That's the only thing I think that's on the horizon that makes the market at least in acquiring European assets a little bit more difficult than normal.
Benson F. Smith: Yes. So, in the next 12 to 24 months, I would be really surprised if you didn't see that, yes. I think we're still not in the mindset of some kind of transformational acquisition that would be in the billions of dollars. But in that, I think our range now is probably in the $300 million to $700 million where we'd consider that certainly capable financially for us to do that, and I would be very surprised if you didn't see one in that period.
Liam Kelly: And Larry, I'll just touch on the revenue line. We don't deviate at all from what we said at our Analyst Day, we expect 5% to 6% constant currency growth. We have some exciting products in the pipeline. The Protector that Benson mentioned earlier, and Percuvance, which we think will augment our revenue to 2016 and beyond.
Liam Kelly: Yes, so, as we see North American growth, you're right, Kristen, we see it as accelerating in the, we've seen a pickup in quarter three, it was 4.34% in quarter two to 5.7% in quarter three. And obviously, that has an impact on currency growth because all of those sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Then the overseas market, yes, we have seen a little bit of softness in particular in the oil-based countries, in particular in Venezuela, Brazil and Russia, and a little bit in the Middle East in that order. So, that's what we're seeing out there.
Liam Kelly: So, I'll take the oil-based country question. So – and I'll just speak specifically about Latin America first. So what we saw within the quarter, and we sell mass in U.S. dollars to these distributors within Latin America. So with the devaluation of their currency, that has obviously had an impact in their ability to purchase at a consistent rate or improved rate from last year. So, really the impact on Latin America was in the region of about 57 basis points on our overall revenue growth. And on Latin America itself, it was – it's greater than a 10% impact, largely driven by Venezuela, and it is the devaluation of the currency, but also our distributor is awaiting on payment from the government there. And we see it becoming coming back once the government pays our distributor because he has orders within the pipeline already, but he's not willing to shift towards those from others, shift them through his channel until such time as he receives payment from the government. So, we should see Venezuela, in particular, show some rebound as we move forward into 2016. With regard to your question on Asia and China, we saw a slight decline actually in China within the quarter, but we saw very strong performance in APAC overall of 11.3%. India, which has rose up there, was increased by 16%. Australia and Japan and Southeast Asia and Korea were also in the double-digit range. So, the softness in China where there was strong in central venous catheters, we saw some pressure on our less differentiated products, in particular within our Anesthesia and Respiratory segment.
Liam Kelly: And Matt, as we get into Q4, I think Tom mentioned already, we have an easier comparable in Q4, and we expect a very strong rebound in China on core growth and as a result of that comparable. If you recall last year, we realized that some of our distributors in Asia were building up some inventory, and we took the decision at that stage to not to ship to some of those distributors.
Liam Kelly: No, I would just concur what you said, Benson. You can expect - and as we said during our Analyst Day, you can expect the same level that you've seen in the coming two to three years that you've seen in the past two years. The impact within the quarter of pricing was 37 basis points. And if you look at the dealer-to-convert, the dealer-to-direct, that added another 71 basis points of pricing. So, it's a strategy that's adding value, so we anticipate to continue with that strategy.
Liam Kelly: And I would add that we would have to see something really that is not visible to us now occur between now and the end of the year, I think, for us to be right in that 54% range. And the second point is, yes, we think that's a good jumping off point for 2016.
Liam Kelly: So, as a percent of sales, our exposure is just slightly over 1% of our total revenue goes through the countries that you mentioned. Sorry, just over 2%. 2% to 3% of our revenue goes through the countries that you mentioned. So, it's not a significant driver of our overall global revenue.
Liam Kelly: From those countries, it was approximately for – for Latin America, it was 57 basis points, and for Russia and Middle East, it was probably about another 5 basis points.
Liam Kelly: So, the Vidacare is tracking at the moment in the region – in the high teens at the moment on a year-on-year basis, driven by good performance on EZ-IO and stellar performance in OnControl. So in the quarter itself, it came in at 14% and is tracking year-to-date in the high teens.
Liam Kelly: Yeah, we expect a very strong finishing quarter four, as we do in most quarter four for this type of a product where municipalities tend to replenish their stocks at the end of the quarter.
Liam Kelly: One of the really interesting things that came out of this presentation yesterday was that – one of the ideas behind single site incisions and Percuvance was the reduced scarring to patients. And some of the physicians we are commenting with replacing a lot of emphasis on the flexibility of using the instrumentation versus just the cosmetic effect, and that seemed perfectly reasonable to us. Now, as they're treating more and more patients, the patients themselves are responding really, really favorable to the cosmetic results, and we're starting to see a change in thinking about the value that that brings to the procedure. So, everything we've learned since the last – since the last conversation we've had with you about this read us to be more bullish about the acceptance of the product.
Liam Kelly: Well, there are a number of key drivers, aesthetics for sure is one. The procedures that it's been used in are in general surgery, gynecological and neurology, and in particular in gynecological surgery, that is a key element. One of our key opinion leaders has spoken to some of these patients, and that is a key driver. The other key driver is that you don't use as many ports when you use the Percuvance. So, on one of the cases I was in, instead of using five to six ports, the surgeon used two, and that has a reduced cost. And the other key driver, and this came out really clearly in the presentation yesterday, the issue with no sills (01:00:16) a lot of these advances that they were seeing meant that the surgeon had to change the way he did the procedure. One of the key attributes of the Percuvance is there is no change in the way they do the procedure. They don't need articulating instruments. They do have to exchange extra (01:00:37). They can use the same size of heads, which is very important so that they can do the procedure in the same way as they would have done it in the past using those multiple ports. So, there are a number of drivers that makes this quite attractive to the surgeons.
Liam Kelly: Okay. So for our CVC business globally, it grew by 6.6% on a global basis. On our PICC business – now our PICC business showed a slight decline, but that, as I said during my prepared remarks, was really due to the ongoing issue with the recall. If we added back the impact of the recall, the PICC business would have grown by just into the double-digit country. So, it was impacted by the recall. With your question on respiratory, we have built into our quarter four, thinking that respiratory will continue to show a slight decline in the – for the remainder of the year and for the balance of the year in a full-year basis we are forecasting a slight decline, but we've already anticipated that in our full-year projections.
Liam Kelly: Yes, our anticipation is a slight recovery. Respiratory is never going to grow in the 6% like our CVC business. But we would – we do anticipate seeing a soft recovery in our respiratory business towards – as we get into 2016.
Liam Kelly: That's a really good question. Our conversations with providers lead us to believe, and our own sales results confirm this, that the general admission of patients is not improving, and that's one of the reasons why a product line like respiratory therapy isn't doing better. What is happening is that the acuity level of the patients that are being admitted is higher. And so that's what's driving high numbers in surgery, it's what's driving high numbers in vascular access. And these are kind of those non-postponable, inevitable visits to the hospitals that people have to make. There was a slowdown in those in 2013 and 2014, and now we continue to see that get better on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But it's not being driven by general improvements in administration – in admissions, excuse me, you're absolutely right.
Liam Kelly: Okay. So, we're looking at the U.S. at the moment. You're correct, we went from 4.3% to 5.7%. As we look to the remainder of the year, our current thinking is that we will just pull back a little bit on the 5.7%, just for some comparables in the prior year, but still a pretty robust performance. And then have an accelerated jump off into 2016. We see very strong growth within our Vascular segment and especially within our CVCs. Within the Surgical segment, as we move into the following year, we have the – obviously the MiniLap acquisition is in there, but then we launched Percuvance in late quarter one, earlier quarter two on a full market release into the surgical business units. And within Anesthesia, we have a very strong focus on the launch of the Protector, which will come in quarter two also.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah, sure. So to Benson's point, in 2015, we saw a pretty big move in the U.S. dollar relative to the euro, and that's the currency that we're most impacted by or that relationship. We do about 30% of our business in euros. And so as we look at the average rate for 2014, it was about $1.33 this year based on where we're currently trading, it's probably going to be around $1.11. So to think that there's going to another $0.22 move to 2016, we're hoping that's not the case, but we are looking for a likely continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar to some degree. But again, as we look at this year, we were able to put together a number of actions to offset that currency impact and still put forth pretty strong earnings growth despite what was a very significant impact to earnings as a result of currencies.
Thomas E. Powell: Okay. Yeah, so, we made it a real focus in 2015 to take a look at our SG&A spending to make sure that we were as efficient as possible, so that we will get more of the gross margin gains falling through the operating margin. It's just a continuation of those efforts – the better leverage, better Youshare (53:53) services, focused on travel expenses and all the things you do to drive cost out. So, we've seen improvements going on throughout the year. We had a good third quarter. We expect it to continue to improve into the fourth quarter as a result of the focus.
Thomas E. Powell: And then with regard to the tax rate, if the R&D tax credit were to be afforded to us again this year, that would probably be a 40-basis point improvement in the full-year tax rate. And then with regard to your question on the longer term tax strategy, if you will, and we talked about it at Analyst Day, first let me just talk about the benefits we realized in the third quarter are largely benefits that are contained in 2015. So, they will not have a longer term impact on our rate. And as we think about the next couple of years, and what we spoke about at Analyst Day is that a number of the actions that we have underway serve to improve the profitability of the U.S. So as we tend to move manufacturing out and restructure our cost base, we'll be driving more profits as a result of that in the U.S. In addition, we've got market growth going on in other countries that are in higher tax jurisdictions. And so what we're seeing over the next couple of years is some upward pressure on the rate and we will always look for ways to identify opportunities to offset that, but have not put any into the plan as of yet largely because they haven't been identified, so we'll continue to look for those options, but we do see and some of the actions as well as the different market growth putting some upward pressure over the next couple of years on our tax rate.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, there are really two pieces to it. One was in connection with the filing of our U.S. Federal tax return, where the actual expense came in less than what we had been accruing towards as the year had progressed. And the second issue was related to an initiative to further simplify and rationalize our organizational structure, so we transferred ownership of certain subsidiaries around the Teleflex group, and a byproduct of this was that it created an increase in the foreign tax credits that would be available to offset future taxes or U.S. taxes on our non-permanently (01:14:12) reinvested earnings. Now the other benefit of that movement was our ability to repatriate cash, which we did also in the third quarter. So there's really two impacts that are driving the rate in the third quarter. And as mentioned, those rates are not something that will impact the rate in future years around a sustainable basis.
