Benson Smith: Thanks, Jake. Good morning, everyone. I’m pleased to report a very solid first quarter that exceeded our internal expectations in nearly area, which allows us to raise our full year 2016 adjusted earnings per share guidance even at this early point in the year. While Liam and Tom will go through the numbers in more detail, I would like to highlight some of our key performance metrics. Overall, I’m delighted with the company’s Q1 results, but I am glad to have the first quarter of the year behind us. As I am sure you’ll remember from our last earnings call, for a variety of reasons, we believed that first quarter of 2016 was going to be our most challenging quarter of the year.  This principally had to do with a difficult comparison as a result of a very strong quarter in 2015, two less shipping days in Q1 of this year, a significant foreign currency headwind, and some other one-off events we expected in Q1. Beginning with revenue, on an as-reported basis, revenue slightly exceeded our initial estimates and was helped by a modestly more favorable foreign currency environment versus our guidance assumption.  From a constant currency perspective, our growth rate of 1.1% was slightly under our expectations, but just under it. That being the case we saw nothing in the quarter that leads us to change our expectations for the year, as we are reaffirming our full year constant currency revenue growth range of between 5% and 6%. A few more details on Q1 revenue; it’s always difficult for us to predict with pinpoint accuracy how the loss of two shipping days will precisely affect revenue for a given quarter, and now retrospectively I believe we had modestly underestimated the two day impact when the quarter ended on a holiday weekend. In addition, we had a few unexpected events; for example, we had an OEM customer push out a fairly large order from the end of Q1 to the beginning of Q2.  As a result, we do not expect any of these events will have any impact on our ability to achieve our full year constant currency revenue growth numbers, and we continue to foresee a considerable uptick in growth rates beginning in the second quarter and continuing for the remainder of the year. Moving to adjusted gross margin, our results were slightly better than our initial expectations and the over-performance in this area came primarily from improved mix. Turning to adjusted operating margin, progress here during the quarter was excellent and exceeded our internal expectations to an even greater extent than adjusted gross margin. While our adjusted EPS for the quarter was aided by favorability in FX as compared to our original guidance assumptions, the overwhelming majority of our earnings upside were the results of very good operational performance and continued P&L leverage. Turning to our overall view of the macroeconomic conditions, they remain largely unchanged from our last earnings conference call. We continue to expect good growth out of North America and Asia, moderate growth out of Europe, and some challenges with respect to oil producing countries as well as with Latin America. All of this is built into our guidance. Finally, we continue to make good progress on key initiatives, including our footprint consolidation efforts, material substitution programs, and higher margin new product launches. All of these items remain on track and should allow us to deliver both short and longer term margin targets that we’ve laid out previously. Now before turning the program over to Liam, I want to congratulate him on his promotion to President and Chief Operating Officer. In this new capacity, Liam’s role will be expanded to include oversight of our global manufacturing operations, while he continues to have responsibility for our global commercial functions.  Liam has been a reliable performer even before my arrival at Teleflex in 2011, and he continues to be deserving of new and increased responsibilities. He is an example of our increased management bench strength and our commitment to develop future Teleflex leaders from within. Liam, congratulations.
Benson Smith: So I will repeat my previous comments that I think that our expectation is that we’ll have an internal candidate to be able to replace me. I think we’ll be in a position to talk about more on timing later in the year. But I am personally very comfortable that and as is our Board that we’ve got a good succession spot and intend to share that more publicly as we get closer to the time.
Benson Smith: Yes, so I would concur that that’s our perspective as well. Liam mentioned the fact that sales out from distributors to hospitals was actually stronger than our sales into distributors, so we are quite comfortable that we are seeing continued robustness in the US market. The one footnote I would say is, there was a relatively strong flu season last year, which didn’t replicate itself this season, but in spite of that, I think we’re going to see quite good growth out of North America. The other growth area for us, and I think for other manufacturers as well, is going to be in China. Europe will be positive, but to a lesser extent and the situation with the oil producing countries has essentially remained unchanged, which is not in good shape, as I said earlier. All of that is built into our guidance and this is consistent from what we’re seeing from other manufacturers as well.
Benson Smith: And I think coming at this another way, we continue to want to preserve position liquidity as we see ourselves as a serial acquirer, and we’ll continue down the path of making appropriate acquisitions for the targets that we are keenly interested in.
Benson Smith: So that’s really just the change in the way the end effector is attached. The original generation as Liam said, has to be screwed on. It’s a relatively fine thread, particularly in terms of training the technician on how to make those changes. One of the things that came up during our release was that they wish they had a slightly easier way to do this. This, in fact, is a lot easier way to do it, and there’s not a danger that they’ve only partially screwed the head on and allowing it to come loose. Although, that’s just a theoretical observation since it’s never happened, but there seems to be a greater comfort level with this attachment method.
Benson Smith: I think it’s too early in the year for us to talk about an upside at this point in time, I would say everything is on track as we initially planned for 2016. We expect to see some benefit from this towards the end of the year and more benefit as we move into 2017, but both the phase 1 and phase 2 essentially are tracking to plan.
Benson Smith: No, that’s still a consistent thought in terms of how we are going to get there in the full year. I’d say that in the first quarter, we had a little stronger benefit coming out of mix, but we continue to expect the operational efficiency gains to build as the year progresses, so still thinking along those same lines for the full year.
Benson Smith: Larry, I think our long term view remains similar that the general marketplace is less favorable to smaller companies than it is to the larger companies through a certain scale extent. Those companies that are $50 million to $100 million in revenue have a tough time with IDNs and GPOs. They have a tough time globalizing, that’s becoming a much more important part of a growth strategy. So we think there’s reasonable availability of product lines that we are interested in.  We have said no to a couple of things that we liked over the past several months, because we thought the valuations were out of line. So I would echo the point that we continue to be quite disciplined. But also as last year, we continue to be very; very active in many, many smaller acquisitions that I think are more than gap fillers, but good strategic additions for the product line. I think you can expect that to continue with or without a larger acquisition.
Benson Smith: Well, for us it has to be the way to go for the most part since our size is what it is. But I would point to the continued success we have with both IDNs and GPOs in this country, in terms of winning awards and for new products as well. So that notion that GPOs or hospitals want to deal with a limited number of suppliers has some partial truth to it, but there’s still a robust place for product differentiation and for better clinical outcomes. I do think and I’ve said this many times, I think we are big enough to get in front of GPOs and in front of IDNs. We’re big enough to be able to sell our products globally. So I don’t see a disadvantage in our size, I see more of an advantage in our nimbleness.
Larry Keusch: Two questions, first Liam, congratulations on the promotion, and Benson just wanted to pick your brain and see if had any thoughts on how we should be thinking about succession planning and timing.
Larry Keusch: And then perhaps for Benson or Tom or Liam, just remind us again how you take the constant currency growth from the 1% range in the first quarter to 5% to 6% for the year, obviously, implies a significant acceleration. I recognize there’s some extra days in the 2Q and 4Q, but again, just walk us through how that math works.
Larry Keusch: Benson since we haven’t really touched on it, wanted to circle back and M&A. Well, you guys continue to be extremely disciplined, and just wanted to get some thoughts on how you’re thinking about valuations, and it doesn’t feel like there’s a major sense of urgency given the way the business is performing, and again, just wanted to see how you’re thinking about M&A broadly.
Liam Kelly: Larry, I’ll take that, and thank you for your congrats. So if you take it and you take the constant currency growth of 1.1%, then you’re layering the billing days, then you’re at 3.3%, as we outlined on our Q4 results. So if we take that as our jump-off point, and you look at what happened with the OEM business moving out and some of the destocking that we felt within our distributors, that’s about another 1.1%. And then you look at the tough comparables last year, 5.2% with one less billing day, which would be 6.3. That should get you about another percent. So that’s how we bridge it to a 5% to 6% growth rate, and we’re pretty confident, Larry, that we’ll see a nice rebound in quarter two and continue on from there. It’s not a question of waiting for a Q4 to get there this year, so we are pretty confident we will see a nice rebound in Q2.
Liam Kelly: Liam here, Dave. Thanks for that. I will deal with Vidacare first. The Vidacare we do anticipate a very solid performance again this year from Vidacare. We expect to see Vidacare growing at the 20% range on a full year basis, and we see it being a contributor to our growth overall. Vascular continues to perform very strongly, as it did last year. And you are correct we continue to see Vascular as a segment that will lead the way in our growth in the Americas and globally.
Liam Kelly: Our euro assumption remains for the balance of the year at $1.06, and I think that’s one of the areas for upside during the course of the year. What we saw last year though was quite a bit of volatility, and I think in the spirit of some conservatism want to make sure we don’t underestimate what could happen in the third and fourth quarters.
Liam Kelly: Okay, so how it has improved, when we did our limited amount of release, if you’ve seen the Percuvance, you change the heads in order to [extrapacorally], which means outside the body, to actually continue the procedure. The advantage is we don’t make any change to how the surgeon does the procedure. One improvement that we made was the exchange was a screw-on head in the first round, and in the second iteration of the product, it’s actually clip-on. We just did that to speed up the exchange time and it makes the procedure time shorter for the doctor. Yes, it is in the hands, the generation one is in the hands of doctors in the US, and actually we have completed 250 procedures globally with the majority of them being the US. There was 10 sites of the initial launch. 9 out of the 10 sites have committed to using the product moving forward, and four of them have already gone through their back committee and added it to their formulary, and they are actually waiting for the second-gen products to be launched. Now overseas in Europe, we received a CE mark in quarter one, so doctors in Europe we now have sites in Italy, Germany, UK, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Greece, actually trialing the product as we speak today and we are in active full launch in Europe.
Liam Kelly: The initial feedback is incredibly positive. The incision is almost scarless, the feedback from the patient, one patient actually said to a doctor - accused a doctor of not doing the procedure because the scar was that invisible at which he was quite amused by --. And the feedback from the doctor is, there’s no change, the surgeons see no change in their procedure. The exchange goes well. They are able to use it for more complex cases than we initially thought, so all-in-all, the feedback from the limited market release and now the full market release in Europe is resoundingly positive.
Liam Kelly: And we’re very encouraged that we only had to make that one small change from limited market release to full market release, gen one to gen two.
Liam Kelly: So the impact in ‘16 is minimal. We are just beginning to build up our base of customers and you should begin to see the impact ramp up as we go into 2017 for the Percuvance and Protector.
Liam Kelly: The outlook for the year on both CVCs and PICCs is resoundingly positive. Within the quarter, because of the poor flu season, both CVCs and PICCs were impacted by that. But we don’t have any concerns for the full year on our vascular business, and we are continuing to be very bullish about our ability to continue to support the CVC franchise and take share with our PICC franchise.
Liam Kelly: Yes, I do. So our CVC showed a modest decline of about 2%, and our PICC business, again, a modest decline of about $1 million, mostly driven by the flu season.
Liam Kelly: Brian, this happens occasionally. About 50% of our business goes through these large distributors, the (inaudible), [dealers and miners], so those people that you’d be familiar with. And occasionally we see that we get tracing some of the shows, the end hospital sales, and occasionally, we will see a trend where they destock their own inventory levels. It normally normalizes within a quarter, and if it just normalizes in a quarter, then it comes back during the year. It’s not going to have any impact in the year. We just happened to see it in this current quarter that we’re in.
Liam Kelly: Well, I think the $300 million; $400 million was a sub-segment of the overall laparoscopic market. It wasn’t defined on a procedural basis. When we launched the product first, we thought we would be doing a considerable number of lap callings. We are doing some of those, but we’ve found a broader application for the product in more complex procedures, complex, tiny procedures. But the position of the patient limits the ability of the surgeon to place trocars where they would once placing trocars, and obviously, with our device they don’t need to place trocars. Some bariatric procedures that the surgeons are doing and have used the product for in the limited market release. So the market size is not limited by the procedures per se, but it’s the step taking a proportion of the laparoscopic overall market.
Anthony Petrone: Maybe just going back a little bit to Percuvance and just get a little bit of an update there on when do you think you’ll move beyond the initial procedures that you were targeting with that device? I know it’s still early. I think the initial target market in some of the general surgery applications that you called out is around $300 million to $400 million, but there’s clearly a broader market opportunity our there for Percuvance potentially multiples of that. So I’m just wondering, you’ve made some tweaks to the device, is that now set for a broader surgical application or is it still - you’re going after this smaller market within general surgery first, and then that product will expand perhaps in the next 2 or 3 years.
Anthony Petrone: And then maybe a follow-up also on M&A, I mean clearly a big transaction announced this morning. And if you listen to that call, there’s this bigger-is-better mantra is resonated out of that call as well. Medtronic has commented on that as much, certainly with Covidien. So maybe an update Benson, on your view and Liam on your view on how the hospital market is evolving. Is a bigger bag necessarily better or do you think being more dominant in a smaller product set is still the way to go? So any thoughts there would be helpful.
Anthony Petrone: That’s helpful, and then one last quick for me is just on the cap structure and the converts, so clearly a portion that was retired. I don’t know if there’s an update on the remaining converts in the cap structure, if there’s any plans for that? Thanks again.
