Liam Kelly: Yes. Sure David. So based on the LRP, obviously, we will get the 2020 guidance when we report our Q4 earnings in February, but I will comment, as I said in my prepared remarks on the LRP, we couldn't be happier with the progress we're making. We are only nine months in but within the first nine months of the year, our revenue growth has been incredibly solid.  So, year-to-date through the nine months, we've grown at 8.4% and we've been able to take up our revenue guidance twice within the year. So we feel really confident. We've got, obviously Manta will come into play in 2020 and we also in 2021, we'll have the UroLift in Japan that wasn't in our previous guidance.  So regarding the revenue line for our LRP, we feel extremely confident in the goals that we set out in May of 2018 and it's not just on the revenue line, as we've gone through the year, we've been able to demonstrate the external community that our margin expansion to the point where in this quarter, we've hit an all-time gross margin high for the company and an all time op margin high for the company showing significant leverage in the income statement, while at the same time, being able to invest in some of our businesses, in particular the UroLift product, as we continue to invest behind the sales force there and we will continue to do that also in Q4.
Liam Kelly: So, Dave, we will get Tom to cover the EPS and I'll cover the revenue. So, on the revenue side, so first of all, you have the impact of the stabilization issues. First of all, let me just start by saying that with the sterilization capacity issue, it is contemplated in our updated guidance and contemplated it is contemplated in our updated guidance and contemplated in our raise in our revenue. We do think it's going to have an impact in the fourth quarter of about $8.7 million, and Tom will cover the EPS impact.  But as he said in his prepared remarks is about $0.07, that's about a 40 basis points full year headwinds based on that sterilization issue. Regarding your question, David, on headwinds and tailwinds, obviously, we have an extra billing day in the fourth quarter. So the way I think you should look at it is the impact from the sterilization issue is pretty much washed with the billing day in the fourth quarter.  Now if you take the midpoint of our guidance range in the fourth quarter, it would imply that we're planning to grow in the mid-sevens in Q4 in order to get to the midpoint of our updated guidance – at the midpoint of our guidance and we feel really confident on that and that's again against a tough comp. What I really like about the set up for Teleflex is that we are able to put forward a growth rate in the mid-sevens up against the top – a tough comp of 7.7% in the prior year. And also in this quarter, if we do a pro forma on the prior year, the growth was 8.2% and we were able to grow 8% on that. So those are really the headwinds and tailwinds, FX can go either way, and I'll let Tom now address the EPS question.
Liam Kelly: And Dave, I just wanted to add one comment on that from what Tom said. We are also investing behind UroLift in the fourth quarter, a little bit heavier than we had anticipated. We had anticipated some new sales hires that would come in Q1, we're actually going to bring in those additional headcount in Q4, so that we hit the ground running in Q1 of next year. And we're also anticipating doing additional DTC in Q4. So what I – again, what I really like about the setup is we are able to call up our earnings. We are able to call up our earnings guidance, invest behind the growth drivers in the business and offset some bad guys which the sterilization is. So I think all in all, we couldn't be happier with the performance of the business for the first nine months and our guidance would reflect that.
Liam Kelly: Thanks, Larry. And we had a resounding quarter for UroLift, it grew at 50.4%, through the first nine months of the year, it's growing at around 45%. So that, you're right, the product is exceeding all of our internal expectations. This third quarter had a slightly easier comp because we had the voluntary withdrawal of the product in Q3 last year. So that has definitely helped this quarter but notwithstanding that we're incredibly focused on making this product a standard of care.  Regarding the physicians, the business is incredibly stable. The average physician continues to do about four procedures a month. We continue to develop champions and we continue to make this product the standard of care. I think the number of publications obviously will help, the DTC helps and I think having a sales force Larry that wakes up everyday and only thinks about one product is an obvious advantage as we continue to drive accelerated performance.  And so, as I said in my prepared remarks, I think we will definitely achieve, if not, modestly exceed the 450 clinicians we have targeted to train this year and as we move from the early adopter to the fast follower, what has been very encouraging for me in particular is that the growth has not slowed as we move to that second phase of clinician and right now we are moving into the fast follower. Our thought has always been that it will take a little bit longer to bring that clinician on board, that clinician really requires, there appears to be using the product, they require very strong clinical data. They will require real world data that is very aligned to the clinical data and they need broad coverage to ensure that they're going to get paid for the procedure and I think as we sit here right now moving to the fast follower, all four of those boxes are ticked for Teleflex Larry.
Liam Kelly: Okay. So let me take it in chunks, Larry. Let me start with the cadence of margin in our LRP, and let me begin by saying, and as I said in our prepared remarks, I'm more confident than ever in our margin expansion within our LRP. As I said, we hit an all-time high on both growth and operating margin. And where is the margin going to come from, while about 60% of it is going to come from mix, our philosophy in Teleflex that not all growth is equal and where we're growing our businesses is in Interventional Urology, Interventional Access, Asia and within our Vascular business in particular PICCs and Vidacare. All of those are accretive to our margins, and if you look at where our investment goes, Larry, it goes behind those businesses and you can see for the first nine months of the LRP, those are the businesses that are performing exceptionally well and then add-in OEM, which has had a great performance. With regard to the cadence – so that answers your question on our confidence, Larry. With regard to the cadence, what I would expect and I don't want to get into 2020 guidance as you can appreciate, but what I would expect, Larry, is that we would see more margin expansion in 2020 than we've seen in 2019. So you would expect to see further margin expansion to 2020, and then another uptick in 2021, but rest assured, there would be an uptick in both years in our margin expansion in 2020 and 2021, that would be our expectation. And then onto your question on the sterilization, we began a number of weeks ago, when this issue arose in the Atlanta area, Larry to begin to re-qualify other sterilization cycles in other areas and our partner has been working very much with us to help us to do that. They don't have clear line of sight as to when that facility may be reactivated. I think that they are working with the county officials. I think that they are I think that they are working with the EPA and, but right now we don't have line of sight. Our expectation is that we will have other cycles revalidated by quarter one and we would envisage that that would allow us to continue to supply product into the marketplace at that time. And I think what has been helpful in some of the FDA statements that have come out and the FDA put out a note last week stating that more than 20 billion devices sold in the U.S., so that is $1 billion Larry, are sterilized with ethylene oxide, accounting for almost half of all medical devices. And I think they also said, it's important to note that there is no readily available process at our facilities that can serve as a viable alternative especially when you're dealing with plastic products.  So, I think that was also incredibly helpful and our associations, in particular, AdvaMed and MDMA continue to work with these local government authorities to educate them on the importance of having sterile product in the marketplace because it could have a much bigger patient risk than the ETO environmental issue, which from what I can see are very complying to the Clean Air Act.
Liam Kelly: So, Rich, I wouldn't expect a material expense in 2020 in relation to this. What we are doing is working with our partner to validate another sterilization cycle either in another geography or in another size. So I wouldn't anticipate a significant uptake. The $0.07 quite frankly, Rich, is a little bit less than I would normally expect if you get $8.7 million, I would expect $0.08 to $0.09 of an impact normally. Because of the margin profile in particular of the products in the other category that helps us minimize the EPS impact, that's what gets it down to that $0.07. And obviously, we have been working to substitute products as well in order to minimize the impact. And as I said in my earlier comment, we anticipate having cycles being validated early in 2020. So, and we are working towards that.
Liam Kelly: Thanks, Rich. As you can probably appreciate, I can't comment on 2020 guidance at this stage. So, I think that as we look at it, I reiterate what I said. There will be a pickup in margin expansion in 2020 and there will be a further pick up on op margin. I would expect – let me try to help you here. I expect more op margin than gross margin expansion in 2020, maybe that would help you frame and in line with what you said, but it's hard for me to comment on 2020 and 2021 until I get to our Q4 and 2020 guidance, Rich, is I'm sure you're going to appreciate. But we're very confident in getting to 60% to 61% by 2021 and we're very confident on getting to 30% to 31% by 2021. I hope that will give you some flavor.
Liam Kelly: Yes, so let me deal with the latter half of your point – your question first. So if you take the midpoint of our updated guidance, it is about 8.125%. Our expectation is that ex – that UroLift will add around 3% and the rest of the business will add around 8% – pardon, will add around 5%. So that will get us to that 8.125% at the midpoint of our range. To address your question with regards to MANTA, as I said in my prepared remarks, we continue to make excellent progress with the U.S. LMR in the quarter. We're getting very positive feedback and we've got a very high reorder rate from the testing sites. That to me is a real positive. We will continue with the LMR in Q3. And as I sit here today, I can tell you, we are pretty much finalized on our pricing strategy and we will go to full market release on January 1, 2020. With regard to its impact on the revenue in 2020, obviously expected to be positive, but again like my comments to many of your colleagues, unfortunately, I can't start to give guidance for 2020. I will do that when we announce our quarter four results and our guidance for the year, but I can tell you, Shagun that it's gone better than expectations and again it all comes back to patient outcomes and clinical data. This product has robust clinical data showing 70% reduction in major vascular complications and meantime to hemostasis going from 6 to 10 minutes, down to 23 seconds and the surety of closure is what we're discovering is really important to the sites that they know that they’ll close it first time, every time. So it's very positive. It's going well. And it will be a driver in 2020.
Liam Kelly: So, yes, so we expect to reimbursement in the latter half of 2020 and we expect to be generating revenue in 2021. So you're absolutely correct there. What we are doing in preparation of that, and this was part of the investments that we pulled forward into 2019, we have got market development specialists on the ground, working with the key opinion leaders and urologists in order to ensure that they are aware of the product. And that they are assisting in communicating with the authorities that the need for this product is in the marketplace and that is an ongoing process, and will continue during 2020 until we get the reimbursement in the latter half of 2020 and generate revenue in 2021.  And I would reiterate again Shagun that the revenue for UroLift was not initially in our LRP because we didn't anticipate having approval in Japan in 2021, which now we expect. So, we do expect revenue in 2021, which wasn't in our original plan.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So the TAM, we don't believe has changed. We still believe that the U.S. market is a $6 billion market, if you take the drug dropout category. The best data we had was during the L.I.F.T. study which showed that almost 70% of our patients came from the drug dropout category. And anecdotally, we don't think that has changed at all, that's where the majority of our patients come from. With regard to do we see a drop off in surgical procedures? No, and I wouldn't expect too much because as we promote the UroLift product and as doctors move more and more patients into treatment for BPH with the UroLift product, they will also draw from patients that would traditionally have had a TURP or had a surgery. But also we're adding to that pool of patients because as they examine the patient, they may find that patient has got an ongoing disease of the bladder or they may have a prostate, in 5% of cases the prostate is too large for UroLift and those patients will be added to the surgical pool. So, as we draw off from the surgical pool, we are also adding to the surgical pool, so therefore we've never expected that TURPs would go down for example as UroLift goes up. The third part of your question, Matt, I think was on the competitive landscape, we haven't seen any new technologies come to the marketplace and the technology that we see out there are the traditional ones, a TURP more or less is done with steam rather than with just a different form of ablation. And we continue to focus on the patient outcomes, because we believe that a patient will opt for a procedure that they can go in on a Friday, have the procedure done, won't wear a catheter, no sexual dysfunction, immediate relief and you could be back sitting at your desk on Monday morning rather than an invasive surgical procedure that gives you a risk of sexual dysfunction, almost guarantees you are wearing a catheter and in some instances that catheter placement is for a period of time. And I still believe that the real world data on UroLift is so compelling compared to the real world data on any other technology out there because our real world data is showing better results than the clinical data, whereas with other technologies, we've seen worse results in the real world as compared to the clinical data.
Liam Kelly: So, as the Chinese market is a significant market from the population standpoint, we are currently working on sizing that and we'll be able to give some more details as we enter that market space. I do think that we have an advantage in China insofar as that we have a very robust call point in China into the urologist. And the reimbursement world in China – Chinese market, Matt, is a paper plate. So it's an out-of-pocket and always has been, not just for this procedure but for every procedure, it is an out-of-pocket experience for the person that has the procedure. We will – are building our dossier for the submission of registration of the product to the Chinese authorities and we would anticipate at this stage sometime late in 2021, we would be in a position to get reimbursement, if they don't require clinical study, if they do, that would push that into 2022, Matt.
Liam Kelly: So what we're seeing in the limited, so first of all, let me size the market. We size the market as $200 million to $300 million that is before the expansion into lower TAVR procedures, that could probably add another $20 million or $30 million to our TAM potentially. What we're seeing in the limited market release is the majority of the procedures that it's being used in is in TAVR. We are focused on the TAVR centers and because it has, they are larger, they are faster growing and – but obviously that intervention is if it does the TAVR, it does the EVARs as well. So obviously, we're picking up EVAR procedures and even it's also being used with the Impella in a number of cases. From a pricing perspective, we have now got a much better understanding of the relationship between price and volume for the bigger centers versus the smaller centers. We have our pricing strategy pretty much complete in preparation for January 1 full launch of the product and we feel confident that we have pricing nailed down in order to ensure that pricing won't be a barrier to adoption based on volume. You'll have to excuse me, Anthony, if I don't go into details on the pricing, I'm sure our competitors listen to the call the same as anyone else. So, I don't want to share that from competitive reasons, but I can tell you, Anthony, that we feel incredibly confident in our pricing strategy. And we believe that it will not be a barrier to adoption. And even at the lower end of the pricing strategy that we have for a significant volume, it is up, still accretive to Teleflex and this product will be an accretive product to Teleflex gross margin and a driver for growth over the long-term.
Liam Kelly: Yes, thank you very much. So the intra-aortic balloon pump recall by the competitor, we won't see a benefit to that, Anthony, in all fairness, what customers will tend to do because it's capital equipment, they’ll postpone the purchase for a period of time. Our growth is purely down to taking share from that same competitor. Now, the longer the recall goes on, you would expect that in Q4, but still hangs out there, if you won't, we will get a benefit then. But our growth has been driven by us taking share from that competitor and our balloon pump business is growing in the very, very high teens rate in that area. So we're very confident in our business. I will tell you that we are taking share with new pump on the market, it's doing exceptionally well and we're very happy with that business. We will see – start to see the benefit, I believe of the recall, the longer it goes on and in particular as we get into this quarter we are in now and into the coming quarters.
Liam Kelly: Absolutely, Brian, I think that we are looking at it. First of all, we saw a modest destocking by distributors within the third quarter. So, and that's in line with our expectation, you normally expect to see that, but more encouraging for me, in the key North American market is the revenue I recognize is the revenue I sell into the distributor. But if I look at my tracings and if I look at the end customer demand, my end customer demand is actually greater than what I'm selling in and recognizing through the distributors. So that gives me a certain level of confidence that there is not an issue with regard to the stocking that I should be worried about, in particular, since I've seen modest destocking in the third quarter. Having said that it's, I don't have the best visibility into it, but I think the portfolio we've built, Brian, is one that has protected us against this. In the past, half of our business would have gone through these box-moving distributors, whereas now only a third of our business and the happiest moment for me, I have got to tell you was when we had some destocking in Q1 and restocking in Q2 and the investment community hardly even noticed it. And that's the type of portfolio we're trying to build in Teleflex, and that's the level of execution that we're trying to deliver in Teleflex and I have got to say the other bit that has happened is that I feel is that this is the fifth quarter back to back that we have been absolutely consistent in our delivery on almost every line on our income statement; revenue, margins and earnings. So the level of performance by our teams out there is at a very high level.
Liam Kelly: Okay, Adam. So, first of all, let me start with our leverage. Our leverage is about 2.45x at the end of this quarter. So we definitely have capacity. Multiples have not been the issue for us in the assets we look at, the assets that we have traditionally focused on were always high quality assets. The multiple expansion, at least what I'm seeing out there, has come in lower quality assets, which were never the assets that Teleflex had been interested in. Our preferred use of capital is to continue to do M&A and we are very active in the marketplace looking at assets. I guess, the easiest way to tell you, I'm spending more of my time on M&A in the last number of months than I have in any time since I took over as CEO. We continue to see attractive assets in the space that we look and I think what gives us an advantage in this area is that we're looking pretty broadly. So, we're looking in men's health, we're looking in vascular area, vascular area, we're looking in the surgical area, we're looking in the OEM area. We're looking in the Anesthesia and Emergency Medicine area, and of course we never stop looking in the Interventional, Cardiology, and Radiology area. So we're looking at a broad spectrum and the assets that we look at, we think we'd be able to carve out value even in the current environment, but rest assured we are active and busy.
Liam Kelly: Yes, thanks, Adam. So we're continuing with the limited market launch. As I said a couple of times, Percuvance is really a show me product. We want to finish the limited launch. We have some clinical work that we want to finish as well before we get too excited about the product, but rest assured, once we get to 2020 guidance, we'll give a further update.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So Dave, this has been pretty well documented within the media. The initial concerns were in relation to ETO emissions in the Atlanta area. Then it became, I believe, an issue for the local Cobb County with regard to permits. The company is working with the local Cobb County, the environmental group, the last I saw had put out a notice that the company was compliant to all the relative standards and they are working now with Cobb County trying to reopen the facility. As I said earlier, they don't have any line of sight as to when they will be able to reopen the facility, but we have transitioned products to other qualified sterilization cycles to minimize the impact down to that $8.7 million in revenue and $0.07 in EPS.
Liam Kelly: That is a one-time benefit that will occur this quarter, in this quarter only. I wouldn't count on that in the future. There may be some other restructurings out there that could bring on a similar benefit. However, I wouldn't count on that. There is no line of sight right now currently doing anything else along those lines.
Liam Kelly: Good question, Mike, one thing that we have done is we have looked at comparable cycles, validated additional cycles in a risk mitigation stance. And also we have on our major codes, as Tom mentioned in his discussion around our increase in inventory, part of the tactical increase in inventory is around risk mitigation against any other sterilization issues. I think, Mike, it really comes back to the fact that there are 20 billion medical devices that are sterilized in the United States using ETO. And it is a requirement because other types of sterilization processes do not work on products with deep crevices, products made of certain materials. So, I think we've got to have a balanced approach here. Obviously, we all want to protect the environment, we all want to have a safe environment to live in, but if you're living in LA, you have as much exposure because of pollution than you would in any other area. So, I think, common sense is starting to prevail. It is my observation and I was particularly encouraged by the FDA statement that they made last week.
Liam Kelly: Yes, there is a JAMA study that was published that I believe stated that a major complication would cost a hospital $18,000 to treat. That study was done in 2017. And the clinical data for the product is compelling in this area where it shows over 70% reduction in those major complications from 7.5% to 2%. So, if you combine that with the JAMA study, Mike, that that would be a compelling argument for any VAC committee.
Liam Kelly: 2020. So the bulk of the contingent consideration runs through to the end of 2020 and it is paid in 2021 for NeoTract.
Liam Kelly: Yes, absolutely. I think David asked about MANTA but happy to discuss EZPlas. As we said on our last call, we would give an update once we had a clear line of sight to BLA submission. But I can tell you that our collaboration with the FDA continues to be very constructive and obviously the FDA, Teleflex, and the military, we're all excited about the product as we know it can have a positive impact on humanity. As we continue this journey, we have done a significant amount of testing and we submitted that to the FDA. We have ongoing testing that we are doing that we will continue for the next few months. Again, working with the FDA, we have agreed the pediatric study plan, which was a big step forward. And I think that for us is a positive development. So we've covered that obstacle and of course, we are sailing unchartered waters with the FDA, but we are working hand and glove with them, making progress, and as soon as we have a clear line of sight to the testing being done, submitted to the FDA, and a clear timeline for the BLA, we will update the investment community. I would just remind you that we had about $7 million for this product in our LRP by 2021. And we believe that it is $100 million market opportunity, $25 million in the military and $75 million in the civilian market. So continue to work on it and making progress.
Liam Kelly: We're in good shape there. When we bought the NeoTract company, we identified this as a risk. And in the first 12 months, we opened up an alternative manufacturing site in one of our existing facilities, so we can manufacture this product in dual sites and we haven't had any impact of the power outs that I'm aware of. So, no impact of the power outs and dual manufacturing already established as a company.
Thomas Powell: Sure. So if we look at our fourth quarter EPS, I'd say that given the midpoint of our guidance, we're looking at 15% to 16% EPS growth. So, we look to put up another very solid quarter. Now in terms of just the third quarter performance, we came in favorable versus our internal expectations, favorable versus consensus by $0.22, and as an outcome, we raised our guidance at the midpoint, by $0.075. Now in addition to that $0.075 guidance range, we've also included in our guidance $0.06 associated with a stronger headwind from foreign exchange and a $0.07 adverse impact from the closure of the sterilization facility. So as we look into fourth quarter, we've got a couple of items that are impacting us negatively. But overall, we are pretty excited about the strength of the performance as we finish out the year, as mentioned, we're expecting earnings growth kind of in the 15% to 16% range.
Thomas Powell: And I just – just to add on to that, Larry, as we look at 2019 margin expansion, we believe that the business is performing incredibly well. So is the business creating financial leverage? Absolutely. However, there are kind of three factors that limit kind of the printed result on margin expansion and those are FX, that's been about a 40-basis point headwind in the year, tariffs is another 30 basis points. And then, we've made a number of investments for the future, which we believe will benefit us in the longer term, but this year, we've got expense with no real benefit and those include the market development in Japan for UroLift, the pre-launch U.S. investment from MANTA, we've got an acceleration of the UroLift sales hires through the fourth quarter now. And so that's another 65 basis points. So, if you think about it, we’ve got about 140 basis points factors that are kind of impacting this year that we believe will provide benefit for the future or perhaps go away in the future. So, the underlying operating performance of the business is very solid this year being masked somewhat by FX tariffs and some of the investments we've chosen to make.
Thomas Powell: And just to throw in a couple of factors that we've got out there happening in 2021, why they step up or why they hear steps up so much more than 2020. First is the conversion of the UroLift 2 we expect to complete by 2021, and that's going to drive actually a pretty significant amount of margin expansion. Then, also just on the cadence of our footprint projects, we will have meaningfully more savings in 2021 than we will in 2020. So those are two factors that serve to really drive that 2021 margin expansion, up more than the other years.
Thomas Powell: Sure. So to your point when we put together the LRP and guided at Analyst Day, we had said that free cash flow would average between $500 million and $550 million over the period 2019 to 2021 and inherent in that guidance was the assumption that free cash flow would in fact build to your point. So in 2019, we thought it would be less than that three-year average, 2020 kind of in line, and 2021 well in excess. Now since putting the LRP together, we've experienced improving results from the NeoTract business and we've made other business decisions aimed at improving our operations and some of these decisions will have an impact on the near-term free cash flow. So for 2019, I'd now expect cash flow from operations around $435 million and CapEx of approximately $100 million. Now let me give you some kind of the key deltas from when we put the LRP out there, why we're not seeing free cash flow at the same level that we initially expected. The first is that NeoTract is performing better and as a result, we are paying a higher level of contingent consideration than what was originally contemplated in purchase accounting and those additional payments in excess of what was initially booked actually go through cash flow from operations. Then, in addition, we put in an additional restructuring program in 2019. And that program doesn't generate savings until 2021 and there's also cash outflows that we have to invest in the project in 2019. And there's also CapEx associated with it. And then in another action that we've taken in an effort to really enhance customer service, we have reevaluated our safety stock levels and as a result we've increased our strategic inventory balances this year. Now we believe that this is part of the reason why we're seeing improved customer service results including improved on-time delivery. And we think will ultimately benefit the company over the longer term, but each of these have served to reduce the free cash flow from our previous expectations, but again we're pretty happy that NeoTract is over-performing. We think the increased inventory will actually help the business as well as the restructuring programs will help us in the longer term.
