David R. Lewis: Benson, I appreciate your comments about the fourth quarter, specifically. I think generally very clear. Just on the low end of guidance for the fourth quarter, that's a more material step than what we expect. Can you just talk about the factors that would bring the low end guidance into perspective in addition to the commentary you've already provided? And I had a couple of follow-ups.
David R. Lewis: Okay. And then maybe just 2 other quick ones. The first question is just in terms of next year's guidance, and I appreciate we're not going to get that for several months now, but maybe some sort of broad macro guideposts you could provide, specifically around, and for Tom, tax, and the ability to get the 55% gross margins by the end of '15. And then Benson, maybe for you, just given what you've seen here in 2014, the ability to get to a mid-single-digit type organic growth progression. And then just one more and I'll jump back in queue.
David R. Lewis: Great. Well I know it's early, I appreciate all that feedback. And just maybe one last one, Benson. The message last quarter was we see some SG&A upside, we're going to reinvest that back to certain products, specifically Vidacare and very strong growth from Vidacare. The other pipeline, excluding -- other pipeline products, excluding Vidacare, took a small step forward but clearly is a little below expectations for the year. Is there not some opportunity to reinvest some of this incremental upside into some of the other pipeline products, x Vidacare. And maybe just talk to us about some of the factors that have weighed on the progression of the other Vidacare pipeline programs in '14, and I'll jump back in queue.
Benson F. Smith: So I think if we took the most conservative view possible, not the most likely view, but the most conservative view possible, it brings us with the risk of being below 8%. Typically, we've done this in half percentage increments, so the next increment below that is 7.5%. It's not the most likely scenario, but we didn't want to be in the position where we gave our guidance now and had to adjust it further in the year if those most conservative potentials turn into realities.
Benson F. Smith: So just, I think, commenting on at least the way, internally, we look at our existing organic growth rate, it's probably more favorable than just using some arithmetic. We're looking at our volume growth, which is now at about 190 basis points, new product growth. I'm going to label it's probably likely to be between 80 and 100 basis points for the year. We think there are some potential to uptick that in 2015 based on our product rollout calendar. Although all the Vidacare revenue this year is counted as acquired growth, a percentage of that is, in fact, organic growth, and so that will go into our organic growth rate starting in December of this year. And then we're going to see a constant stream of dealer-to-direct activities. So this year, for example, we're getting some benefit from Australia, but we're also getting some negatives as a result of the dealer-to-direct transition in Japan. So when we net those out, I would say that we're -- and taking all those things cumulatively, we're between that 4.5% and 5% organic growth rate as we stand today.
Benson F. Smith: Yes, so the short answer to your question is, yes. We are quite excited about the launch of our Eon product line, which is the mini laparoscopic line of instrumentations. We actually thought we were going to launch that in Europe in the fourth quarter. And a leading institution in the United States asked us to delay it until first quarter when we had U.S. approvals so they could be the global launch of the product, but that is certainly consuming some resources as we prepare to launch that product. I mentioned ISO-Gard, that's going to continue to take some investment in channeling that nurse organization enthusiasm for the product into hospital conversions. So we're really not short on opportunities. I think, one of the issues is, when we decided to pull the trigger, midway -- it was almost midway through the third quarter when we had our second quarter earnings call, it just takes a little time to get those in place, and we weren't able to see the benefit of any of that additional spending in the third quarter.
Benson F. Smith: So let me just jump in on the first part. We certainly did not mean to imply that it's in question. I think we have always said that as this project progresses, there is a possibility that we delay closing a facility because of supply issues, et cetera, that's just part of the risk and that if there's any risk to us, it is in timing, not in actually getting to the 55% number. So we really haven't changed our thinking about that, and if it seemed like there was an inference to that point, let's correct that.
Benson F. Smith: So obviously, this year, a percentage of what is recorded as price increases comes from dealer-to-direct conversions. We are certainly going to see that continue on through the next several years. It's also responsible for part of our planned margin improvements over those next several years as well. I think we have been positively surprised at our ability to continue to get some non-distributed direct or core pricing up. And I think, in several occasions, we talked in the past about the fact that one of the things that we feel best about is instilling that pricing discipline within our businesses, where they are on the alert for those opportunities to be able to raise prices in certain markets in certain products. So we had been kind of reluctant to not put a longer-term goal out there as we did a couple of years ago, but I think we're still going to continue to see benefits from both those things, dealer-to-direct conversions and also just that inherent pricing discipline now.
Benson F. Smith: So I think just overall, our longer-term view of Asia, China, in particular, is that it's still going to be a growth opportunity and we still see that as an area of investment for us. I think the larger point we're just trying to make here, that I don't think that the growth rates that have been typical out of China for the past 5 years are likely to continue at that same robust number. But I would still say our longer-term expectation is that China grows somewhere between 6% and 8% in our product categories, which still makes it one of the healthiest growers around the world, and we continue to make investments there. The situation in Japan is a very much more time-sensitive kind of thing. We stopped selling to the distributor a couple of months ago, he's selling off his inventory, as I mentioned in my remarks. That process will be concluded sometime in mid-November, we estimate, and then we'll start to sell those hospitals directly. So we'll see a pretty dramatic recovery to Japan as soon as he's out of inventory.
Benson F. Smith: The easy comps for the Anesthesia/Respiratory business begin in fourth quarter. We had a GPO loss 1 year ago that has been negatively impacting their sales for that entire period. I think that expires -- or 1 year anniversary in the fourth quarter. ISO-Gard is, I would just say, is a product I still have a lot of confidence in. It's a very different sell, it's not a clinical sell, it's almost a workers' safety issue sell, and we are thinking more and more about what we need to do to support that process and try and expedite it. But in the economic climate in the hospital space, it tends to get tied up into these economic value committees in hospitals, which meet slowly and make decisions slowly.
Benson F. Smith: I would characterize it at this point as potential upside for next year. Our expectation is, is that after the launch in the first quarter in the U.S., we're going to be -- roll it out to a limited market release to make sure that the training and educational programs we put together are, in fact, adequate to get physicians comfortable with using it. I would say, though, I continue to be really optimistic about physician interest in this product line, and we continue to anticipate to make other investments to kind of broaden that out.
Benson F. Smith: So our thought is -- might not help you much in that area, our thought is there's a lot of volatility going on in currency. Just this week, the euro bounced around quite a bit, and that's one of the reasons why we think we're better served giving guidance time to our fourth quarter earnings release. Having a clear idea of what it's at least likely to look like, and then also understand whatever other mitigating strategies we've been able to put into place to counter that. But I would tell you, every year, we look at what the top 50 banks think is going to happen to the euro next year and the only consistent thing that's happened is they've been wrong each of those 4 years. So we sympathize with your effort to try and pin that down.
Benson F. Smith: Yes, so actually, I would put it in the positive column, and here's why I think that -- we do not want to let our distributors get into a situation where they have bloated inventories. The way that most, at least, Chinese, distributors work and also in other parts of Asia, is they tend to make a commitment to buy a certain amount of inventory for a year period. That works well when the markets perform with their expectations. This year, I think, the overall markets are performing below what they thought the growth rate was going to be. And to the extent that, that's true, and to the extent that there is additional inventory in our distributors, we'd rather see that play through in the fourth quarter this year than go into 2015 with any extra inventory in those distributors. So -- and I think part of that is we're in a good position to be able to take care of that, and it's generally how we prefer to operate with our distributors. If there's any lack of clarity is, we don't always know exactly what their sell-through is but we're in the process of having conversations with our majors distributors now as they are contemplating what their fourth quarter orders are.
Benson F. Smith: So I think that the opportunity in Japan is largely going to be completed with the result of the current effort. We still use a layer of subdistributors in Japan and our intention is not to go beyond what I would sort of describe that master distributor, in Japan. So for the most part, Japan will be up and running as we anticipated, should be by the end of this year. China, we have a series of different distributors, some of that is the result of acquisitions that we've recently made. China has a very complex web of distributors, and depending on where in China you want to distribute, whether it's in that main core of hospitals or whether it's in more rural areas, we make different distribution decisions. So that's a little hard to answer and the fact is if we added up all our distributors we'd probably have hundreds of distributors in China that distribute Teleflex products. Our efforts right now in terms of inventory conversations is limited to the few large distributors that we have.
Benson F. Smith: So first of all, the EZ-IO product is the Intraosseous product. So we really have 2 products, and both of them are doing extremely well and above our expectations. OnControl right now is a little bit more growth-centered in the U.S. EZ-IO, we're seeing growth in every geography where it's positioned. The opportunities over the next couple of years really relate to additional usage in difficult to stick patients, which we're getting increasing acceptance of from the clinician community. That principally relates to expanded use in hospital settings. We also are launching the product in Japan and in China and have approval in both of those countries to start launching it, so that -- there's certainly an element of geographic expansion to it. But I would say, we remain bullish for lots of reasons about the future for Vidacare over the next 5 years. We still see it as a growth product looking out that far.
Benson F. Smith: So I mean, really, our ability to grow that business is -- in that particular setting, has a lot to do with the acceptance of the Intuitive product. We're happy to see that, that is, I think, showing some improvement, and we value that partnership with them.
Benson F. Smith: So it's a more typical pattern than an atypical pattern. Last year, we were concerned with a lot of emphasis to cut health care spending as a result of a weakened economy. We were concerned as to whether or not we'd actually see that typical pattern develop. This year, I would say, while there's certainly still some economic uncertainty in Europe, it hasn't translated into a lot of efforts to cut health care spending. So we are less concerned about that not happening this year than we were last year.
Benson F. Smith: So our PICC line is one of our faster-growing product lines on a percentage basis. I think that both those issues, occlusion rates and infection rates, are becoming much more serious topics of conversation in hospitals for a variety of reasons, particularly now having to report those infection rates is driving that concern. So our PICC business was up 22% on a year-over-year comparison this quarter, and we expect that to continue to improve as we're able to marry that technology up with a built-in stylet to take advantage of our targeting position as well. So we're encouraged with our PICC progress.
Benson F. Smith: Yes, so in terms of our general acquisition strategy, Chris, it remains the same. We are interested in dealer-direct conversions, we still have an interest in late-stage technology acquisitions as a way to augment our internal R&D efforts. And when it comes to more major acquisitions like Vidacare and LMA, we're looking for those opportunities that first of all, provide us higher gross margins than our existing product lines so we can get a margin benefit from them. We're looking for products that have a higher growth rate than our existing organic growth rate and we're looking for products that we think we can really command a significant leading position in that product category: products that are well protected by patents, product that have good brand names associated with them. And that's because we think those products are going to fair the best in the health care environment over the next couple of years as the cost implications of demographics really start to kick in. So that has served us well and our sort of general theory is that if something is working really well, do more of it.
Benson F. Smith: So I think I would still describe it as having some ambiguity. We're encouraged by some of the reports and conversations we're having with providers. A big part of their increase seems to be coming more from outpatient and emergency room visits than necessarily acute-care procedures. However, in those product lines that we have that are most affected by acute-care procedures, we saw some accelerating growth. So fourth quarter usually turns out to be a really important trend line for us. We should see a -- and normally see a pretty good pickup in activity in U.S. hospitals in the fourth quarter. So we're hopeful that, that's going to happen, but -- and it's one of the factors that we want to have a better understanding of as we put together our final plans for 2015.
Benson F. Smith: So I think the size and type and ownership of the kinds of properties we're looking at haven't been influenced much yet. I think also, I would just point out that we tend to go after targets where we're the most logical buyer and can usually offer more than certainly a private equity company or even another strategic company because we have quite a bit of natural synergy. So we haven't seen that trend as much in the size of companies we're looking at versus some of the other larger acquisitions, which might have additional tax benefits, et cetera.
Thomas E. Powell: Okay. Well, as mentioned, we do intend to give specific guidance as we release our fourth quarter earnings. But just in terms of general, on tax, we had made a commitment to get to 23% on an adjusted basis for 2014 and to be able to carry that rate forward into the future. As we look at where we are this year, we're a bit ahead of that. Some of that is due to some discreet items that we won't be able to replicate. But as I look at that 23%, we feel pretty good about that number, and our goal is to try and bring it down from that. So I would think that 23% would be the higher end and we're working obviously to try and get closer to where we are this year. But again, this year's got some discreet items in it. As for the 55%, our commitment all along has been to achieve 55% as we exit 2015. You heard a bit about the facility footprint project is underway and moving forward, so we feel good about its progress to date. We have a number of other actions that will help us to get to that 55%, we feel good about those plans. So if anything, the discussion about 55% is, one, about timing, not necessarily getting there. So if there were any comment that I'd leave you with is, we feel good about the 55%, we feel good about our ability to get there and perhaps further, the question could be on the variability of when exactly that date occurs. Now we'll give more specific guidance on that as we get into our earnings release for the fourth quarter and providing the guidance. But essentially, we feel pretty good about that 55% right now.
Thomas E. Powell: Yes, so essentially what we've outlined now is spending this year -- there's a couple adjustments, none of them that significant, but we are just providing an update as to where our current spending is. So if you like, I can walk you through where we were and where we are now. So capital, initially, we had talked about $10 million to $15 million in the year, we now estimate that to be in the range of $8 million to $10 million. In terms of the restructuring -- restructuring-related expenses, we had previously discussed $22 million to $23 million, we're now expecting $15 million to $17 million. And then other operating expenses, previously were $5 million to $6 million, we now see those as $4 million to $5 million. So just getting back on the point on timing, as we laid out the initial expectations, those are the numbers that we thought we would initially spend. We've now gotten closer to the actual projects and what's going to be involved, and we've got more fine-tuned numbers. And so some of that will be coming forth in the first quarter versus in December of this year. So again, we don't expect any change to the total cost of the entire project. We don't expect any change to the total savings estimate. However, there is a bit of a timing shift here. And again, I wouldn't read too much into that timing shift other than just a refinement of the estimates.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, we largely think about hedging as a way to protect economically versus from an accounting standpoint. So we're largely hedging transactions where we're transacting in other currencies. We do not currently hedge against translational impact or the accounting impact of translating our foreign books to U.S. dollars. And as we look at that, the cost and other associated complexity of that, we concluded that's not a path we're going to go down. So we're going to continue to be exposed to that translational impact. The currency that impacts us the most, as mentioned, is the euro, just given the relative size of that in our business model. And as Benson mentioned, we've seen currency go up and we've seen it go down, and so some years we'll have a benefit, some years it could be a detriment. And our plan is to continue to build out that financial model with many different earnings drivers so that in those years where it looks like it's going to be a detriment, we've got some other opportunities to pull out of the bag to offset that currency impact. So that's how we're thinking about it. But largely, we try and control the pure economic risk, if you will.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, you've got to look at the relative exchange rates in those quarters, so are you -- the $0.08 to $0.10 was relative to where we were in Q3, sequentially, where we're going to be in Q4. So you'd have to look at all the relative exchange rates for those quarters to make that assessment. And I just don't have that information readily available.
Thomas E. Powell: Sure. Well I wouldn't say that there was anything significant in particular that we incurred, but we did pick up some benefits related to a fringe on insurance and some other miscellaneous costs, and collectively, they were a benefit during the quarter that we don't expect to reoccur. We also have some seasonality in the fourth quarter related to just how our various conferences are timed, so we've got some higher-level expense in the fourth quarter as a result of that. So I wouldn't be able to point to anything individually that's fairly significant. It was rather a collection of smaller items that had an impact positively in the third quarter, and likewise, we've got some seasonality in the fourth quarter that would shift the other direction.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, as we look at the sequential shift, there's a couple of significant factors. So we've called out the FX impact of $0.08 to $0.10. Talked about tax in the range of $0.05. We think the share impact is $0.02. And as far as the incremental investments, we've got a number of programs put in the plan. Again, that's the same comment that we made earlier. We expect to spend it all, the question, if anything, is timing. And that's why the range in our guidance just depending on how much of that we actually get implemented during the fourth quarter. So I don't have a specific number on those additional investments that I'm be willing to quote.
