Liam J. Kelly: Hey, David. Thank you. So, regarding 2019 guidance, obviously, we'll provide that in February, not on this call. But you're right in your expectation of our fourth quarter growth. And as we outlined in the call, if you look at, through three quarters, our core organic growth was 3.7%. UroLift rolls off M&A in the fourth quarter; that will add 3%. And the additional day will add about 1.3%. So, in my mind, that's simply math that gets us to that increased performance in the fourth quarter. And then, we have a general improvement in our underlying business based on what we saw within the third quarter and that should add about 60 basis points. And again, we were able to reaffirm our full year constant currency guidance at 12% to 13% and the only adjustment we made, quite frankly, is for currency which is beyond our control. And then I'll let Tom answer the second part of your question.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. Sure. So, we're at the early – I'll start with MANTA, David. So, we are currently going through PMA approval for the key North American market and that's really goose that has the potential to lay the golden egg if I can put it that way. It's the biggest market for large bore closure. I would be very hopeful that by the time we get to 2019 guidance, that we would have very clear visibility on our PMA process and approval. If we do need a panel review, we could have approval in the first half of the year. If we don't need a panel review – sorry – if we don't need a panel review, it would be in the first half of the year; if we do, it will be in the latter half of the year. And we'll know that for sure, I think, by February. Regarding Percuvance, I still think the market potential for this is in that $300 million range globally. The sales team are very excited to get the product back into their hands. We're doing a limited market release late in Q4 now that we've gotten the approval, and we will start to roll the product out during 2019. We want to assess the pent-up demand that was there and the momentum that we had built up when we removed the product from the marketplace, and at that time then we'll give a much clearer assessment as to what we expect in 2019, 2020 and 2021. But, clearly, it's a great starting point to get the 510(k). We're very excited about MANTA. We think that will address a $200 million to $300 million market opportunity as I said in my prepared remarks, and that's looking at TEVAR and EVAR closure procedures. And we firmly believe that we will be first to market with this product. This product is interesting because we've been talking to this company for four years, and as an organization, we had a decision whether to make or buy this. We were working on an internal development ourselves, and we decided that it's very complex to get a large bore closure device that works. And it's very hard to get a large bore device that works yet venous stasis (39:17). And one of the added complications when you're in the cath lab is that you won't bring in the next patient until you're sure your hemostasis on the one that's on the table. So we believe, and we got to prove this out with clinical data, but we believe we can make the cath labs more efficient and some of the anecdotal evidence we got from the Netherlands would tell us that they're getting an additional procedure through the cath lab as a result of using the MANTA large bore closure device.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. So, it was contemplated within our guidance, Rich. And OEM had an excellent performance from a volume perspective as well as some benefit from the new rev rec rules. In any quarter, there are revenue puts and takes, and if I take them all into account, the puts and the takes including the OEM, we probably had a net positive of around 20 basis points net-net. So, the OEM gave us a positive. We didn't fully get through the disruption in the supply chain. And the total impact within the quarter of the OEM, to answer your question directly, was about $3 million, Rich.
Liam J. Kelly: Absolutely. And if you – Rich, there's always puts and takes, as I said. So, if I take all the puts and all the takes, and if I take the $3 million positive from that, we didn't fully get through all of our supply disruptions. There's about $1 million there. We got over $3 million, as I said, on the second quarter from distributor orders, most of it stuck – about $2.2 million of it stuck. So, you add it all up, it's about a 20-basis point impact.
Liam J. Kelly: So, as Tom said – and I'll throw it to Tom, but I'll just make an opening. As Tom said in his comments, most of these were transitory in nature and our long term margin guidance, as we said, were ratable, and I think that nothing has changed in our restructuring programs, nothing has changed in the acceleration of mix coming from NeoTract and VSI. As you can see, their performance is exceptional. But I'd get Tom go into more of the details I think.
Liam J. Kelly: So our organic growth rate was 5.6% and that includes about 1% from VSI. So, therefore, we're at 4.6% on a true organic basis for our core business within the quarter.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. Well, we have this philosophy, Larry, as you know within Teleflex that not all growth is equal. If you look at where we're trying to grow our business, we're trying to grow our business in NeoTract, within our Interventional Access, within Asia-Pacific, within our Vascular business and within our Anesthesia business, and now within MANTA. All of these businesses have one thing in common: they're all accretive to our gross margin and, therefore, they'll give us better leverage within our P&L. Coming back to your specific question on our core business, if you look at the core business within the quarter, it grew by 4.6%. If you look at our guidance towards the end of the year, in the second half of the year, we should be very close to that 4% for our core business. And as I've always said, if our core business does 4% – if it does a little bit less than 4%, we have enough levers within UroLift and within VSI to cover if it is slightly less than 4% to make us very comfortable in our 6% to 7% as an organic growth number over the multi-year period.
Liam J. Kelly: So, we think we're very close, Larry, to having this as the first line of care. All the clinical data shows that the real life experience is very close to L.I.F.T data, and that's very important, number one. The clinical outcomes data is very, very compelling. The urinary retention that I mentioned is an important one because, previously, those men would wear a catheter for the remainder of their life; by using UroLift, now 90% of them don't wear a catheter. We also need to get greater penetration within the urologists. We're still very early in the penetration rate of urologists. There's 12,000 urologists within the United States and we have a long way to go to penetrate those urologists. Once we have all of those trained, it will become the standard of care and the key number of urologists, those are less than 6,000 that treat 80% of BPH patients. But we're going to continue, Larry, to go deep rather than wide to ensure this product is sticky and that it does become the standard of care for the treatment of BPH.
Liam J. Kelly: So our PICC growth was around 18% for the quarter, Larry, and we're really encouraged by that. We do not have our coated PICC yet registered within China. We're working on it. We have the clinical study underway to support our submission. And we're looking forward to having that product on the market in the next – once we get clinical study done, thereafter, the submission should take 12 to 18 months, but we continue to take share within the key North American market, and it is because of our antimicrobial and antithrombogenic coating technology that reduces infections for the hospitals. And now that they have to report them, they're very keen to adopt our technology.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. So, in the fourth quarter, we have one additional day, Anthony, and that should add about 1.3%. And as I said earlier, that's simply a math problem having that additional day. And 2019 will have the same number of days as we had within 2018. And then, obviously, UroLift rolls into organic, that should add 3% within the quarter. And general business improvement continuing as we've seen in quarter three should be the last pillar to get us to our full year guidance range.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. So, our existing – I'll first start with how many we've trained. So we've trained over 1,700 of the 12,000 urologists in North America. Regarding the utilization within physicians, our average physician that we trained is doing an average of about four procedures a month. Our highest adopting physicians are up into the teens with their adoption rate with some of them even going beyond the teen numbers. So we believe that's a nice move forward. So 97% of our revenues are coming from the existing physicians and we continue – and that's because of our strategy to continue to go deep rather than go wide. And again, Anthony, it's about utilization and we continue to see that utilization rate improve as we go deeper within these physician practices.
Liam J. Kelly: Thank you, Anthony. So, obviously, both treatments are going after BPH patients. I think that our clinical data, and in particular, as it applies to sexual dysfunction, the reduction in catheter rate is critically important for men. And I'm speaking, Anthony, as a 52-year-old man myself. I personally would not want to wear a catheter. I would not want to have any impact on sexual dysfunction. And where we're targeting taking our share from is from drug dropout. That's where our core market we believe is, not from the surgery market. I'm not really sure whether Rezūm is targeting at the TURP market and taking share in that smaller segment. It does to me appear to be more, at least from my perspective, to be more of an ablative therapy compared to the other ablative therapies, whereas ours, we believe, is just a better solution; non-invasive, great clinical data, very fast recovery time, no catheter, no sexual dysfunction, so we still feel very confident that the clinical data will bear out in the long term.
Liam J. Kelly: Yes. And Mike, you absolutely nailed it there. That's exactly what we've done. We lapped the go-direct timeframe in quarter three. So that is why you would see a slight deceleration in the China growth from that go-direct. But, still, we're very, very happy with the performance. We believe that we have done excellent execution on the go-direct of our vascular and cardiac business within China, and we continue to be encouraged by what we see within the growth within the key China market.
Liam J. Kelly: No, no, we – even if there is a slight downturn in the general economy, I can't see it having that much impact on healthcare. The government is very focused on providing significant continued investment into healthcare. And quite frankly, the people are demanding better healthcare and it's a pay for service and they're demanding better healthcare within there. And of course, we all know it's hard to determine what exactly is a slowdown in that geography with the data that comes out. But we haven't seen it in our business, Mike, to answer your question directly.
Liam J. Kelly: I am because we have that data. So the uptick – initially, we got a bolus of orders in excess of $3 million, about $2.2 million of it was sticky to the quarter. And that was anticipated in our guidance as well, Mike.
Liam J. Kelly: So our view is that we will continue to do investment behind clinical data. I think I've spoken to the investment community about a study we just kicked off in France. That's going to assist our reimbursement within Europe. And we have never thought, Matt, that we would be alone in this large BPH market. But I think we have the most robust clinical data out there in the market and that was borne out in this conference in Paris where we had five papers presented at the conference, which was more than any other technology in any area of men's health as far as I could see and also much more than any other – more papers for UroLift than any other BPH technology that's out there. Now, I can assure you there's probably three skunkworks going on somewhere working on a treatment for BPH. I can also assure you, in the last 20 years, the graveyard is full of technologies that were supposed to address BPH and that UroLift is the first one that has come up with a unique methodology to treat BPH with the symptoms that we have. So, you can expect to see a continued cadence in investment on further clinical data to support the UroLift and making it a frontline care for BPH.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. We have an internal plan for ongoing clinical data that was considered when we put out our three-year plan. So I wouldn't see any change to that required to do what we need to do with UroLift to make it the standard of care, Matt.
Liam J. Kelly: Well, Brian, I think that, consistently, if you look at on a full year basis, Teleflex has consistently performed. From 2014 to 2017, our average constant currency growth was 4%. And you know, Brian, this is almost like when you get a little bit older and you look back and you think every summer was a great summer. In the reality, not every summer was a great summer. And even within Teleflex during that time, and thank you for complimenting me on my COO role, but even during that time, Brian, there were ebbs and flows. We had nuances within the quarter. But, as we saw this quarter, I always try to remind people with every ebb there is a flow. And we saw that rebound very strongly within this quarter as well. We have made management changes by appointing a Head of North America to make sure that we have that consistent of performance. And I think that we don't give quarterly guidance, Brian, and Teleflex should be judged on how we do in an annual basis. And consistently, we performed on an annual basis.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. Sure. So, I think I'll start with the share wins, for sure. I think that obviously PICCs is a nice area for us for share wins. Vidacare continues to perform very well and that's not really a share win, that's converting the market. Our Interventional business with the VSI portfolio continues to grow and take share. And I'm really encouraged by what we're doing within Asia-Pacific. I'm not sure that I would categorize it as a share loss, but we do see tougher economic volatility, if I can put it that way, within EMEA where there's more pricing pressure within the market. It's always kind of been there, but Europe continues to be a fairly price sensitive market for Teleflex and our portfolio there. And that's probably the area I'd point out where we see a little bit of additional competition.
Liam J. Kelly: So, within the 21%, obviously, for VSI, there is – the go-direct is counted within that. So that's a large portion. But, outside of that, we do see Turnpike as a product continue to drive significant growth within that portfolio. That's still growing in the 40% range. We see the GuideLiner and TrapLiner doing an excellent job for us, and we'll continue to take share within that segment. And those would be two of the areas. And we've also launched new products around guidewires that are building momentum within the marketplace. But we're incredibly pleased with VSI and the performance of VSI, and indeed, the performance of our overall Interventional business unit because, along with VSI, we're seeing a nice uptick on legacy products because of the additional sales force. And we didn't build sales synergies into our models, but I'm seeing that we are getting them.
Liam J. Kelly: So this is a different market segment. It is similar to that product that you've mentioned, but it's a very different market segment. And therefore, we believe it would attract a significantly higher ASP. Remember, Dave, that when they're closing these large bore closures, they're using two or three of these devices right now. So it's an expensive closure system for them. They also have 7%, on average, complications, as I said in my prepared remarks. We can take those down to 2% in the clinical data that we demonstrated. And as I also said earlier, we got to prove this, but what we have anecdotally seen in the Netherlands where we have significant penetration with this device is that they're actually able to make the cath lab more efficient. Now, if you could get one more patient through that cath lab, all bets are off as to the price, because they won't even be talking about the price of the product because it just makes them more efficient. And of course, they will know that, for vascular complications, that patient is going to cost the hospital $18,000 to get that patient treated. So, therefore, this will have a higher price point than the one you stated for sure.
Liam J. Kelly: Okay. And yet again, the investments in Japan were contemplated in our three-year guidance. So, to make that clear, we will begin by putting some clinical people on the ground to start develop the market. The key here is to get our reimbursement, so we will work in the fourth quarter beginning and then in 2019 to bring the product to get some clinical exposure to it. And then we will obviously begin immediately going through the 12- to 18-month process to get reimbursement for the product. We will then move to get those clinicians that we would have developed to do the clinical work for the post-market study that is required as part of our approval. But I got to tell you, we couldn't be more excited about getting this product Shonin approved. We believe that in using the same criteria to size the U.S. market at about $6 billion, the Japanese market is about $2 billion, and the Interventional Urology team has done an excellent job. I would like to remind people, we only submitted this Shonin in Q1. This is an incredibly fast time line to get approval within the same calendar year. Internally, we were expecting it to take at least 12 months. So, we couldn't be more pleased with the progress we're making there, and we will work to develop that market during 2019 in anticipation of reimbursement sometime thereafter.
Liam J. Kelly: Well, I think MANTA is an interesting example like that. We met with Greg and the entire team four years ago, and we had been building that relationship, watching their progress very closely. That's one example as to how we find assets. Obviously, another one is the banking world know that Teleflex is very acquisitive. They know what we're looking for in the assets that we want. They know that we're very focused on interventional space, men's health, the vascular space and also anesthesia and surgical. So they will bring us assets as long as they know that it meets our growth criteria, our margin expansion criteria, and our leverage criteria. As Tom outlined in his prepared remarks, we're now on a gross leverage down near to the low 3s. So that gives me encouragement that we also have the financial ability to do activity if we find the right assets. It's not lost on us in Teleflex that we're a different organization. We will stick to our strategic criteria and we only get credit for the good acquisitions, not credit for acquisitions, full stop. So, we're very focused on finding the right assets and executing. And I think it's become a core competence of this organization to find these assets, bring them into the Teleflex family and accelerate the growth thereafter by leveraging our global footprint.
Liam J. Kelly: So, I'll start with Essential. Obviously, Essential is dilutive in the fourth quarter to our earnings which is partially reflected in Tom's comments around our full year guidance. Now, we will give guidance for Essential in February. And the only reason I'm saying that, Kristen, is because it's very dependent on whether we need a panel review or not as I said a little earlier. And we will have greater line of sight on that when we come to give earnings guidance. Our expectation is that Essential will be dilutive in 2019 and then accretive thereafter. And then your other question was around NeoTract. Yes, we're well on track to have NeoTract to deliver in line with our expectation of $0.35 to $0.40 in 2019.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, currency is fairly a headwind right now. I think the average for the year is probably going to end up somewhere around $1.17 to $1.18 relative to – that's on the euro – relative to where it's currently trading, which is more in the $1.14 range. So that could be a slight headwind for us as we get into the year. But we'd have to see how the whole basket of other currencies are trending at year-end. So, certainly, there's some volatility as a result of FX movements this year; seems to have stabilized a little bit right now in kind of the $1.14 range.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah. That's exactly it. So, as we looked at the items that impacted 2018, the majority of them are transitory. I would say that the tariffs will be one that are sticky. We quantified that currently at $3 million, but again, that's not something that will throw us off our longer-term track. As we look at that long-term margin expansion, it's really predicated on a couple of key things. One are the restructuring programs that we put in place, and those programs are still right on track and delivering as expected. It's also a margin expansion story based on some of our key product offerings such as NeoTract, Vascular Solutions, and even Vidacare. And as we look at those businesses, we remain very, very confident in their performance and, in fact, pretty excited by some of the performance we've seen recently with NeoTract beating expectations and Vascular Solutions putting up double-digit growth consecutive quarters in a row. So we're excited by the margin drivers from both a revenue and a cost standpoint. So, you should expect to see continued expansion next year and to the coming years.
Thomas E. Powell: And there's about, call it, 80 basis points of taking Vascular Solutions direct from a pricing standpoint that's included then in the organic number.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, just for currency overall, on the revenue impact, it's still a tailwind for the year. We now estimate that tailwind to be about 150 basis points. It used to be an expectation of 200 basis points. So that's going to reduce our revenue obviously, and that has an impact to our third and fourth quarter earnings. I would say that's kind of on the negative side. We also have some dilution from the recent acquisitions that's going to hit the fourth quarter, the incremental tariffs. And on the positive side of the equation, we've got reduced interest expense as a result of the swap and a frankly strong third quarter earnings in part due to taxes and some other factors. So, a number of pluses and minuses that kind of all come together to offset what our expectations are in the fourth quarter as to the pluses and minuses from currency and other factors.
Thomas E. Powell: Okay. Well, let me just first touch on I think you asked about restructuring. And so, as we look at all the programs out there that we have in place, there are a number of programs underway including, frankly, the 2014, 2016 and 2018 footprint realignment programs, the integration of Vascular Solutions and OEM manufacturing project. And if you combine all of these, the restructuring savings are in the range of $107 million to $127 million at the time they're fully completed. Now, what we talked about is through the end of 2017, we've realized $45 million of those savings, leaving another $62 million to $82 million for this year and through the completion of these projects. And the way to think about that is we had talked about $25 million to $35 million being in the timeframe of 2019 to 2021 and then we obviously realize – we'll realize some this year and then that leaves the remainder for 2022 to 2025 timeframe. So, the way to think about that remaining $62 million to $82 million of savings is probably a quarter of it this year, about 40% over the timeframe 2019 to 2021, and then the balance thereafter. And how that plays into our longer-term gross margin objective is it's certainly a component, but as we look at the most important components of that 200 to 350 margin – or I should say basis point margin expansion through 2021, the biggest impact is really related to mix. So the favorable benefit from NeoTract, Vascular Solutions, and other products such as our PICCs and Vidacare really are the largest component driving that margin expansion. The restructuring program is certainly a component of it, and if you think about the numbers that I cited of $25 million to $35 million, that's about 100 basis points at the midpoint of that range. And again, I would say that mix will play a more important piece of the margin expansion story over that 2019-2021 timeframe.
Thomas E. Powell: Okay. Well, there's a couple of things that play into that. One was a change in some of the contingent consideration payments. As we continue to see the performance of some of the acquisitions, we adjust the amount of contingent consideration to reflect that. We also had an impairment during the quarter related to our Hotspur Technology which would roll into that. And then we had a restructuring program earlier this year that obviously had some impacts.
