Liam Kelly: Hey Larry, It’s Liam here, we still feel pretty confident in the longer term of 5% to 6%, and what that is based on predominantly is in our Outlook for in particular the North American market. What I would like to point out is that we while our North American business units reported save 3.6% in quarter 3, we have really good visibility on tracing out direct customer sales. That would indicate that our actual sell through to hospitals, which for us is the more critical point is the uses of our product in hospitals, in North America during the third quarter was in the high 5%s from a percentage. So we do not think that the third quarter truly reflects what our business is capable of doing. And we see this is a good indicator of actual demand for Teleflex products. We have also seen a nice recovery in EMEA to achieve over 2% growth in the quarter so we have seen acceleration there. We have also seen Asia starting to recover in next year, to sort of bridge the 5% to 6% in the longer term. So broadly speaking North America would drive increased revenue growth, a modest recovery in EMEA for those singles, and getting Asia in particular up into the high single-digit category should get us there, Larry.
Liam Kelly: Now just to reinforce that we have seen a pickup in new products particularly in our key North American market from 1.2% in Q1 to 2.2% in Q3. So we anticipate having a more robust new product and it gets to the fact committee. We found, Larry that it is taking six to nine months to get through these fact committees. So therefore it causes a little bit of a lag between launching these products and getting the revenue recognition for them. Which we have not fully anticipate.
Liam Kelly: Our overall new product revenue quarter three was 1.3%. The comments I was making about North American new product adoption was that we saw an uptick in new product adoption in our key North American markets. Going from 1.2% in Q1, to 1.6% in Q2, to 2.2% in Q3. So Brooks my comments was that even though products have now got through the value analysis committee the signs are positive that in our key North American markets we’re beginning to see traction. And what the value analysis committees have called is a delay in the products getting through to the hospitals.  And I will just give you a little bit more anecdotal of a positive outcome. Even though Percuvance itself is not going to drive significant revenue in 2016, I will start to climb through 2017. We see that we have approximately a 70% hit rate in Percuvance going through value analysis committees in getting approval. So that’s a positive sign for us on Percuvance and on value analysis committees in general. But it does cause a lag in the six to nine months, Brooke.
Liam Kelly: Absolutely. We are quite bullish on our North American market which is a key market. I think as Benson said a number of times not all growth is equal. So growing in North America is a key part of our strategy. We see that in our tracings and our direct to customers that the North American market is actually growing faster than our reported numbers would indicate. And for us, Brooks, clearly the demand at the hospital level is consumption of our product and that is absolutely key to us. On a geographic standpoint we do require an uptick in our Asian market, and in particular Asian markets. So the up in Asian markets in particular, in China in particular, in India, and again more modestly within our Korean markets. And even within the quarter we saw that China grew by 8%, and India grew 9% in this current quarter on constant currency. We’re not expecting much acceleration in the EMEA but a modest acceleration in order to get to accelerated growth in 2017.
Liam Kelly: You asked about our 2014 restructuring Kristen I just want to touch on that. So as we detailed the restructuring plan has been recast, as you say, from $28 million to $35 million to a new range of $23 million to $27 million. Now we do have an offset because the decision was to move to [indiscernible]. In doing that it does address some health care provider safety. And this added safety will allow us to take a modest price increase which will get the combined savings range to $28 million to $33 million. So we are pretty close to the original range. I think that we will continue to work and continue to update the investment community on mitigations, and we continue to look to improve that timeline. But, the information that we have in front of us at the moment is as accurate as we can provide to you today. Notwithstanding that we are in discussions with our operations people, and we are in discussions with outside vendors to assist us to improve the timeline and we will update you as that becomes available.
Liam Kelly: David Let me talk about the cost first. It is a timing issue driven predominantly by a requirements to provide a vial versus ampoule which add a few knock on affects. One impact was a tray reconfiguration transpiration as you can imagine this is a complex project. This added an incremental time like in order to get this executed and delivered. With regard to what is driving the price increase, moving from an ampoule to a vial does address some significant, clinician safety concerns. When you break and ampoule you sometimes get some healthcare accidents that occur with that. We believe that the change is a mark improvement, and allows us to put in a modest price increase into our anesthesia and vascular kits. That is a component of the offset against the timing.
Liam Kelly: So Robby, when we talk about distributor delaying we are really talking about a different kind of distributor. We’re talking about distributors overseas that distribute our products. So they buy products from Teleflex, they have a sales organization, and they sell that through to the end market. The distributors in North America, distribution help for more of a better way of putting it they’re the [indiscernible] of this world, that would not be part of our strategy to go into the distribution and of the business in North America.
Liam Kelly: I will deal with Vidacare product, the first sold, in our prepared remarks Vidacare in the quarter grew by 20% in line with our expectations. We see our full-year growth to be in that 20% range. As you know this is a very high margin project and one that drives a lot of value in our mix for Teleflex and it is part of the reason that even with a softer sales line that we do not have the operating incoming impact that one would expect from that. Dealing with new products and the value analysis committee, yes, it has reformed our thinking as to the timing of new products, once we launch them and they enter into our sales force. We now see a lag, as I said in my prepared remarks, of about six to nine months before the product comes through. I do want to quantify that though with our hit rate and I used the example of Percuvance as a product that we’re working through value analysis committees at the moment. Our hit rate on Percuvance is in the 80% of value analysis committee that we present to that we get approval., So it is a 70% approval weight to the value analysis committee. So we are quite confident that once we get to the value analysis committee we get through, but it does take a six to nine months for that to happen. So we have revised our thinking on our new product revenue to stage it a little bit, the acceleration of growth in new products to stage it a little bit later with that 6 to 9 month window there.
Liam Kelly: Okay. I’ll take that one. So our PICC growth, as I said in my prepared remarks in North America was double-digit. So over 10% growth in North American markets. Which is the largest PICC market in the world. We are in the process of registering our PICC product globally. We do not have a pressure injectable PICC with coding technology registered in the Chinese market. Our competitor may be growing overseas, but for sure our share gains in North America demonstrates was that double-digit growth in our PICC market. And that is the largest PICC market. So we are very comfortable with the growth and share gains we are taking in the key North American market.
Liam Kelly: I would just add on the cardiac business, we have a reasonably robust new product pipeline coming through that we believe is going to accelerate the growth within cardiac. It is creative to our overall growth on the top line, but you are right, Matt, more of the business overseas than in North America. But notwithstanding that, it is as Benson said a duopoly. There is one other player in that market space. So it is still quite attractive to us.
Liam Kelly: I would say that we have made no changes to the way that we calculate savings on the restructuring. We have been consistent in the way that we calculate that.
Liam Kelly: The product categories that are impacted by the flu season are in our vascular portfolio. Our central venous catheters are impacted. Within our anesthesia portfolio you have laryngeal mass, and to tracheal tubes and those. And in our respiratory portfolio the humidification part of that portfolio, those are the three. For example Brian our surgical portfolio has zero impact on a strong or weak flu season, and similar to our cardiac portfolio. How do we measure the impact? We look at trends as to what happens in prior years. So, last quarter 3, a lot of the distributors bought in quarter three in anticipation of the flu season. And that simply did not happen in this quarter. We saw a pickup last year in North America in quarter 4, and it normally comes in late November into December in quarter 4. We anticipate at the top end of our range that same phenomenon. We have spoken to our large distributors, they told us to expect the exact same phenomenon. They purchase on the basis of a normalized flu season. If the flu season is more aggressive and the vaccine does not work as well we have seen a positive. As last year’s flu season was anemic we see a slight negative.
Liam Kelly: First I will talk about this first quarter Matt and I will give you a bit of the longer term. So first of all in the fourth quarter we went have one extra billing day. And Benson was alluding to a good line of sight in two parts of our business that contributed to that acceleration, AIPAC and OEM. At this stage for a distributor model in AIPAC we would have all of the orders booked, as Benson was saying. We have seen a nice uptick in EMEA through Q1, Q2, and Q3. And we expect that to continue into Q4. And then longer-term, we had a few one-time events in Asia, that we have anniversaries, some product registration issues, and in particular in China, around the double [indiscernible] tubes and unique laryngeal mask that are now back in the market. So that would help accelerate those markets. And our growth in China, even in the quarter was 8%. India is another market with personal growth of 9% in the quarter. We are quite selective in the markets that we want to grow in Asia, but we see those driving, Asia, beyond the performance that we have seen the year-to-date. We see EMEA and low-single-digits, Japan and Australia in that same bracket. But, we also are quite encouraged by the tracings and end customer demand that we see in North America. And we see that predominantly driving a lot of our sales growth in the future.
Liam Kelly: We have not given our 2017 guidance. But given the number of new products that we have coming through our portfolio, and now that we have a better handle on what happens in the value committee, we would expect a pick up new product revenues in the years to come for sure. And we will address that when we give our 2017 guidance.
Benson Smith: So I think, Larry, we started to get a lot more comfortable when we started to peel a couple layers of the onion away, and get through what was going on at the distributor level, and look what was going on at the hospital level. By way of comparison, getting back to the flu, there was essentially no flu in terms of the first quarter this year, in terms of seriously ill patients being in the hospital. Which was the case in the prior-year, and intact for the prior four years. And in spite of that, our sales through the hospital are showing really good growth. So, that is a little bit of a masquerading event that is occurring there. And once we get through that and also see the trend in new products we are a lot more comfortable after we understood that them before we started to do the analysis.
Benson Smith: So, we are obviously in the midst of doing are 2017 plan at this point. I think again some encouraging signs for us is largely on the fact that there was not a flu season this year so that comparable in the U.S. is going to be help all. The trend of growth in the U.S. is about a full percentage point higher on a hospital basis for year-to-date so far compared to last year, so that trend is continuing and we expect to see that continue. I think with additional stabilization in Europe that’s going to be helpful. And most of these shortcomings in the oil countries and pan Asian market will be completely out of our history and comparables. So I would certainly expect to see an improvement from 3.6%. Yes.
Benson Smith: We continued to evaluate a lot of opportunities that our M&A group continues to be quite busy. We remain disciplined about what we are interested in looking at. And it basically has to meet that criteria in reaching our portfolio in terms of the essential necessity of the product, limited competition, and good growth opportunities in markets which we think are dependable and sustainable. So we are not concerned about our longer-range opportunity for M&A contribute to our growth.
Benson Smith: Just looking at mix, that had a lot to do with it Kristen, if you look at our 2.7% as reported gross and number, almost, a little over a third of that all comes from Vidacare where it’s growing at 20% and in of itself contributes 100 basis point of growth at 85% margins that is really, really helpful in terms of being able to mitigate loss of revenue in Latin America, for example, which is a much, much slower gross margin product. It gets back to really, I think reinforcing the quality of the revenue growth.
Benson Smith: And I would add to that when we initially introduced it, we said there was a good degree of conservatism in these numbers and I think that we still would will describe that goal as conservative today.
Benson Smith: We’ve got at $109 million in the fourth quarter. As we think about the currency impact on revenue we assume it is a 1% impact on revenue, it is about neutral on the bottom-line.
Benson Smith: I would say, David, also that we have a constant stream of opportunities that we are evaluating that has a positive impact on our margins. I think that it would be -- I’m not sure the right approach would be to simply do the arithmetic and say they are overall more [indiscernible] goals will be reduced.
Benson Smith: I think your question is a good one and part of the answer is that, since I have been here, flu seasons have been pretty much similar from year-to-year. And in many cases I would have not anticipated, for example, personally I would’ve not anticipated CDC catheters were a big product use during the flu. It only affects two product lines and only a few of those really severe patients. So this experience this year having basically no fleas reason, it took us a while to catch on to it. But now I think we have a pretty clear line of sight around it.
Benson Smith: Let me address the visibility question and I will turn it over to Liam. My commentary about visibility is the unpredictable nature now of the flu season, and not a lot of visibility in terms of exactly when viewers are going to put stock up for it. and it’s not a matter of asking the distributor what you are going to do these are decisions made at local distribution units not nationally. There are 40 different partner locations that will make decision on what inventory they will pull in. Aside from that we have excellent visibility. Asia for example, we pretty much have all orders in-house that we are going to ship out the fourth quarter, and Liam can go over a little more about the trends there.
Benson Smith: But Vidacare is an example, is not a product that would be included in our new product numbers. Even though it is relatively new to us so that number is outside of our new product estimate.
Thomas Powell: Okay, so the first question was related to maintaining operating margins. So let me touch on that. As we think about the year-end guidance that we have provided, certainly we have got to call down to revenue. What we are seeing is a little more favorable FX than what we previously expected. So our reported revenue reduction is not as significant as the constant currency. But it is a reduction and that has impacted our gross margin modestly. What we have been able to do to hold operating margin is that we have some discretionary spending that we scaled back, and we have also really tightened down on all costs in the SG&A line. So we have been able to offset that modest reduction in gross margin as we get the operating margin. So, effectively what we are able to do is hold that margin at the same level despite the reduction in revenue. Now from an operating profit standpoint we are down a little bit due to the revenue call down, and we were able to offset that due to favorable tax rate and some favorability in our expectations for interest rate.
Thomas Powell: I think there is also a question about whether we are able to perform in other plans to help offset. As we outlined the original guidance for gross margin expansion in 2018, part of it being a footprint consolidation project we are speaking about. We also mentioned that there were number of initiatives that were not included in that margin expansion. We didn’t include the benefits from M&A, we didn’t include any margin benefits from distributor conversions, or subsequent separate programs. As you are aware, since announcing the gross margin target we came out with a second initiative on footprint consolidation so that can be used as a potential late offset. In addition, today we’re talking about another restructuring program that’s going to benefit both in the SG&A line and in cost of goods. So essentially your question is we continue to look for new ways to drive costs down the system, and we feel very confident in our ability to get to that gross margin and operating margin target in 2018 as a result of the activities we’ve got going on.
Thomas Powell: We have had conversations with key customers. It’s simply a matter of when their existing contracts expire or renew in terms of when we can put that into effect and it has zero to do with quality.
Thomas Powell: Let me just clarify that point, as you look at it, previously we expected to be substantially complete with the program by 2018. And so as you know our expected savings were between 28 million and 35 million. Now, by 2018 we expect to be about two-thirds of the way complete, so it’s more, it gets 2018 the way that we should be thinking about it is a 50 basis point reduction in our 2018 margin not 120 basis points. Effectively were at 16 million by the end of this year. We will deliver more savings by the time we get to 2018, and the way that you should think about it is about a 50 basis point reduction as a result of this push out.
Thomas Powell: I do think that the location of acquired revenue is more important to us and having good growth potential in the U.S., rather than having exhausted their growth in the U.S. and having to depend on foreign growth as a way to sustain their growth rate, is figuring more into our calculation about what makes a good investment for us. You are correct that over time we want to become more centered around the U.S. for the reasons that we described in our strategy. And again going back to 2015, looking at a $0.87 headwind, and as a result of currency fluctuations just in Europe, was a point that we realized we do not want to be in that or have that same degree of vulnerability as we look down the road. So it is part of our strategy in trying to be more U.S. centric, and that is going to make us look a lot more like other U.S. medical device companies as well.
Thomas Powell: Probably not. I would say that now that we sort of understand this phenomenon, and are quite comfortable that it is not driven by losing share are losing count at a hospital level, I think we will do a better job of understanding the impact a little earlier. Bear in mind that essentially the flu season, except for this year, has been relatively normalized going back the last three years before. So this is the first year it’s really had much of an impact in the fact that the flu didn’t show up. So dealers went into the year with inventory in certain items prepared for the flu season and then that inventory has to be bled out. Now we have to understand and have a full appreciation of it we are feeling more comfortable about it. It does not affect every product and it does not affect every company the same way. We only have a few products that are really affected. It happens to be some anesthesia products and vascular access products. But now that we understand we are less alarmed. Eventually, dealer inventories catch up with hospital demand. So we do not see this as a long-term strategic issue.
Thomas Powell: Over time we will just have more data to present the them. Right now we have no real actual hospital experience to show them how these cost improvements work. As we collect more and more of that information the package we are able to present to these value analysis committee’s increases, and there are other hospitals that we can point them to that have actual asked variance with it.
Thomas Powell: So our best take on this right now is that there is a continued increase in the acuity level of patients at the hospital. So, we’re not seeing a slowdown in U.S. hospitals relative to our product portfolio. In terms of the impact of the Affordable Care Act, our take on this is that the population that is in the Affordable Care Act already were [indiscernible] cases with high deductibles that were preventing them or delaying them from going to see a doctor et cetera. And we are kind of through that point were really sick patients have go any way. So we think it is going to have an impact, a potential impact on providers potentially, we do not see an impact on our own product line. And, again, we are seeing good growth across our product lines in terms of U.S. vascular utilizations through the year and has been increasing every quarter.
Thomas Powell: So the margins are about at current target levels. The business is around $80 million as a global business. It is growing at a rate that we are quite satisfied with, and there is only one other competitor in that market space. So, I think that it has been on a healthy trend for the last year and that has increased our interest in not just maintaining the business but in growing the business and we’re seeing good growth out of it.
Thomas Powell: We want to present the ranges exactly the same way they were calculated initially. But if your point is how volumes been going up associated with those product lines the answer is yes. So there is some conservatism in that as a result.
