Liam J. Kelly: So, I think that as we see NeoTract perform exceptionally well, modestly ahead of our internal expectations, we see the opportunity to solidify the out-years growth. So, our original plan, as you know, was to go from $50 million (30:20) in 2016 to $70 million (30:21) in 2017. We went above that in 2017 and we were expecting a similar cadence. We think that we will add in the region of five to seven additional sales people in this year, even above our original plan, to continue to accelerate the growth. The product is doing exceptionally well, I got to say. I spent a day in the field in the last two weeks viewing some cases myself. And to see the impact on patients is quite significant and to see how enthusiastic urologists are to use this product also had a fair impact on me to see that. So, a lot of enthusiasm and we're looking forward to having two urologists at our Investor Day that are actually going to speak specifically to the UroLift on that day.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. So, we think that the overall market for freeze-dried plasma is approximately $100 million. About a quarter of that is in the military and we'll obviously begin in the military segment given that they have helped us to develop this product and doing the clinical studies. As I said in my prepared remarks, we now believe that the product will be ready for submission for (31:45-31:58) but we anticipate to get our piece done and get it submitted. The margins, we haven't quantified yet. We're still in discussions with the military as to what the price point (32:06-32:19).
Liam J. Kelly: Thanks, Larry, and good morning. Yes. So, as you know, we've already submitted for Japan and that's already within our sphere. We have a direct channel within Australia which is also within our APAC region. The new regions that we're looking at, we're looking to accelerate our registrations in China, Singapore, and in Taiwan. So, we think that there are nice significant market opportunities there and we would like to get the product registered earlier than our original expectations. Now, in some of these areas, it will take a longer period of time. So, Singapore and Hong Kong will be very quick. Larry, we should get registrations by the end of the year for those. The other geographies will take anything from one to two years. One thing we're working with, with the CFDA is to investigate whether we can use the U.S. clinical data for the submission, and that's why we're trying to accelerate this process to get a clearer understanding as to whether we will need a Chinese clinical study or whether we can use the U.S. data.
Liam J. Kelly: Yes. Sure. So, we submitted – so the normal timing to get the (34:17) registration is in the region of about 18 months, and then it takes 12 to 18 months to get the reimbursement thereafter. So, that's the normal timeline we would expect, Larry. As we get updates, we'll keep the investment community informed.
Liam J. Kelly: So, I'll take the second question first, Tom, if you don't mind. So, I'm glad to report, Larry, that we did see the restocking we got from the big three about a $3 million pickup. And as you know, it was about a $3.8 million destocking in the prior quarter. And you could see that in particular in the growth rate within our anesthesia and respiratory business. The respiratory business grew by 3.6% and the anesthesia business grew by 4.9%. So, we did see the rebound in those two businesses and we also saw the restocking from distributors to the tune of about $3 million. Unfortunately, we see this from time to time with distributors' buying patterns outside of our controls, and again, we normally see this come back. We did see a good strong flu season, Larry, and that I think is probably reflected in the growth of those businesses as well as the growth within our Vascular business which grew by 6.9%. So all in all, I got to say, I'm really happy with the first quarter and the results that we achieved from our core businesses, the contributions of VSI, the contributions of NeoTract and I think we're off to a real solid start for the year. Tom.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. I think we expect to see an accelerating growth organically for our business. I mean, our constant currency guidance is 5% to 5.5%. Our constant currency days adjusted for the quarter was 3.1%. Within the 3.1%, we saw solid volume, good new product revenue, good pricing. So, I'm really, as I said earlier, pleased with the results. And, again, our pro forma revenue growth in the quarter was 6.6% days adjusted. So, now to get to our 5% to 5.5% from quarter two onwards, we will have a full quarter of the VSI growth in our organic growth. In the second half of the year, we will learn the anniversary the surgical excess. And in quarter four as well as an extra billing day, NeoTract rolls off being accounted as organic. And we'll add, as we said before, 0.5% to our full year revenue. So, you should continue to see it increase ratably over the remainder of the year.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. So, you would see that in our positive pricing. So, we were very pleased with the results from our dealer to direct. We've executed very well on that and our European team should get great credit for that. I got to say I was really pleased to see VSI come with a double-digit days adjusted growth rate. It came in at 10%. And I would also expect that now as we begin to execute on the go-direct, that we should see a modest improvement in VSI over the remainder of the year also.
Liam J. Kelly: So, Rich. Yeah. Obviously, we're aware of the acquisition of NxThera by our competitor. I think what probably underappreciated about Teleflex is the amount of sales force that we actually have globally within that urology call point. So, Teleflex would have in excess of 200 salespeople calling on that urologist on a daily basis and we have a dedicated sales team with the UroLift product which is also calling predominantly on doctor's offices and AFCs (42:34) which is where the product has been moving to. 60% of our revenues for NeoTract, Rich, are coming from outside of the hospital area. That really fits into what healthcare providers are trying to do. Now, the BPH is a massive space which we never thought that we would be in the BPH space on our own. But what we are determined to do is make sure that UroLift is a standard of care. Our view is that the patient outcomes will win out seven days a week and twice on Sundays. And we feel that we have had a much better patient outcome with our products. Our product is minimally invasive. Less than 20% of the patients require a catheter. The results are immediate. We don't ablate any tissue and the next tier of product – every other technology ablates tissue and if you burn and cut, therefore, naturally, you're going to have bleeding or swelling. And also, I mean, a big one for us is – and it's borne out by the clinical study I just spoke about, it's borne out by the L.I.F.T. study, zero infection with dysfunction. If you're actually cutting, you have a risk of sexual dysfunction and the clinical papers have pared that out. So I think that we're really confident in our technology. We never thought we'd be there on our own, Rich, but by gosh, we want to make sure that we're the number one and we are the standard of care and that's our goal.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. Well, it normally comes back, Rich. So I don't see any reason that it wouldn't. I mean, it's not a big number on a full year basis, but I would anticipate that we would see less destocking at the end of quarter two and mid quarter three. That would be my expectation, yes, but I'm glad that the bolus of it came back in the first quarter because that's what I expected.
Liam J. Kelly: Could you just clarify – sorry, the line wasn't that clear, Brian. So 125 basis points is coming from...
Liam J. Kelly: Absolutely. So, I think that as I said during my prepared remarks, we see share gains in many areas of our business. One that's particularly encouraging for me is the PICC segment. We grew by over 20% in the key North American market in the PICC segment, and we're very comfortable that we're taking share there. I think in the interventional segment that grew by 8% in the quarter. We continue to see strength within our interventional business. In our anesthesia business, we saw a really solid rebound in our anesthesia business, and we continue to do well within our laryngeal mass, within our blades, and within our pain pump area of our business. Overseas within the EMEA business, I think we're doing particularly well in our surgical business in Europe where we don't have the impact of the exit from that lower margin, lower growth segment. And obviously within China, as a result of our decision to go direct, we saw a 26% growth in the quarter in China, and we also saw China and our Asia-Pacific in general perform very, very well. So, there are some broad areas of where we see ourselves as taking nice share gains, Brian.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. So, as I began giving some comments on Asia and we saw a really solid rebound within Asia, the Latin American business traditionally has been a drag for us. We saw 3% in the first quarter. We do see Latin America rebounding modestly. So, that's encouraging because, quite frankly, it has been a drag over the last two years and we have seen either flat or negative growth over the past couple of years. So, as the oil-based economies show some improvement, as the currencies have started to stabilize, we're starting to see some encouraging signs there. And also in the Middle East and Russia, we've seen a modest rebound as well in those emerging segments. So, we're quite encouraged by the trends that we see there, Brian.
Liam J. Kelly: Okay, Dave. So, of our catheters, over 90% of the catheters that we said in our PVC area or on our PICC area are coated catheters. And that is because the hospitals realized that an infection will cost them $43,000 to treat that patient and they won't get reimbursed. And secondly, if they end up in the bottom tier from a Hospital-Acquired Condition score, they get a lower reimbursement the following year. So the overall PICC market in North America is around $340 million. Our share of that will be – we would be in that $35 million area, call it, on an annualized basis. So we continue to take share gains there. Your question as to who we're taking it from, I mean, there's two main competitors. There is C. R. Bard as they were and there's AngioDynamics. I think that we are in a really strong condition in our coating. We've got a good, better, best from a Tip Positioning technology, and I think all in all, we're really happy with our portfolio. We're really happy that we have these unique coatings that differentiate us in the marketplace, and we continue to expect to take share gains over a multiyear period because of all of those factors.
Liam J. Kelly: Well, I think from a rep productivity, the one statistic that I love is that it takes a urology consultant rep about six to seven months to get up to $1 million in revenue in a new territory. So, as we add additional reps, of course, we don't have as many virgin territories as we had originally, but we do see productivity improving. And if you took our general pool of urology consultants, we're getting about $2 million now on average from each sales rep within that group. And our best reps are over the $3 million range. I mean, I was actually – I said I was out in the field with a rep a couple of weeks ago. That sales rep did over $3 million last year. Now, he's a really, really experienced salesperson and very successful. But the productivity from the reps, we continue to see it grow, and we continue to see adoption of the product. And, again, 87% growth in the quarter on NeoTract was very, very encouraging for us.
Liam J. Kelly: So, on the revenue line, I mean, we'll go into that in more details at our Analyst Day. It's only a week away. We'll give details on RePlas. I mean, we have a few, let me call them, wildcards with potential upside for us in the longer term and RePlas is one of them. Percuvance is another one that has potential there. So, we will give our guidance based on our portfolio but with some commentary on what might assist us, I think, is what you can to expect to see happen.
Liam J. Kelly: So, the situation, I believe, with the reimbursement for that device is that they have a provisional CPT code. The reimbursement rate will not be determined until early in 2019. So, therefore, the comparable – there is no comparable. I believe a different code had been used in the past, and I believe that they will no longer be using that code because the NxThera device wasn't technically that type of product. So, it's hard to make a comparable as to what their reimbursement is versus NeoTract. What I can tell you is that the NeoTract reimbursement is very favorable for the clinician and very favorable results for the patients. So, we will know more in early 2019, and then I guess they would have to go through the process of bringing on all of the private payers. Just as a point of reference, that took us two and a half or three years to bringing on all the private payers and we're still only up to – no, we're up 240 million lives. We're very encouraged by that, but it took us three years to get to 240 million lives. So I would imagine that Boston will have to follow a similar process than we did to bring on those payers.
Liam J. Kelly: So, our long-term goals for the Asia Pacific region is to get into the high single, low double digits. I think we've been pretty constant on that. With regard to our structure for registrations, in the APAC region, we had significant resources to assist with our registrations, and we always have had. And quite frankly, Matt, you need that in order to be able to do the registrations because you've got to move them into the languages and the CFDA, you got to work with them to define whether you need a clinical study, whether you don't need a clinical study, what the classification of the product is. And, obviously, we continue to make additional investments into China, and we are, this year, making additional investments into Asia in general for the registration of the NeoTract product because we wanted to make sure that we are well positioned to take advantage of that opportunity in the future. And it takes – it can take one to two years to get a registration in China. So, we're acting now to be prepared for two years' time. We're acting in Japan to be prepared for two or so years' time. Well, obviously, Hong Kong and Singapore should be easier, but some of these geographies do take a significant amount of time. And we will be looking then at Latin America in the future to see what our plan is to accelerate the registration there. So, one of the things that I think that Teleflex really brought to the table with the acquisition of NeoTract was that global footprint. And as we said at the time of the acquisition, we would be working to leverage our global footprint to expand this technology into new markets. And that's exactly what we're doing.
Liam J. Kelly: So, I can. I mean, if you go from 1Q to 4Q, so I know 4Q at the top of my head with $39 million, 3Q was about $34 million, 2Q was $30 million and 1Q was about $23 million in that ballpark. So, basically, that's the basis that we're using for the growth over year-over-year. That's where you get your 87%. And the growth rate even over the prior quarter was greater than 8%. So, we've been pretty consistent with the growth rate on NeoTract and we continue to see that.
Liam J. Kelly: Thanks, Mike. So, I'll start with the distributor. It's completely behind us. We've executed on all of the distributor go-direct in Europe. And as I've said in my prepared remarks, the growth rate was just over 10%. So, again, we're very encouraged by the overall growth rate and it was – it grew sequentially over quarter four. So, all the metrics for VSI are very encouraging for us and we're really enthusiastic about that asset.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. So quarter two, we've got plus one and then obviously we have one left in this quarter – in quarter one. And then in quarter four, we're plus one again in quarter four, Mike.
Liam J. Kelly: So, we feel very comfortable with our guidance range. I mean, our constant currency guidance range is 12% to 13%. We took off a percent obviously for the impact of currency. NeoTract is running slightly ahead of our internal expectations after one quarter and it is one quarter. So, we feel very comfortable in our guidance range we think our core business had a good solid start into the year at 3.1 %. We think that we'll get a full quarter of VSI in quarter two. We will get an easier comparable in the latter half of the year with the surgical exit. And, of course, we've got an extra billing day. But all of that was in our guidance range, and we gave it at the beginning of the year. We anticipate getting a bounce back from the distributors in quarter one. We anticipate VSI growing – rolling off and all of the other factors. The performance of NeoTract is very encouraging and it's one quarter. So, we're comfortable in our guidance of 12% to 13% at the end of the first quarter.
Liam J. Kelly: So, with regard to integrating acquisitions, our structure is very beneficial in that regard. So, if you look at the two acquisitions we're integrating, Vascular Solutions is impacting the interventional business unit and the integration of NeoTract is we set it up as a standalone business unit so it wouldn't cause a disruption within the business. With regards to the restructurings, we have a number of restructuring programs that we've been running through in the last number of years and the phasing and the timing of this restructuring announcement is timed as a lot of those resources roll off from the existing restructuring programs to give us bandwidth to do further restructuring. So, we do give a lot of thought to the company bandwidth, management bandwidth in our thought process around restructurings and integrations and we feel that we have sufficient bandwidth to manage all of the projects that we have ongoing at the moment.
Liam J. Kelly: So, nothing has changed, Kristen. No, we didn't have a question earlier. I'm glad you brought it up actually. So, we're currently on path to submit to the FDA in quarter three and we are on track to get the product laid in quarter four. We will do a 100-patient limited market release late in quarter four and to validate all of the changes that we've made. So, we – and we'll expect to see revenue beginning in 2019.
Liam J. Kelly: So, I'll talk broadly and then I'll pass it to Tom. So, as I said previously, Larry, our goal this year would be to delever. We are anticipating getting our leverage rate down to below 3 times by the end of the year. We would like to get down below 3 times leverage. But as we all know, acquisitions are opportunistic. And as I've said many times, I didn't think that when we did Vidacare in 2013, it would be 2017 before we would do something like Vascular Solutions. And I didn't think when we did Vascular Solutions that within – before the year was out, we'd be doing NeoTract. So it is opportunistic. So, our goal is to delever but having said that, if an opportunistic and very attractive acquisition that was clearly within our (01:10:08-01:10:10) we'd have a long hard look at it.
Thomas E. Powell: And then on the rephasing, as mentioned in the first quarter, part of the upside was due to just better expense management, part of it was due to moving some spend out into subsequent quarters and really the rationale was that these new opportunities to invest behind RePlas, and NeoTract were emerging. We wanted to see how the first quarter turned out to see how much we could afford to pull in and move forward and, thankfully, the first quarter results turned out pretty good. And so, as you look at the balance of the year, you shouldn't assume there's any one quarter where the bolus of that spend is. In fact, it's a couple of billion dollars that's actually being moved out and part of the upside in OpEx in the first quarter will be used to fund some of these additional investments. But as mentioned, in the aggregate, we still expect to spend the same full year amount that was in the plan and then a little bit more given these investments that we've spoken about. Hopefully, that helps but I wouldn't expect it to be a large increase in any one given quarter.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah. And we'll go into this in more detail next week at Analyst Day. But it is a long-lived project and you shouldn't expect to see the lion's share until kind of the early 2020s is when we'll start to see meaningful savings. So, there are some steps that have to be taken first and that's the reason for the lengthy timeline. As for the other restructuring programs that are still outstanding, we have disclosed a total of $76 million to $90 million outstanding and I would say that about half of that had been realized by the end of 2017. So, there's still meaningful savings out there on the existing programs and the majority of that saving will be realized over the next couple of years 2018, 2019, and 2020.
Thomas E. Powell: Okay. So, as we took a look at our results for the first quarter, really as mentioned, the operating results were largely in line with our expectations with a couple of exceptions and those exceptions being favorable foreign exchange environment, the tax rate came in a little bit better, in part due to some favorable rates and in part due to the tax windfall. And then we spoke about the OpEx spend. Some of that was favorable, and some of that was a rephasing. So, as we look at the basis of the raise, really how we're thinking about it is initially when we started the year, we thought foreign exchange would be a tailwind of $0.26. And now, we expect it to be a tailwind of $0.42, so a $0.16 improvement there. The tax rate, as mentioned, given the windfall and a little bit better rate, we now expect to be the lower end of our range and that 50-basis point improvement in taxes is worth I think about $0.06. And so you're up a little bit over $0.20. The OpEx really (53:20) phasing and so we're not going to see any full year benefit. In fact, we're going to do a little bit of investment above the full year previous spend rate. So that's how the upside from tax and windfall gets kind of carved back a little bit and we're dropping through $0.15 cents. So it's really the potential FX as well as tax benefits that are driving the raise.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, obviously, we're watching the situation too with the cost of PVC and other components and we do see some pluses and minuses. Right now, we're not seeing a major impact, a slight uptick in the inputs. Where we're seeing more of an impact is in labor rates in some of our markets, Mexico and Czech Republic. So we have moved to address compensation levels to the current market. But right now, the commodities haven't had a significant impact. We'll certainly watch that going forward. Labor has had some impact already.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah. So, the investments that we're making, really, we don't foresee being an expense burden overall to adversely impact the accretion in 2019. If anything, we should start to benefit from some acceleration in revenue quicker than what's previously envisioned given the sales force addition. So, you should not expect dilution from these investments. Rather, we think it's a longer term upside.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, I think as we get closer to 2019, we'll take the opportunity to provide guidance for 2019. We'll want to see obviously how this year plays out. We're clearly off to a good start in the first quarter. Revenues have come in well, and that's afforded us some opportunity to kind of move some investments around. But before commenting specifically on 2019 guidance, we'd like to get a little bit further to this year and the progression of growth this year.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah. So, I think I'd agree with Liam's sentiments as he's outlined and, certainly, we'll have to incorporate the current rate environment into our financial analysis to see if any of these acquisitions meet our financial criteria as well as our strategic criteria. But I wouldn't necessarily say that the rising rate environment would take us out of the marketplace.
Brian David Weinstein: I wanted to first start with a higher-level question related to share gains. In the past, you guys have talked about approximately 125 basis points of growth coming from this source. Maybe you could update us on how this is tracking according to plan and provide some specific areas on why this has worked and maybe a few areas on why it's falling short. Thanks.
Brian David Weinstein: Yeah. We just had in our notes that over kind of your longer-term plan growth, you were expecting some level of growth from share gains. Maybe as a more broader question you could talk about what you're seeing in terms of these gains in specific segments.
Brian David Weinstein: Great. Thanks. And then secondly, more specifically on the quarter, can you talk about trends in Latin America and some of the emerging markets? Thanks.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Maybe one for Tom just on earnings guidance. See there's a little bit of an FX benefit, we also have a little bit of restructuring coming in. Obviously, Vascular is getting back a little bit in terms of overall growth and then we have NeoTract. So, maybe just the components of earnings guidance, the adjusted earnings guidance going higher, where you see the most benefit from all of those drivers. And then I have two follow-up product questions. Thanks.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Well, I'll stay on this topic for a moment. As we look at the Analyst Day coming up next week, maybe frame the discussion in terms of the adjusted operating margin outlook. And I guess my real question in there is there's one variable that's a potential wildcard and that's RePlas. And so how do you consider now that we have a new restructuring program, new assets within the portfolio, NeoTract, Vascular, how do all of those sort of get factored in? And in particular without having guidance on RePlas, is there a scenario analysis that potentially you will run through with and without RePlas? And then one follow-up product question. Thanks.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: That's helpful. And then last for me would be on NeoTract and NxThera, Boston Scientific taking out that asset. My understanding is that the reimbursement for NeoTract is quite a bit more favorable than NxThera. So, maybe just a recap on the reimbursement and how it stands today. Thanks.
