Liam J. Kelly: Thanks, David. So, that is why during the call that we tried to bridge from the 2.7% to give investors comfort as to the building blocks to our ability to drive our organic growth into the future. And we did reaffirm our 5% to 5.5%. And if you want to compare the first half to the second half, I'm happy to run through the drivers. NeoTract would roll into organic in the last quarter, and it adds 1.5%. NeoTract is performing exceptionally well, so therefore we believe that that is – we're very comfortable with that. VSI is performing well and it will add 1% in the second half of the year, just primarily driven by the go-directs in the EMEA. We also anniversary the surgical exit which will add 40 basis points. Vidacare volume, PICC volume, surgical supplier resolution, and the quarter two order rate rebalancing, we're very confident that's going to deliver 1.2%. And, of course, we have the additional shipping day which falls in the fourth quarter which will add 8%. And all of these factors, David, make me confident in our ability to achieve the full year organic guidance range and our ability to achieve our longer-term growth rates of 6% to 7%. I think that we should point out to investors that two of those elements are in the fourth quarter. So, NeoTract will roll off into the fourth quarter and also the billing days in the fourth quarter. So, what we would expect you to see is an uptick in Q3, but then a larger uptick in Q4. And we have line of sight to all of these. I agree with you that it's unfortunate with distributor timings, but quite frankly that's outside of our control, and on a full year basis, we're very confident on the 5% to 5.5% and our ability to deliver that and our 6% to 7% longer term. And if you look at our pro forma within the quarter, David, and if we normalize for NeoTract and the surgical exit, we're in excess of 6% pro forma. So, that gives me also confidence in our longer-term ability.
Liam J. Kelly: Okay, David. So, I'll go to the core, first of all, and if I take the core, excluding VSI, and if we look at that number, the core has grown at 2.2% for the first half of the year. Obviously, the shipping day in the latter half will impact the core. That should give us the percent. The surgical exit should add 40 basis points. And then in the All Other buckets where we have the order repositioning from Q2 into the back half, we overcome the supply issue, Vidacare will accelerate and APAC accelerate. Those are the drivers of that 1.2% and those are the building blocks as we look at it as a core business in the latter half of the year and then you layer on VSI and NeoTract. Regarding your question on our confidence in NeoTract, I mean NeoTract continues to perform exceptionally well. It was a superb acquisition for Teleflex. The supply issue had a modest impact of about $1 million with the quarter. That will simply be re-phased most likely into quarter three. We continue to invest behind it. The growth within NeoTract is not free. The growth within NeoTract is as a result of the investment decisions that Teleflex makes every day, put more resources behind that. And we're very confident and so much so that we've actually upped the guidance from at least 40% to be able to deliver 50%. And based on the performance of the assets, we believe it'll continue to do that. And the investments that will get us to that 50% are the increased sales heads that we spoke about previously. As we said in quarter one, we were going to add an additional seven sales heads to the organization. We're also investing in marketing. We've done a lot of direct-to-consumer initiatives, and all of these are leading to our confidence that we will get to that 50% growth rate within NeoTract.
Liam J. Kelly: Yes. It has become a little bit unpredictable, Larry. And I can tell you that we received well in excess of $3 million in orders in the first week in July. Those orders we had anticipated would land in the last week of June. The fact that the 4th of July fell on a Wednesday rather than earlier in the week, we think, was the issue here that our distributors placed those orders on Monday rather than placing them as we anticipated on the Friday ahead of the 4th of July. They're always placed traditionally at the end of June for the 4th of July and that was a simple anomaly in this instance. I think to understand – the unpredictable nature of it is to understand how these distributors work. There is not one central ordering group. It is the sites and if you take, they can have up to 20 sites, a distribution hub to place their individual orders. Our expectation was that they would order in the end of June. The good news, Larry, if I can make any good news out of this is that it's happened in the second quarter. Anytime it has ever happened in a quarter, we've always recovered in the subsequent quarter if those orders are right. I have a high level of confidence that we'll because of the fact that we sell well in excess of $3 million in orders, above our expectation in the first week of July. It's simply a timing issue, Larry, unfortunately.
Liam J. Kelly: Okay, Larry. So, I'll start with the All Other, the 1.2%. Obviously, a component of that is the ordering volume that moves from Q2 into the latter half of the year. We also had one of our suppliers for our surgical business and another supplier that had a late breaking issue. The surgical supplier had a fire, which caused about $2 million of volume that's going to move from Q2 into the latter half of the year. Vidacare, even though it's growing by around 14%, the intraosseous and Vidacare business through the half year, due to – and this happens at municipalities. The orders in the second quarter, our total growth within Vidacare and the intraosseous was around – on a constant currency non-days adjusted is about 8%, Larry. So that's just timing of orders because of municipality budgets. We expect that to come back. And we would anticipate a much stronger second half. And indeed we'll start to begin to see that in the third quarter. In APAC, we now have control over our channel within China. So we won't see as robust growth as we saw this quarter within China, but we will continue to see strong growth within China over prior year. We would also anticipate that we have an opportunity within Japan within the Vascular space that's going to help us to augment that and that quite frankly is pretty much a given. We have excellent line of sight into that. So again, Larry, a lot of confidence around that All Other 1.2% based on those building blocks. That's what gives me that high level of confidence. Your other question was about NeoTract and the mold issue and why we're confident that won't have an ongoing impact. So I think, Larry, the mold issue was a decision that we made to change the mold as part of the manufacturing improvement. We changed back very, very quickly to the old mold. And now we're manufacturing with that old mold and getting product out to customers. We were able to make that change in a very short period of time. I've got to tell you, I'm very proud of how quick the company acted. It had zero impact on patients. Physicians were very comfortable with how we handled it. And we are now currently manufacturing with that mold, and we'll definitely have enough product by the end of Q3 to eliminate all backorders at that time. And we're making excellent progress right now.
Liam J. Kelly: So what I'll do for you, Rich, is I'll try and identify what's going to be the main drivers in Q4. And that'll obviously help then. And the impact specifically to Q4 of those drivers. So just two of the biggest drivers that hit in Q4 that are not in Q3 are obviously NeoTract and the billing days. In the quarter, those two elements will drive over 3.5% of growth within that quarter. So that should help you bridge that we should be getting our core business in the ballpark of a 5% in Q3. And then those other building blocks will come in in Q4. Of course, you'll have the surgical exit in both Q3 and Q4.
Liam J. Kelly: So, Rich, I appreciate the question. So it is somewhat difficult to have visibility. But I will tell you this, that we did see, as I said, in excess of $3 million coming in the very first few days of July, which is obviously the orders that we were anticipating the back end of June. That's in our run rate right now as a company. So I'm very confident that's going to carry through to the remainder of the year. In Q4 last year, distributors did not order late in December. So we have a reasonably light comparable. So if anything, I would expect a positive from distributor orders into Q4 based on returning to previous year normal patterns to buy ahead of the flu season in late December.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. The main impact of this was a supplier in our surgical business that had a fire. And we had a urology supply issue overseas for EMEA. That impacted us by about $2 million within the quarter. The urology EMEA issue will be resolved in the quarter. The surgical issue will either be resolved late in Q3 or early in Q4.
Liam J. Kelly: I'll cover your question on UroLift. So, we continue to make good progress with our rep hires. We continue to follow our strategy of going deep rather than wide. We continue to see excellent progress on building champions within the urology practices and, obviously, we're buoyed by the AUA Guidelines that I spoke about during my prepared remarks. We now have 250 million lives covered. We have trained 1,600 urologists. 60% of the cases approximately are still coming from the ASC and the office (00:48:51). So, that continues to bolster this. And obviously, we continue to invest behind it. As I said on the Q1 call, we're going to add another 78 reps within the year. So, we're going to be well above the original expectations that NeoTract as a stand-alone company had from an investment profile. And all of that is helping us to augment the top line revenue growth and put it in a position to go to update our NeoTract expectations from at least 40% to exceed or to reach 50% within this year. And we're still very bullish on the, at least, 20% CAGR over the next three years as we outlined during our Analyst Day.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. Mike, as I said, there was about $1 million of sales that moved from Q2. Given the fact that this product does benefit from the demographics, but is not an emergent procedure, almost all of those, if not all of them will be just repositioned into Q3. So, we don't see a significant impact. And we also see we have a modest backorder now, but we'll have that resolved by the end of Q3. And we don't see it having any impact on our short, medium or long-term aspirations for the growth of this company.
Liam J. Kelly: So, most of the pricing that you see there is as a result of our go-direct that we did last year in Europe as part of the VSI go-direct. The core pricing is normally pretty flat.
Liam J. Kelly: Hey, Chris. I'll take the volume one. So, I think when you look at volume, you got to include new products. So, you got to add the two of those together and our new products, I think, was 1.7% for the quarter. So, that really is how you should try and look at volume with regards to Teleflex. I do think that it's an important point that I'd like to make is that even though in the quarter the volume in the key North American market was in line with our expectations, our tracings as in end customer demand was almost 4%. So, again, that gives us confidence that – I think we've already seen it actually that that – that step function from volume coming from these distributor orders would right itself, and it's already righted itself in the first week of July just based on the tracings. That disconnect between the recognized revenue and the strong tracings within the market helps us have a lot of comfort around the fact that our volume will return in the second quarter, and we should see a core organic growth improvement in the third quarter. And Tom will take the other question that you had.
Liam J. Kelly: Pretty close. So, the distributor orders are within the North America that moved from the end of June into the first week in July, and that was in excess of $3 million. The actual product supply issues were related to our surgical business because of a fire one of our suppliers had late in the quarter. And to a lesser extent, a urology supplier in EMEA and they total about $2 million.
Liam J. Kelly: The urology supply will be resolved within the quarter. The surgical supply will be resolved either late in Q3 or early into Q4, but it will be resolved before the end of the year.
Liam J. Kelly: Okay. So on Percuvance, I can start there if you don't mind, Chris (sic) [Matt] (00:56:16), we've submitted our 510(k). That happened early in this quarter, quarter three. So we're right on schedule there. With regard to RePlas, the BLA submission is still on plan for Q1 of 2019. And in all of it, we will have completed enrollment and the infusion of 24 subjects in the Phase 1 clinical trial. And we should have the final report by Q4 of 2018. Unfortunately, Chris (sic) [Matt] (00:56:46), you don't get preliminary reports on a clinical study. You got to wait until Q4 to get them, but we're – or, Matt, sorry. My apologies. But the BLA submission is still on track for Q1 of 2019. I would take this moment to point out that there was some – this Pittsburgh Study Of Medicine (sic) [Pittsburgh School of Medicine] (00:57:09) completed a study of 500 trauma patients where they infused them, some with plasma and some without. And they actually showed a cohort of those patients who got two units and the others that did not. There was a 77% survival rate on the patients who got two units of plasma versus 67% survival rate on those that did not. And this is one of our target markets for freeze-dried plasma when it becomes available. And we're encouraged by that study coming out that is coincidental as it leads up to our approval to have RePlas in the marketplace.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. Matt, I think that there's nothing that we have changed and that we are doing differently with our distributors. As we get – VSI has already rolled into organic and as NeoTract rolls into organic, those two product categories do not traditionally go through distributors. In previous years, 50% of our volume went through the distributor, the box-moving distributors. As we go into 2019, that will move down to one-third of our business going through these box-moving distributors. So we'll be less exposed to volatility within them, and quite frankly, Matt, I look forward to that day because it is, I've got to tell you, a frustration within Teleflex as much as it is for our investors.
Liam J. Kelly: So I'll take the last one first. There's no impact on the Gen 2 product timing. The mold change, Matt, was a change that we made to improve the manufacturing process of the product. So we were trying to improve its manufacturability quite frankly. And we did all the validation testing. We engineered tested things. As it ramped up and accelerated the volume, we saw a small incidence where the implant would not release after we fired. And just to protect the reputation of this product, we took the decision to pull the product back from the market, put the old molds in and ramp up manufacturing very quickly. The backorder will be resolved by the end of the quarter. And I don't see it having an impact on the growth of NeoTract. And the order rate continues to be very robust for the product. So I see it having – it had an impact of about $1 million in Q2. That will just roll into the last half of the year. But I don't see it having a significant impact or any impact in Q3 or Q4 except for a modest backorder during the Q3, and probably a heavier ramp to the back end of Q3 than we normally have.
Liam J. Kelly: So it's hard for us to see what our distributors' working capital assessments are. I can tell you, Isaac, that in this instance, this was simply timing. It was just the fact that the July 4 holiday fell on a Wednesday. And given the fact that it fell on the Wednesday, people didn't bridge – that people normally take a couple of days off. They didn't bridge the Monday, Tuesday. They bridged the Thursday, Friday. So they normally place orders on the Friday in order to have the product in as people are on vacation. And it was just simply a timing issue in this regard. As I've said, we saw well in excess of $3 million above our expectation in the first week of July. It was just a one-week timing, and we expected to see it reflect itself in our expectations in the third quarter.
Thomas E. Powell: I can probably give you a little more detail. So, our assessments of the product coming out of China currently is a total exposure of about $500,000 for the year. And this estimate doesn't include any tariffs that could be placed on purchased finished goods, which may impact future pricing, but it's absolutely those products coming out of China. Given the makeup of our products, we don't have much of an impact at all from steel or aluminum tariffs and the exposure really is again on China origin products, the largest exposure being on that first list. There's also some exposure on the third list of products. But again, we currently quantify that to be about $500,000 for the year and we'll absorb that as part of our forecasting and be able to still achieve our guidance as a result of that.
Thomas E. Powell: Sure. So, as we look at the quarter and focusing on gross margin, probably the largest contributor during the quarter was NeoTract. VSI also provided a benefit. Pricing provided some benefit as we heard, I think it was 70 bps of positive pricing and then a very modest benefit from foreign exchange. I will point out that manufacturing was impacted by the UroLift expenditures. So, those are the big drivers in the second quarter gross margin. Now, on an operating margin, it obviously is benefiting from the gross margin drivers, although NeoTract is operating at a higher cost structure, so we don't get the same leverage in operating margin. It's actually about breakeven from an operating margin standpoint. And then VSI and SG&A probably provide a little more benefit on the operating margin. So, those are the key drivers in the quarter, so should come as no surprise that NeoTract is a pretty big component of gross margin.
Thomas E. Powell: Sure. In terms of the full year impact of the restructuring programs, we're going to contribute a little bit less than a point of margin expansion. Now, I have to say that that goes into a large component of pluses and minuses and helps frankly to offset some of the inflation that we're seeing. As we look at restructuring programs over the longer term, of all the programs that are currently out there and announced, we've got the 2014, 2016 and 2018 footprint programs as well as the integration of VSI and the OEM manufacturing project. In total, those projects will generate savings of $107 million and $127 million. And we outlined the cadence of that. About $45 million of that savings was realized through the end of 2017. We expect another $25 million to $35 million over the period 2019 to 2021, and then the balance 2021 to 2024. And some of the reasons for that that we're drawing out savings schedule is the more recent footprint alignment programs really involve working through the German labor law requirements which have a lengthy notice period. And then we'll take time to also develop replacement machinery and design, and then we'll stagger some of those transitions to leverage our internal workforce and candidly de-risk the project. So, we have savings forthcoming over the next number of years. And again this year, it's part of the whole package of savings that gets to that gross margin target.
Thomas E. Powell: Okay. So, we've looked at the inflation in raw materials and don't see a meaningful impact as of yet. Where we are seeing some inflation to your point is in the labor markets. In Mexico and Czech Republic, in particular, we've seen tight labor supply which has put some pressure on wages. So, we've actually made some responses to maintain our competitiveness in those markets and that has led to additional cost during the year.
Thomas E. Powell: So, you were looking for availability on our credit facility. We have about $650 million of availability at the end of the quarter.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah. So, during the quarter we incurred cost of about $2.7 million which impacted margins by about 50 basis points in the quarter. Depending on resolution and how easy it is to rework some of the product that was in inventory, if it is reworkable that would be the end of the costs. If not, there would be additional charges in the third quarter.
