Benson F. Smith: Thank you, Jake, and good morning, everyone. To begin, I would like to start the call by saying that we are quite pleased with our Q1 results. Following a solid fourth quarter performance to end 2016, Teleflex is off to a strong start in 2017. During the first quarter, revenues grew by 14.8% on an as-reported basis and 16% on a constant currency basis. This includes the contribution from Vascular Solutions product lines, which added meaningfully during our partial quarter of ownership, accounting approximately 5% of our constant currency revenue growth, and delivering approximately $0.03 to our adjusted earnings per share. I'm happy to say that Vascular Solutions' revenue and adjusted earnings per share performance during the quarter was in line with our initial expectations and that integration activities are well underway and continue to be on track. Turning to our base business, during the quarter, top-line growth was broad-based and covered several of our operating segments. We continue to see stability within our end markets, good global utilization of many of our products and positive momentum in revenue generated from newly introduced products to the market. Additionally, the flu season in the fourth quarter of 2016 and the first quarter 2017 was more normalized and we do not currently expect the same distributor ordering pattern dynamics in 2017 that negatively impacted our business in 2016. Finally, during the first quarter, we continue to make progress on our distributor conversion within China. Turning to profitability, during the first quarter of 2017, we generated adjusted gross and operating margin growth of 110 basis points and 100 basis points, respectively. The margin performance in the quarter was modestly better than our internal expectation and gives us confidence in our ability to achieve our full year 2017 guidance targets. The additional operating leverage generated in Q1 translated into adjusted earnings per share of $1.80, which is an increase of 18.4% versus the first quarter of 2016. Given the good start to 2017, we are reaffirming both our full year as-reported and constant currency revenue growth ranges and slightly increasing our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance range. And while Tom will go through this in more detail during his prepared remarks, the decision to increase our full year adjusted earnings per share range is primarily due to moderate operational benefits that were achieved in Q1 as compared to internal expectations; the acquisition of Pyng Medical, which closed in April and was not in our original adjusted earnings per share estimates; and a larger than anticipated tax benefit that occurred in the first quarter associated with stock compensation tax benefit accounting change. In closing, Teleflex is on track to either meet or exceed the original 2017 financial targets that we provided the investment community a few months ago. And we continue to believe that 2017 will be yet another year, in which we can leverage our income statement through a combination of revenue and non-revenue-dependent actions, further expanding adjusted gross and operating margins and adjusted earnings per share. That completes my prepared remarks. I'd like to turn the call over to Liam.
Benson F. Smith: So this is Benson, Anthony. So actually, I think, the overlap between us and Bard is significantly exaggerated. Our principal competitive product lines with them happen to be in the PICC area. We compete with them some in the hemodialysis catheter area, but we continue to see really good growth in our PICC line. In the U.S., it's largely driven by the antimicrobial and antithrombogenic coating and by the positioning systems we have. We don't expect that to change at all as a result of BD owning Bard. I think that there's some reason to believe that there could be some disruption in the marketplace overall. But, again, our overlapping product lines with Bard are actually minimal. So we don't see it affecting us negatively at all. We do think that Bard was one of the companies that occasionally showed up competing for product lines that we're interested in on the acquisition front. We think that those are way too small now for BD to give much consideration to. So kind of eliminates, we think, a competitor in the acquisition space that we operate in.
Benson F. Smith: So, I think our viewpoint is that we're going to de-lever from this acquisition relatively quickly given that perspective. We have certainly not slowed down our appraisal and evaluation of opportunities that are out there. And I think it's going to be more driven by particular opportunities more so than anything else.
Thomas E. Powell: Sure. Why don't I take that? So as we look at the first quarter, we did have a benefit from the windfall tax of about $0.07. We also had a couple pennies as a result of the over performance in revenue that flowed through the bottom-line. So we did see a nice start to the year on both revenue and EPS. As we thought about the guidance, we took a look at FX. And in the quarter, while we had some translational benefits, they did not flow – the revenue upside didn't flow through the bottom-line, largely because of an offsetting transactional downside. So we didn't see the FX benefit flow through in any EPS generation. So as we think about the balance of the year, we want to work through the next couple of quarters and make certain that we've got funding available for any investments that we need and make sure that we've got sufficient resources for the integration of Vascular Solutions and thought that the upside from taxes and the slight benefit from operations would flow through as additional upside to our guidance. As we get further into the year, we'll take a look at how currency is trending. Right now, since the French elections, we saw a nice move with the euro strengthening that will tend to help us. And should that continue, we could see some favorability there. We also look to see how our operations plays out before we would consider a higher raise on our EPS guidance.
Thomas E. Powell: And then with regard to the foreign exchange, so just by way of background. When we locked in rates for our plan in early January, the euro was trading at $1.04 and that's the rate we selected. By the time we gave guidance, I think, it's a little over $1.05, at the end of February. And then following the French elections, it's risen up now to $1.09. So we see a lot of movement in the rates. The way we're thinking about it is, right now, we have not changed our assumption in our projections to move it each time we get a different change in the spot. I think we just – it would be a little bit hectic for us in trying to communicate that to everyone else. So we've left it to steady at $1.04. Should the rates stay where they are right now, we would expect to see some benefit on revenue as well as earnings. But as we saw in the first quarter, there can be offsets. So we had a translational benefit largely from the euro in Q1. So we saw about a $5 million pickup in revenue. However, we didn't see any EPS benefit because there was a transactional offset that offset the translational EPS benefits. So, right now, we're keeping our projections at that $1.04 rate. We recognize rates can move very quickly in both directions and just haven't updated based on today's rates.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah. So that distributor direct conversion is accountable for about 50 basis points to 60 basis points of revenue in the first quarter. If you add that to the $180 million of volume, that puts you, call it, $230 million, which compares favorably to last year's average which was just over $200 million. So, we actually, first quarter, once you adjust for that, is a slight tick up, but to your point the comp wasn't that difficult, so.
Thomas E. Powell: So in terms of the selling days, we estimate it was right around 6 points of revenue growth. And then in terms of GP, it's a little more difficult to fully estimate down to the bottom-line, but in terms of GP, around $15 million in the quarter. And then you could assume that we'd get somewhere around $8 million to $9 million on the bottom-line.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah. I would add to that, David. I think our overview of the quarter is on a broad base and a broad geography things were more robust than what we had thought. It's a continuing positive trend. Some of it comes from, I think – certainly no slowdown in utilization and some of it comes from just share gains. So I think we left the end of first quarter quite favorable about the underlying trends, again, almost throughout our business portfolio and throughout our geographies.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah. So, Dave, I think, the intention is to report Vascular Solutions contribution this year and then any and all revenue associated with Vascular Solutions contribution this year in the All Other category. And then as we move forward, the different growth drivers beginning next year, if Vascular Solutions starts to have new products that come to market, we will then add any revenue growth into those buckets of new products or price or what have you.
Thomas E. Powell: Sure. As we communicated at the last earnings call, our approach and thinking about that was to put into our financial assumptions the assumption that we would look for more permanent long-term financing towards the midpoint of this year. Now with that being said, there are some developments ongoing in Washington with regard to tax reform, the potential for repatriation and we're watching that closely. And should an ability to repatriate come up and that change our plans for the proposed high-yields or other financing, we'd certainly let you know at that point in time. But, right now, we have not made a definitive decision to postpone that. And, as you know, we've put that into our guidance as a mid-year financing.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, what we're really waiting for trying to identify is an opportunity to emerge to allow us to bring back cash. We've got quite a bit of cash sitting overseas. And if events were promising or look very promising, then we would continue to postpone that financing until something became definitive one way or another. Right now, it just isn't enough information to make that definitive one way or another decision, but we'll continue to monitor. And if it is looking promising, we wouldn't put in that high-yield or other long-term financing until a definitive outcome was determined.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Okay. So, Matt, it's Liam here. I'll take that. So with regards to new products, it was pretty broad-based. And we're encouraged by that, quite frankly. We did see a nice pickup in our VPS PICC offerings with the preloaded PICC that we had obviously launched late last year. And, of course, the ongoing focus of our PICC customers on the infection prevention and thrombus prevention is critically important to us because they've moved away – they are starting to move away from – and they have to report infections now on PICC. So, therefore, they're acutely aware that a coated PICC is saving the hospital funding. The other areas that we saw pickup was in the surgical group in our EFx. Within our anesthesia group and the LMA product family, in particular, on the LMA Unique with Silicone. Percuvance continues to ramp during the year. It isn't a significant contributor yet, but it will ramp during the year. And also, within our respiratory group on some of the humidification products. So, it was pretty broad-based, Matt, and that's very encouraging for us because across all our business units we're seeing a pickup.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Yes. So Pyng was the acquisition that we announced and it's going to have a modest revenue contribution. We expect that Pyng will contribute about 20 basis points thereabouts to our top-line, $3.9 million in revenue. Obviously, CarTika contributed 70 basis points within the quarter. Just remember, Matt, that we closed CarTika in September of last year. So you'll see a stronger contribution Q1, Q2 and then it will trail off Q3 and Q4. So we're still comfortable in our guidance for previously completed acquisitions.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Yeah. So we continue to see solid growth within the EZ-IO and OnControl, Larry, just to give you basis points. The EZ-IO grew at over 20% globally and the OnControl grew above 35% globally. So we're very encouraged by that. Again, Larry, it was pretty broad-based. We had a strong European performance. We closed the last ambulance service within the UK, which obviously helped. And we continue to expand within Europe. On the domestic side, we continue to see hospital adoption of the EZ-IO as an emergency device for vascular access. And, clearly, the new sepsis guidelines are also helping us, Larry, where it is indicated now for use for sepsis patients. And that's obviously helping clinicians make that good decision to use an EZ-IO in the acute environment for sepsis patients. So, again, Larry, pretty broad-based, very solid in Europe and continued solid growth in domestic market.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Okay. Well, I'll cover the Vascular Solutions piece first. So, Larry, we're positive on the integration of Vascular Solutions. We have now consolidated the sales organizations. We saw very robust growth in quarter one with Vascular Solutions, 13% growth over prior year. And as I said during my prepared remarks, that's one of the reasons we bought this company, for that consolidated growth. They're hitting their timelines on new products. So we had three new products from Vascular Solutions launched in the quarter. That's very encouraging. I'm glad to report, Larry, no surprises as of yet with the Vascular Solutions integration. And we continue to monitor it very, very closely, but very encouraged so far.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Okay. Scott, I might take that – it's Liam here – if you don't mind. So if you look back on a year-over-year basis, so our growth last year was 1.1%, although there were some billing days. If you normalize for billing days, it was about 3.3%. If you exclude any previously included M&As, the growth in this quarter was 4.2%. So we've actually shown that Q1 last year over Q1 this year actually nice progression. In relation to our guidance, our guidance is 4% to 5%. And it did include previously included M&As. And if you take that metric, in the 4% to 5% range, we're actually at 4.9%, at the top-end of that range. So, Scott, we're quite encouraged by the first quarter performance on the revenue line. What lets us believe that it will continue towards the latter half of the year, as we said in our prepared remarks, we had a dealer to direct in China. So therefore, that impacted our Q1 revenues in the region of about $2.5 million. So as we get – and that will continue through Q2, but then once we get into Q3 and Q4, that distributor will have burnt off their inventory and we will be dealing directly with those customers and shipping products. That's way we expect to see somewhat of a pickup in the H2 from core volume.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: So SAGES was a very positive meeting for us, as it always is. The update on Percuvance is within the quarter. We went through 11 new VACCs in the quarter, three were rejected, eight have resulted in purchases. So we continue to see the adoption. It continues to be surgeon by surgeon, Scott. But we're still encouraged by the performance of the product, and we haven't changed our estimations in line with that. As we said, next year, it will be – percutaneous solutions will be 1% of our revenue. And then as you get into 2019, it will contribute 1% of our growth, and we're consistent with that.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Okay, Anthony. I'll take the revenue one. So we had Vascular Solutions closed when we gave guidance. So we had the timing of Vascular Solutions already built in to our guidance range of 8.5% to 9%. If you look at our guidance, we had volume 1.8% to 2.4%, quarter one was 1.8%, new products 1.4% to 1.6%. We were at 1.8%, so we were above the higher end of the guidance range. Pricing to 50 to 60 bps, we were at 60 bps. And previously included M&A, 30 to 40, and we're at 70 bps. So we're very encouraged by the first quarter. But don't forget that the previously included M&As, as I said to Matt in my previous comments, that was closed in September. So you would expect a good pick up in the first two quarters and then a little bit in quarter three, but it won't be available in quarter four. We are very encouraged by our performance in Q1. And, as Tom said earlier, we just are being a little bit prudent. We want to see another couple of quarters and run our business and be a little bit prudent with regard to any raise we might want to make in the future.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Yeah. So when we gave the guidance of the $40 million to $45 million of synergies with Vascular Solutions, what we said was in the first year, this year, what you would see is that mostly coming from OpEx synergies. Then next year, 2018, you would see the dealer-to-direct conversions, I think, that would be appropriate. And then following years, it would mostly come from operational efficiencies. So we have no go-direct built into our plan for 2017 and none executed to-date.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: And, Anthony, I'd just add to that. Just in the quarter we just closed, we saw our PICC sales growing at about the 25% range. So we're continuing to be really encouraged by the progress that we make in that one area that we compete with Bard and actually taking share. And that was back to the earlier comment that I made that hospitals are now really focused on infection and thrombus prevention, and we are the only company with a coated catheter that helps to prevent both.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: This is Liam here. No. The type of business they're in, they don't actually have any benefit to the billing days. So that is just a direct comparison year-over-year.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: So most of it came from our core business. So the majority of that pricing came from vascular, surgical and cardiac in North America. The contributions from Asia were through the distributor model, not coming really from the distributor to direct, incredibly modest. So I wouldn't point too much to that coming through yet, Mike. You're going to see that in Q3 and Q4. So that's where we'll be talking about the contribution on pricing, in Q3 and Q4, from that distributor to direct.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: So, normally, David, what we expect is we expect our Vascular portfolio to grow pretty aggressive – to grow in that high-single-digits. We expect Cardiac division to grow in that high-single-digits. And then we would expect Surgical and Anesthesia to grow in the mid-single, perhaps into this – going into the higher single. And then for EMEA, we would expect those in the low single-digits growth rate on an annualized basis. And Asia, once we realize the go-direct, we'd again expect that to be in the high singles.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: And just to clarify, in the 1.8%, that from contribution to new products, there's no Vascular Solutions in that. That's all core Teleflex growth accelerating off the back of last year.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: So China, for us, is about a – last year it was about an $81 million business and it grew at about 7% on the entire year. Obviously, part of our growth rate was – part of our go-direct strategy was to accelerate our growth rates. What we've seen is the business where we didn't have a master distributor, the business we control with ourselves, mainly surgical, LMA and anesthesia. Our growth rates at sales out were much higher. If you add back the impact of China into the Chinese growth rate, we grew there in the 3.5%, 4% range in this quarter and we do see that accelerating into the latter half of the year. So we do expect China to be in that high-single, low-double-digit range for us on an ongoing basis.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Yes. It's Liam here. So we have just initiated the first clinical trial and that is to determine the efficacy. We have a high degree of optimism that that will be positive, simply because this procedure is available not in the way that we do it, but it is available in other parts of the world in a glass containment bottle. So we have a high level – high degree of confidence that this would be successful, but it has begun.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Maybe just go back again to the reconciliation on top-line guidance again. Just as we move through the second through fourth quarters here, just given the beat in the first quarter, earlier than expected to close on Vascular, new product seem to be doing well. There will be something more coming later this year. And then you had some small tuck-ins. I'm just kind of curious the why not a raise on the top-line guidance as well. And then I'll have two follow-up questions. Thanks.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Make sense. Maybe the follow-up will be on Vascular Solutions. Just in the synergy target, just how does the distributed-direct conversions play into that, if at all? And what is sort of baked in to the bottom-line this year for distributed-direct to direct conversions for Vascular Solutions specifically? And then I'll have one question about M&A.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Excellent. And then last one from me would be just the largest deal announced a couple of weeks ago, Becton for Bard. Bard is a big competitor. Maybe just some thoughts around that transaction. On the positive end, is there a potential for gains? Should we see some dis-synergies on the headwind? And is there a risk to the combination of these two businesses should that deal close? Thanks.
