Benson F. Smith: So, this is Benson, Larry. Your math is correct and the right assumption around that is that even including the second phase which we've announced does not represent the total sum of our footprint consolidation opportunities. As we did with the first phase, we've made the decision that the least risky way to proceed here is to do this in a phase effort. So, we are still confident about the overall sum that we'll get from footprint consolidation and you are right that there's more on the table than what is represented by these first two plants.
Benson F. Smith: So, Tom and I both talked a little bit about the first quarter with two less shipping days that is going to have a volume impact to us of at least 2%. Volume is a component of what drives gross margin and our expenses don't go down as a result of those two less shipping days. So it has an impact on operating margins as well. Excluding just the impact of first quarter as a result of the two less shipping days, it's going to be essentially ratable through the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarters. A little more heavily weighted towards the fourth quarter, but not substantially so as the new products we're introducing have higher margins.
Benson F. Smith: So, the clearest answer I can give you is that we remain absolutely committed to continue to do Vidacare and LMA-size and type acquisitions. It's very hard to give any clearer guidance in that since we can't announce something until the deal is essentially consummated from an agreement on both our parts. The overall, I would say the overall market environment has been a little affected by increased valuation expectations. But we still look for those opportunities where – because of the synergies we're able to bring to the table, we're the most likely buyer. So, that's – I wish I could provide more clarity, but we continue to remain committed. We have a very active identification list of companies that we have an interest in. And at the very least, I think you can expect a continued deployment of capital at the level we did in 2015 on those smaller acquisitions.
Benson F. Smith: So, the answer to the question, it's primarily being reinvested. We went through a list of internal projects that we wanted to fund this year and our total increase in R&D spending is up about $10 million to $12 million. So, that's about the number that we save from the medical device tax. In terms of where it's going, we're advancing some of our efforts in terms of our MAD Nasal product that requires some regulatory approvals. And we're expanding our Clinical Education group in order to get more mileage out, and we have withheld a little bit of that for some cushion for FX. If we learned anything over the past few years, is nobody seems to know exactly what the currency is going to be in a given year. So, we thought that was prudent to protect ourselves from the downside if FX turns out to be a little bit more negative than we thought it was.
Benson F. Smith: So, I would say there's more of an international interest in the Nostix product. Once you go outside the United States, most PICCs are placed by physicians particularly in Europe. They are more than capable of reading the ECG wave and making the determinations where the catheter is. So they're reluctant to pay a premium to have a simplified bull's eye system that is almost an insult to their clinical capability. So, this really enables us to provide a more cost-effective system that's very directly competitive with the largest competitor out there. And also, I think importantly, allows us some future potential to develop targeting systems that will work with CVC catheters and hemodialysis catheters. So, we still see our VasoNova system at the high end and most accurate system available, we're really delighted that we now have a VasoNova stylet that can work with our Chlorag+ard PICC products. So now customers don't have to choose between targeting and infection control and we can wrap that out. So, we see a strong rationale for good, better, best strategy. And it's the same thing we're doing with LMA masks in terms of a low-cost, mid-cost and high-cost alternative.
Benson F. Smith: In 2016, it's very little, very little. As Liam said, we've only been in 10 accounts at this point in time. We will be expanding that number during the course of the year. But it does take between three months and six months to get to the value analysis committees.
Benson F. Smith: So, again, if we take out the impact of the full-year of acquisitions, that's 140 basis points in the fourth quarter, which comes out and the extra shipping day 1%. So, that leaves us at about 5%. When it comes to 2016, we have only included in our guidance those elements from the smaller acquisitions that have a high – that are either already closed or have a very high probability of closing over the next few months. The likelihood that we do more than that in 2016 is certainly probable. So, and the 2015 number, obviously, includes everything that we did during the course of that year. So, that leaves some conservatism I think in the overall numbers as we look at that 5% to 6%. I think the main point that we're trying to get, there's been a lot of conversation about what does our growth look like without acquisitions is fourth quarter we'd certainly have – I think, have a clear demonstration that we're certainly right at around that 5% number without any assistance from acquisitions.
Benson F. Smith: Yeah. So, in 2016, we're only counting on 10 basis points to 20 basis points coming out of pricing. And I would characterize that as, again, a relatively conservative approach. Our real longer-term strategy is actually to move as much of our product portfolio into product categories, which don't have the same pricing targets on their back. So, Vidacare is a great example of a product, where there's really no significant competition. Products like Chlorag+ard – as a coating for both PICCs and CVCs really doesn't have much competition. So, we think in many ways, we're better protected against a very extreme cost environment that we might be moving into. And we still have the opportunity of dealer and distributor conversions, which show up in pricing, but we tend to think of them more as an acquired opportunity. All of which is helping our margin. But you're right, we have not seen the same negative price elements that other device manufacturers have had. But we've paid a lot of internal attention to pricing on every product code up and down the catalog.
Benson F. Smith: So I'll go back to my earlier comment that I made to a question and that is that our revenue guidance assumes only things that were closed in or are...
Benson F. Smith: Our revenue guidance assumes things that are largely closed. There are certainly elements to where we think that we'll do better than that and we did better than that in 2015. So we don't expect a slowing down. It's just that that's not in our 5% to 6%.
Benson F. Smith: So, let me talk about how we view M&A. we only count M&A as M&A revenue for the first 12 months that we've acquired the product. So, Vidacare has already passed its 12 month number. So, once that happened – in fact I think it passed it in January of 2014.
Benson F. Smith: So there's no product divestitures that are included in that per se. We are typically always engaged and looking at minor segments of our product line that either should be harvested or, in many cases, they're even too small to be divested, but what essentially that does not play into the restructuring element at all. The first restructuring effort, most of the savings, although, there were other small plants involved. Most of the savings came from a relocation from our Vascular product line manufactured in Asheboro to Chihuahua. We are in the final stages of that, so we expect to start to see some benefit of that starting to kick in at the end of 2016 and more substantially in 2017. The second stage of restructuring since we haven't made our employee announcements yet, we're not in a position to be able to give much detail until we do that. But similarly, it's steered around moving product from high-cost labor areas to low-cost labor areas where we already have plants and facilities in place and their principal savings comes from the hourly labor rate and the overhead cost.
Benson F. Smith: And to answer your question, our preference is certainly to look at product areas where we have an existing sales force that can sell the product and is already making a call on the existing customers. In some cases, our own product development efforts lead us into some different areas, Percuvance for example will have a substantial opportunity within the gynecological market as well as other laparoscopic markets. But that opens the door for example for us to have additive products that get use by that same customer. So, we are opened to the idea of adjacencies as long as they're strategically consistent with where we want to move our product line in any way.
Liam Kelly: So, we did have a good – it's Liam here. We just have a good comparable in the fourth quarter as we outlined during our quarter three earnings call. And for 2016, as we've said, we expect in the high-single-digit growth out of APAC and that will be our expectation. The pickup in China was pretty solid in the fourth quarter. And our overall Asia growth was 18%. China for sure was accretive to that. Our overall business as we go direct, places like Australia become a bigger part of the overall APAC numbers. So just as a term of reference, you don't get the double-digit growth out of place like Australia as you would out of China, Southeast Asia, for example. So high-single digits is our expectation out of Asia in the coming year.
Liam Kelly: I'll just add a little bit of color to that, Kristen. If you look at what happened in North America through Q2 to Q4, we went from 4.3% to 5.6% to 8.2%. Now, there are some billing days moving there, but nonetheless progression. And in particular, in Latin America and in particular, in regard to Venezuela, we have very little recovery forecast for Venezuela in our 2016 numbers.
Liam Kelly: So, I'll take this. It's Liam here. So, you're right to point that Vidacare – obviously, Vidacare, over the year, grew by 20%. So, that's a part of the story. Also on our CVCs, if you look at our CVC growth globally, that was in the mid- to high-single digit. CVCs were up close to 7% in that timeframe. And also, we see nice opportunity in PICCs. And now that we have the Chlorag+ard PICC with the positioning systems that we announced on the call today, we think that puts us in a very strong position to address the areas of thrombus and infection with our products. So, we see this as sustainable for sure. We don't see any reason why Vidacare growth would soften. We continue to see opportunities to expand within our CVC and we see, in particular, growth opportunities within our PICC portfolio, and we see Vascular continuing the trend in 2016 and beyond as it did in 2015.
Liam Kelly: So, what's happening at the moment is the 10 that were part of the trial, as I said in my prepared remarks, 9 have moved forward. Four of them have already added as the formulary and the others are going through the value analysis committee. And as you know, going through the value analysis committee can take anything from three to six months depending on the questions being asked. The product is broadening within those institutions and we have another 15 institutions that are waiting to trial the product and to go through the exact same process. So we're broadening of beyond the early adopters, Matt, to answer your question. And we are broadening into a greater sphere of customers. The same approach we're taking in EMEA. We got the CE mark, so we're all set to go with our launch within EMEA in quarter one. Everything we continue to learn about the products keeps us highly enthusiastic about its long-term potential.
Liam Kelly: And if you wanted to look, Matt, at our minimally invasive package, you would look at that at about 50 basis points to 60 basis points between our minimally – that includes Percuvance and Mini-Lap.
Liam Kelly: Yeah. I think, David, maybe the implication of your question is isn't that full-year guidance even at 54% to 55%, a little on the conservative side? And you're exactly right, it's a little on the conservative side.
Liam Kelly: As we think about where to deploy resources in any given year, we think about where the growth opportunities are. And if you look back a couple of years, we saw some nice growth across Asia and China and other markets and we upped the investment there to increase our sales penetration. For now, we're not continuing to up the level of investments that we had in the past. But just to be clear, we're not looking to scale back and exit markets, but rather just to divert resources to where we see some of the greatest growth. And right now, we see good growth in the U.S. and we see good opportunities behind some of our new product offerings, including Percuvance, Mini-Lap and as well as Vidacare where we're going to continue to divert resources to develop those potential opportunities. So again, it's not as if we're exiting any markets, but rather just curtailing the level of increase in those markets.
Liam Kelly: Well, within our numbers that we have two contracts that we locked, with neither of them were that significant. But adding to the wins that we announced, it's a small lost versus the significant win. If we look at the contribution of GPOs and IDN agreements, obviously there is a significant part of our growth rate. And if you look at the fourth quarter in North America and you look at the 8.4%, and you look at the full-year which is 6.2%. And if we look at the full-year, there is no billing days movement in that the 6.2%. We're getting about 1% to 1.5% growth from the market. That's what we estimate we're getting from procedure growth. So, everything above that is share gain and obviously, our GPO and IDN strategy is the key component of that. And we see that as a sustainable long-term. It also points to the point that Benson makes many times about our size. We are of sufficient size to be meaningful to the GPOs and the IDNs where we have significant share in segments of the marketplace that allows us to go in and extend our contract rates with those customers. If you look at where our products are used, they're used primarily in large urban sophisticated healthcare institutions. They're not used in smaller rural hospitals. Virtually, all of those hospitals are either – their purchasing is either supported through a GPO or an IDN arrangement. So, without those agreements, it is very difficult for a sales person to get a hospital to shift over into a non-contracted product. So, they're an important part of our strategy to set the stage for us to be able to have product discussions in those accounts.
Liam Kelly: If I could just add to that, if I look at the environment for dealer to go-direct. And we've said in the past, you can expect to see the same level of dealer-to-direct between 16% and 18%, as you've seen in the past, and we would be consistent with that. The environment is still rich there for us to do more dealer-to-direct. We just don't have them in our guidance numbers because we only have in our guidance numbers the ones that are closed.
Liam Kelly: That work is not concluded. That work is as part of our launch because in order to make any change to the label, we need to make a 510(k) submission to the FDA. And as part of our launch, we are actually working with our customers to gather the data that would sustain such a submission. I wouldn't want you to anticipate that the Protector has a massive impact on our new product portfolio. From a new product revenue generation, it is. We're rolling it out in a limited market release, and we continue to roll it out slowly and steadily to our customer base, in particular in North America, Australia and Europe and the UK where we have significant users of the laryngeal mask and in particular, on the second generation. And we'll use those customers to gather the information for the submission. What I should have said was the UK in the European Union, so.
Liam Kelly: Well, in the future, we're quite optimistic that once we get the change in the label, we should be able to move more of the endotracheal tube market over. Just to give you a reference point, the endotracheal tube market globally is about a $150 million market. Sales price of an endotracheal tube is $1 to $2. The sales price for a second gen or a Protector is in the region of $16 to $25. So, once we get that indication, obviously, and some of our customers that have used the product have told us that they believe that that indication should be within line of sight. But we need the clinical data to support that.
Liam Kelly: So, I'll answer that. As I said in my prepared remarks that the PICC product recall is behind us in Q4. So, we saw the recovery in Q4 of our PICC products. As we start to go back to those customers, we expect to see that rebound continue in Q1 and Q2. It does take a quarter or two because those customers will have stocked up with a competitor product. What we're hearing from the marketplace is that the most of them, if not all of them, will come back to us, that's very high percentage, are moving back to our product. But it just takes a while to restock, and we saw a mid-single-digit pickup in the first – in the fourth quarter. And we expect to see that accelerate through Q1 and Q2. Just on recalls, just in 2015 versus 2014, we saw our recalls numbers have from 44 to 22. So, even though they did have a bigger financial impact, the overall number of recalls would indicate that our processes are improving and our quality system is getting better.
Thomas E. Powell: Europe, we have characterized as stable. We have a good organization in Europe so I think that we'll probably see some modest uptick even in a stable environment there. And Liam has commented on Asia. So, I think the sum total is, more of what we've seen in the latter half of 2015, are the trajectories we expect to see in 2016.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, when we look at our gross margin, we're not perhaps as focused on any one particular quarter because there can be pluses or minuses that happened. We're really looking at the longer-term kind of growth of a year or multiple years. And so as we look at the fourth quarter, it's a quarter that had very, very significant volumes and that created some significant leverage for us. As we look at the year overall, we're seeing a nice progression in 2016 relative to 2015 and there's a number of drivers behind that and we pointed to a number of them in the prepared remarks. First of all, the footprint consolidation. The first phase of that will actually begin delivering some meaningful savings in 2016 of about $15 million. Overall, we expect footprint consolidation to contribute kind of a third or so of the overall growth in margin. We also are showing some nice operations efficiencies which were offsetting our inflation and that's driven by a number of initiatives, including SIPS (55:54). We've got strategic procurement initiatives and that collectively is about another 10% of the total growth. And then we've got some one-off expenses that we incurred in 2015 that we expect to go away or mitigate in terms of size and that will drive another 20% of the total improvement in gross margin. Now, in addition to the kind of cost savings on manufacturing, commercial volume and mix is going to be a nice driver for us. So we're going to continue to see margin gains coming from higher-margin products such as Vidacare, introduction of new products. We've got some product rationalization going on across the company. And then we've got a little bit from pricing. In addition, we've got some minor amounts of margin gain from M&A and distributor conversions included in the mix. So, I wouldn't focus particularly on one particular quarter but rather look at the trend and what we see is a nice progression in 2016 relative to 2015 for the reasons just mentioned.
Thomas E. Powell: So, the savings would be in the gross margin line and taxes could see some minor benefit, but not a meaningful change to the guidance that we've got out there for 2016.
Thomas E. Powell: And then just to further the point on M&A. So, just for clarity, it is past 12 months, what's included in there, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is we've got Truphatek, an OEM acquisition and then Nostix. The Truphatek and OEM probably were closed in the second quarter of last year. So, we really only have a quarter of additional growth in this year. Then we had two distributor conversions included in M&A. And again, it closed early in 2015. So, the incremental kind of M&A impact with 2016 is very minimal. And that's why it appears to be on the lower end of the range.
Thomas E. Powell: Okay. Well, in terms of our leverage per our credit facility definition, we're at 2.4 times at the end of the year and we have the ability to go up to 4 times under our current financing arrangements. Now, we've talked previously about our willingness to go up to 3.5 times. So, long as there is a pathway to get back to what we consider to be a longer-term target of 3 times. So, we've got ample capacity from a leverage standpoint to do additional acquisitions. We've also got cash on the balance sheet of over $300 million.
