Jake Elguicze: Thanks operator and good morning, everyone and welcome to the Teleflex Incorporated second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. The press release and slides to accompany this call are available on our website at www.teleflex.com. As a reminder, this call will be available on our website and a replay will be available by dialing 855-859-2056, or for international calls, 404-537-3406 pass code 47983139. Participating on today’s call are Benson Smith, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Liam Kelly, President and Chief Operating Officer and Thomas Powell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Benson, Liam, and Tom will make some brief prepared remarks, and then we’ll open up the call to Q&A. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the matters discussed in the conference call will contain forward-looking statements regarding future events as outlined in our slides. We wish to caution you that such statements are, in fact, forward-looking in nature and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual events or results may differ materially. The factors that cause actual results or events to differ materially include, but are not limited to, factors made in our press release today, as well as our filing with the SEC, including our Form 10-K, which can be accessed on our website. With that said, I would like to now turn the call over to Benson.
Jake Elguicze: And Ravi this is Jake to address may be your first question on FX. I mean there is really a lot of puts and takes in terms of the different currencies that's long during the course of the year versus our original expectations, many of which from a profitability standpoint, I don't have still that same impact. So, while the Euro was a little bit favorable compared to probably our initial thoughts, there are other currencies the Pound, the Canadian Dollar and a variety of others that we operate in that kind of went in an opposite direction still keeping that full-year on FX rate headwind assumptions revenue at about approximately 2% type level.
Jake Elguicze: Thanks, operator and thanks to everyone for joining us on the call today. This concludes our second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Have a good day.
Benson Smith: So, first, I just want to remind everyone what we said that we expect sequential incremental improvement in constant currency growth rates throughout the year. And obviously that’s what we saw in this quarter. And this quarter is broadly in-line with our expectations. North America respond very well into the quarter with constant currency growth of 8%, which was up from 2.4% in the quarter. And OEM as you said, was also a strong driver. EMEA was 1.3, was slightly below our expectation, which was due to the cardiac sales. But we did see an acceleration at the backend of the quarter, which makes us feel that that’s actually continued throughout the remainder of the year and we are expecting recovery there. APAC was 3.6%, slightly below expectations Larry, but again driven by lower cardiac sales and some weakness in South Asia. If we look at the full-year we are confident in our guidance range of 5% to 6% constant currency revenue growth on a continued growth in the second half, in particular, in North America similar to what we saw in quarter two. We expect EMEA to recover to the low single-digit growth in the second half. And as I said, we witnessed the beginning of that as we exited Q2, and OEM accelerating growth in the second half and the year. And Larry this is the business that we have good visibility on. Our backlog here is normally a quarter ahead, so we are reasonable confident on the OEM accelerated performance in the later half. In APAC, we expect to see a cardiac and Southeast Asia recovery in the second half and continued growth in China and Japan. If I look at it from a product side, we believe that Vidacare will continue to be a contributor to growth in the second half. Our PICC products with our new preloaded PICC with Chlorag+ard technology will be a contributor. And while not expecting a big contribution from FERC events, we do expect the accelerated growth from the other new products from our surgical suite including MiniLap, EFx, ISI ports. And finally, from a product perspective, we expect laryngoscope blades continue their very strong growth trajectory. I am not forgetting Larry in the final quarter, we have one extra billing day, which will also accelerate that growth for us. And quarter four Larry physician has been our strongest quarter. So, a good place to have an extra billing day.
Benson Smith: So the backorder situation, we had on the contrast deal with that personally, and then I’ll come back Larry to the quarter growth. So the backorder situation on the pumps, we had an issue with production of our balloon catheters. We are able to get all our shipments out to the U.S. Obviously, getting them overseas at the end of the quarter proves a little bit difficult for us. So therefore, we had a backorder situation at the end of the quarter. That was flush through Larry in quarter three. And again just coming back to the other part of your question, within the next two quarters, again we expect to see sequential incremental improvement across all of our businesses in Q3 and Q4. Q3 is reasonably good comparable for us in the prior year so we are pretty confident on accelerating that growth and then continue that into Q4. So that's our expectation is continued acceleration of growth through Q3 and then I know that will step up into Q4 Larry.
Benson Smith: Larry, this is Benson. Just to elaborate on that a little bit the we are not the only driver improving in EMEA it's certainly one of the biggest levers we have. And it's not unusual to see and pay economic times some of those European countries slow down on their letting loose of purse strings for healthcare. That usually have about a three to six month duration and there is political pressure that they start to spend again. We start to see that spend occur towards the end of second quarter and as we sit here today we are relatively confident that that's going to continue, there is an acceleration in third quarter but than an even bigger acceleration of that in the fourth quarter. So, that coupled with the OEM numbers, we think gives us pretty good visibility and confidence in hitting those numbers.
Benson Smith: So this is Benson. We have a lot of specific requirements in acquiring a company and I would say that it's true that valuations have crept up somewhat. However, the things we have said no to have to more view with issues that came up during due diligence that we felt would affect our ability to get those synergies we would have expected out of the deal. In terms of low rates things to look at we have actually been as busy as we have ever been in terms of investigating investigating potential acquisition charges. I will just review my comments, so we think that patients as a virtue when it comes to acquiring our companies and so far there hasn’t been something that's been sold at least why we have bought that.
Benson Smith: I would add some color to that. Liam and I just recently both attended a cadaver lab for Vidacare. And those about a until we got those about 170 people who signed up there, the interesting thing for us was that most of those people were existing the Vidacare users but they typically have been inserting the Vidacare into the leg versus the shoulder. A shoulder placement has much higher flow rates, it has much better absorption, and really opens up the market for us in a substantial way but what we learnt was people won't automatically shift from the leg insertion to the shoulder insertion and typically actually a candidate attend the cadaver lab and go through that process. So we want to continue to make particularly investments in clinical training for those acute product areas that high margins and what we think our high growth opportunities for us they are going into 2017.
Benson Smith: As we look at the guidance that we have outlined I'd say that there is a couple of things going on. First of all, strong operational performance as mentioned, we also have some FX benefit and we are doing two things with that, one is following some of that through the bottom line to increase guidance and the other is finding investments behind some of the new product introductions. As we have talked throughout the call you have heard a number of investment, one was behind Vidacare and additional cadaver labs we are seeing great returns on those investments. In addition, we have received very, very favorable feedback from the doctors who have been trialing the Percuvance product. And we want to make sure we are out there providing the support to help that product get up and to the hospitals value analysis committees. And so there are a number of new products that are in the pipeline that we want to make sure there is adequate funding behind. So that's helpful, Liam do you have any other.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning, guys. This is [Tom] (Ph) on for Brooks. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a great quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: I appreciate all the commentary in the prepared remarks on Percuvance. I was just hoping you could remind us on that total opportunity for that product? And then maybe just help us frame the launch cadence, in terms of revenue growth contribution and if there is anything you'd call out on mix impact to the margins from Percuvance that would be helpful.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great, thank you. And then I know we talk about this every quarter, but I just want to get your updated thoughts on M&A and more specifically if you could just comment on what the gating factors are to getting deals done? Is it valuation or scarcity of assets? Just any commentary you have would be very helpful. Thank you.
Liam Kelly: On the margins, first of all, it's accretive to our overall margins Tom, so that's why we are excited about this particular product. From a launch perspective we have now got the generation two, as I said in my prepared remarks launch within EMEA. We are currently showing the first generation in the United States. We expect to have the launch of the second generation in the United States in this quarter, quarter three. We don’t have a significant amount of revenue in 2016 but then we see some acceleration in 2017 and a further acceleration 2017 but we really expect to see the impact of it. Regarding the total market size opportunity for this, we see this as being an opportunity between $300 million and $400 million based on taking a 30% of the laparoscopic procedures in the marketplace today.
Liam Kelly: Okay. So, it's Liam here. So, our big business in North America grew by over 8% in the quarter so that for us was a really nice rebound. Our Chlorag+ard pre-loaded PICC is a new product, it's a two and three lumen product that is accelerating growth. We have the only PICC on the market that is both anti-microbial and anti-thrombogenic and that gives us a strategic competitive advantage against our competitors. And we see this as an opportunity for a sustainable long-term growth in our PICC segment and we continue to take market share. Globally our PICC business is up 6% and again very encouraging and we expect to see that accelerated as we continue to roll out the pre-loaded PICC. We also have some positioning systems that are unique to Teleflex. So when you talk about the PICC market you also need to talk about the positioning systems and an acquisition we did late last year out of positioning technology will come to the market late quarter three early quarter four and that again will give us an opportunity to be more competitive in this space. So we are very enthusiastic about our options in the PICC space.
Liam Kelly: It has been trending on the 20% range you are correct and we still expect it to be north of 20% for the entire year. Within this quarter we had a really tough comparison and it grew and it grew in total in the mid teens. The EZ-IO product in this quarter performed very, very well and the OnControl products performed even better. So cumulative with 30% growth we see expansion in the hospital segment in particular on the EZ-IO where we see more adoption for the difficult vascular access and we see more hospitals using this product. And as Benson said earlier about our cadaver lab, hospitals will be more inclined doing the deposit and the shoulder. We are a lot of clinical education to encourage people to place that product if you would imagine in a busy emergency room or in an intensive care area. Having access to the shoulder is a much easier sight than getting to the leg and obviously clinicians are now starting to move to the shoulder and get higher flow rate, to get better infusion of the therapy they are applying. And therefore that continues the acceleration of the hospital, and even in the EMS space, back in the day when we bought Vidacare, we thought that was starting to saturated. That is definitely not the case. There is more and more adoption of the products in the emergency space, and we continue to accelerate our growth overseas as well. And then it is really where the future opportunity for Vidacare is in the ongoing growth of Vidacare is to continue to compare it's ambulance services in Europe, hospitals in Europe, ambulances services in Asia and hospital services within Asia.
Liam Kelly: Hi its Liam here. So we have said that you can expect a longer-term fee about 20 basis points of price from Teleflex moving forward, and that’s roughly what we saw within this quarter. The pricing in our vascular segment mostly came from our arterial product lines and that was as a result of some contract renegotiations that we completed earlier on in the year, in our surgical business within our instrument and some in our polymer clips. So our expectation is that we still see opportunities to take price long-term in our more differentiated products where we have market share. We did see slightly price degradation in EMEA which offset the pickup that we made in North America. But on balance it was on 20 basis points. So as I said, we do expect to see that level of pricing be available to as longer-term. And we will continue also to do our dealer to direct, which also does have a longer-term pricing point as we take those business as direct. So expect the same as what you see from us in our current state is I guess would be our guidance.
Liam Kelly: Okay so if I look at emerging markets in PICC specifically, in China, we have only got our first generate PICC registered in China. Our Chlorag+ard technology PICC, our pre-loaded PICC are not yet registered there. We anticipate having the first of our newer generation PICCs registered in quarter four this year or quarter one of next year and that will give us a springboard to attack that market in China. In Latin America, our PICC business is up 11% and we expect to see continued growth there. We have run a number of training programs in clinical education in Latin America and we believe that is driving the uptick in our PICC market in that area. And we also believe that the acquisition of [NewV] (Ph), which is our lower cost conformation technology that we bought last year that would have accelerated our position in these emerging markets where quite frankly they are just not willing to pay for a higher cost positioning system that we offer in the United States.
Liam Kelly: So on the data we see externally tells us the procedure volumes are up-ticking moderately so we think we are getting about 1.5% to 1.7% in procedure volumes. All the other volume gains which we gained 5.5% in this quarter we believe is coming from taking share from change in the mix of our products within the marketplace and the trading the customer up which also expands our gross margins.
Liam Kelly: The reason we are putting these additional investments behind Percuvance is because of the very positive feedback. The fact that we are ready with this generation of products, what we have seen is that the more institutions we can get into the funnel, our hit rates getting through the value analysis committees is very high. So, we want to make sure that we are getting more and more doctors introduced to the product, more and more surgeons using the product and more and more surgeons willing to go to value analysis committees and take their case to use these products.
Liam Kelly: Hey, Matt. How you are doing? It's Liam here. You are correct not a big piece but it's event LMA trajectories it's somewhat of a contributor in the second half. The main contributors are the ones that I have launched line but our growth for the quarter. Our Chlorag+ard pre-loaded PICC is a big driver in the second half. Within our surgical group, we have the MiniLap, EFx and ISI ports and our laryngoscope blades in our surgical business units. So again, what we expect to see in Q3 and Q4 is an incremental improvement and a sequential improvements in our new products. And also Matt what you want to bear in mind is some instances let me take the Chlorag+ard PICC for example. There is some cannibalization within that number so the what we see in the first half of the year as we get it's even if the products is not in the marketplace we are still selling the core PICC and pre-loaded of that customer, so you will see represented in volume rather than in new products.
Liam Kelly: So, normally you would expect to get a - first of all we are not going to change our expectations for Percuvance Matt, we are going to maintain the 300 to 400 million as the market opportunity until we get farther down the road here and get some traction on it. So we will maintain that and it was based in the U.S. number, you are correct, but down the less I think to be conservative, we should maintain that number. What we are seeing with Europe is similar to what we are seeing in the U.S. and it is very, very strong acceptance for the product. The one thing you want to get from our product math is it needs to be intuitive. So when you put it in the hands of a surgeon they should get it immediately and with this product they do, they get it immediately. But similar to the U.S. they are not called value analysis committee to oversee, but there is a pricing board similar methodology that you go through to get the products approved and that’s what we are working through at the moment. In Europe alone we have over 70 surgeon trials that we have completed with this product.
Thomas Powell: Okay, this is Tom. I'll fill that. So, a little background and give you an overview of how we are thinking about the higher results, the moving pieces as you mentioned and how that plays into guidance. So for the second quarter the increase in EPS guidance of $0.09 at the midpoint is closely aligned with our second quarter compared versus our internal projections. And our internal projections for the second quarter moved ahead of free consensus. So for the year, we have raised guidance $0.19 as the midpoint which considered the number of factors including favorable FX, strong operating performance and the decision to increase investment behind selective product introductions. We currently expected FX will be approximately neutral to EPS for the year versus our original assumption of the $0.11 headwind, and the upside of the $0.11 reflects full for VOIs year-to-date favorability of currency as well as some improved expectations for the second half of the year. Now at the same time we continue to receive positive feedback regarding both Percuvance and protector in the product introductions and are therefore allocating additional resource in support of those product introductions and then future revenue growth. And finally our year-to-date operating performance has been strong. We have done a good job of leveraging the P&L to drive earnings growth ahead of expectations that has now come we are possible to increase investments and let additional earnings drop through the bottom line. So our current projections include adjusted EPS growth in the range of 15% which is obviously after when we started the year. Our bottom line is ever achieving, what we have said have to achieve and have been able to provide additional investments funding as a result of some of the upsides in both our operating performance and FX.
Thomas Powell: So for the restructuring programs, we are largely on-track with expectations. We had discussed previously little bit of delay in wet kits. We are working to resolve that, but that’s not a significant impact. What we are seeing, this quarter we are starting to see some good benefits coming through as a result of the 2014 footprint realigning program. And those benefits are coming through the balance of some the offsetting costs that frankly that gave it any benefits for last year. What we aren’t yet seeing are the benefits from the second phase of the footprint’s structuring program. We do expect to start seeing those benefits really for next year and primarily the year following. So a number of initiatives on the footprint that are delivering results. In addition, we have a number of cost improvement programs, aside from footprint that are delivering meaningful results quarter-in and quarter-out, so there is really the productivity gains going on in there in our operations group right now. We also had a pretty clean quarter relative to some one-off expenses that impacted this last year.
Thomas Powell: This is Tom, I’ll see on that. And so it's obviously a distribution to the end, a good chance to have. But just for the background for everyone on the call. So at our Analyst Day event, we outlined a multiyear plan FY2018 we expect increase, both in gross margin and operating margin by 350 to 400 basis points beyond where we ended 2015. And we further indicated that the operating margin increase was a minimum and that we would work to drive additional financial leverage. I wanted to make sure that we had adequate funds available to the launch of new products and other strategic investments. So given all of that, the gross margin target, as we factor in where we ended last year, it's 56.2 to 56.7 operating margin 25 to 25.5, and so recognizing that the midpoint of our 2016 operating margin guidance were already two thirds of the way to that 2018 targets. One might think we have got additional room for upside, and we potentially do. But there are a couple of points that I want to outline. First of all, with the temporary repeal that med device tax, which added about 70 bps to our 2016 operating margin, and this repeal with not contemplated and we provided 2018 guidance and could provide additional upside to that guidance should the repeal be permanently inactive. Second, is that we want to make certain that there are sufficient funds available for support of the launch of new products. So, while we are making great progress now on margin expansion, we also want to put some of that progress into investment to make sure that the future growth with Vidacare, Percuvance and other products is robust as it can be. And thirdly, while we have been successful supplementing our internal R&D efforts with late stage technology acquisitions. Over the next couple of years we want to continue to build out a level internal R&D spending again make certain that we have got a pipeline to deliver revenue growth into the future. So the bottom-line is that if you would exclude the benefit of the medical benefit would feel we expect to accomplish approximately 50% of that operating margin target by the end of this year. And we think that positions us quite well to achieve our 2018 target we feel very good about where we are to accomplish that. You are getting to see some upside from the med device tax, that's currently repealed and as mentioned we gave the guidance. We will continue to drive upsides that one to one relationship of gross to operating margin.
Thomas Powell: It's largely a range that that we are looking at so if we do see some of improvements in the Euro we see some abbreviation in other areas throughout the world so it's just combination of those different currency modes.
Thomas Powell: Okay, sure well. First of all I would look at the longer trends on margins specific quarters can have higher or lower levels of spending that belong on tissues, we had a pretty clean quarter both in the growth and operating margin this year as last year there were some comps un-favorability to comps that came in little bit extra bump. But overall, if we look at where we are on the back half of the year we are expecting overall operating margin to be kind of inline to slightly less than where we are in the second quarter with the fourth quarter being particularly stronger than the third. We are intending to make investments in the third quarter to support these product offerings into and that's going to have a little over margin expectation as result. But overall, our operating margin, as we look to the back after the year, we will be largely in-line with where we are in the second quarter. I think just slightly under second half versus second quarter. On the gross margin-line, we expect again to be largely in-line with where we are in the second quarter and modestly trending up wards depending on how mix plays out.
