Jake Elguicze: Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Teleflex Incorporated Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. The press release and slides to accompany this call are available on our website at www.teleflex.com. As a reminder, this call will be available on our website and a replay will be available by dialing (888) 286-8010 or for international calls (617) 801-6888, passcode 18970797. Participating on today's call are Benson Smith, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Thomas Powell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Benson and Tom will make brief prepared remarks, and then we'll open up the call to questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the matters discussed in the conference call will contain forward-looking statements regarding future events, as outlined on Slide 4. We wish to caution you that such statements are, in fact, forward-looking in nature and are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially. The factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially include, but are not limited to, factors made in our press release today, as well as our filing with the SEC, including our Form 10-K, which can be accessed on our website. With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Benson.
Jake Elguicze: David, this is Jake. Just real quick. Just to add on to your question here. I also think that these investments that we're talking about accelerating into 2014, a lot of these were already planned for from our standpoint in 2015. And we're simply taking the opportunity potentially to invest a little bit earlier. And we're still maintaining our 2014 adjusted operating margin range of between 20% to 21%. So I don't think simply by making some additional investments in 2014 that that takes away from our -- any of our prior thoughts related to margin expansion and where we think we could end up 2015.
Jake Elguicze: Thanks, Operator. And thanks to everyone that joined the call today. This concludes the Teleflex Incorporated second quarter 2014 earnings conference call.
Benson Smith: Yes. So I think the overall response I will give you David is we are certainly more positive about it now than we were even six months ago. We're still a little concerned about the absence of procedural uptick in the U.S. and that has the potential to add about an extra 100 to 200 basis points in organic growth rate. But even absent that, I think the numbers that Tom laid out for you, the way we're looking at this, we're probably in that 4% to 5% range when we count in the organic momentum for Vidacare, when we look at the absence of a shipping day. So we're a lot closer to that 5% even without the uptick in U.S. procedural rates that we think our portfolio is capable of. So I think the short answer is we feel certainly better about getting close to that number even in the absence of U.S. procedural growth but that would be a nice kicker on top of it.
Benson Smith: Yes. So our six month experience with Vidacare leads to believe very strongly that the driving force behind that growth is the clinical education programs, which get users, accustomed to this device initially. And those take place in the form largely of cadaver labs and there is a very, very strong correlation to people going to one of those labs and returning back to their setting and starting to use the device much more frequently. So I think we've seen that very strong correlation and have a high level of confidence that that's really what's going to continue to drive Vidacare revenue. I think again relative to Vidacare, we've got some brand new markets that the product has been approved for recently. It's approved for sale in Japan; it's approved for sale in China. Those are really brand new opportunities for us. But again, we're going to require some investment in clinical education to actually get that product moving forward. We have been, I would say, overall extremely selective in looking at the kind of initiatives we want to support and are even aside from Vidacare looking at those kinds of activities that we've seen have demonstrated, relationship between spending in that area and increasing revenue.
Benson Smith: So I think we're more confident now that there is a substantial international market as we've gotten a certainly preliminary feedback from key users in China and Japan, in Europe. So I think that's been a positive to us. I think we also have been quite pleased with the adoption rate or the OnControl device in the oncology segment, which had only started to receive some attention from the Vidacare's sales force in the last year that they owned the product. And we're seeing some pretty good traction in the military segment as well. So all those things I think have bolstered our view about the potential performance of this product, above certainly what we had in our acquisition model.
Benson Smith: So I think that the softness in anesthesia is somewhat particularized to the U.S. and relates I would say primarily to just soft procedural rates in the United States. So those are the particularly LMA, the LMA portion that is used in general anesthesia. If those procedural rates are down we have a very large share of the U.S. market. So we tend to feel of that that way. Overall, LMA companywide experienced approximately 3.1% growth rate this year. So except for the United States we're seeing that product perform as expected. And again, we have some -- we think we have a very good couple of new products that will come along. One is just been released that I referenced in my remarks. And we have another product that should be on the marketplace in the early part of 2015. So our long-term view of LMA, given some adjustment in U.S. rates, is in that 4.5% to 5% growth potential range. Vidacare, every time we think we've quantified what we think the opportunity is, we see some blue sky opportunities on top of that. So I think I'll just reiterate what I said today. We certainly feel more bullish about it than when we bought it. And we are anxious to see the extent and the speed at which we're able to get some adoption with some additional spending against the clinical education.
Benson Smith: Hotspur was one of those late-stage acquisitions. We have kind of been waiting for that product to get its way to the marketplace, for below the knee applications. We don't expect it to meaningfully contribute in 2014, because we will just be largely confined to limited market releases in the U.S. in the last part of the year. We do expect that to start to show some revenue growth in 2015. The other, certainly the largest inventions we've made to-date in the late-stage technology arena is in Semprus. We experienced some technical difficulties in attaching the polymer to various substrates. That issue seems to be resolved at this point in time and so we are in the later stages of doing some testing, particular testing around specific product categories and we should start to see those creep into the marketplace in the latter half of 2015.
Benson Smith: So just addressing the scale issue, I think you're right in that, in your assessment that scale is becoming increasingly important. There is a size at which it becomes less important though and I would say that if you're not big enough to be able to walk into GPOs on a pre-frequent basis in the United States, if you're not big enough to have a real global distribution of your product line, it's hard to compete against those companies that had that size. Well we are certainly smaller in comparison to -- obviously other medical device companies; we are actually big enough that we meet that criteria. We have frequent visits and/or certainly well known to GPOs and IDNs in the U.S. We have a good capability to be able to sell a product in every significant market globally. So I actually think the size we're at is an advantage rather than a disadvantage. It's an entirely different matter if you're $100 million company and really only able to sell the product in one market. I do think from our -- therefore our acquisitions strategy is really driven around products that particularly strengthen our franchise rather than simply trying to get bigger for the sake of being bigger. And so again I think what you've seen in the past remarks, which is acquisitions in the size of Vidacare and LMA provided they meet our criteria, some investment, some continued investment in late-stage technology acquisitions, some continued investment in distributor acquisitions is what you can expect I think over the next three years for sure. So we don't see our thoughts about acquisition changing much over what we've done over the last couple of years.
Benson Smith: So I would generally describe it as across the board. I think we're seeing a little bit better results out of Italy and Germany. If you get down to some product lines we are certainly seeing good results in the UK. France has probably been one of the areas that's been a little more sluggish to come back but overall it's good throughout the continent.
Benson Smith: Yes, about 75% of the revenue was in the U.S. and about 25% of it was outside the U.S. The majority of that outside the U.S. revenue was in Europe, very little contribution from Asia.
Benson Smith: Yes, so right now I think our sense is that we continue to need to add sales heads in Japan as we rollout our additional product lines into Japan. We're making some other investments in Japan also over the next year just in terms of our presence there in other capabilities. Our overall Asia sales usually amounts to around 12% of our revenue and China accounts for about 5%.
Benson Smith: So I think the best way to characterize that is to the extent that we see some over performance in our non-restructuring efforts that's just going to help us in our overall activity to continue to increase our gross margins. We don't see that as having an impact on our current thought process around the overall restructuring efforts. We've certainly indicated, I think on many occasions, that we see ourselves over the next several years with a capability to move beyond that 55% number. And so the combination of all those things is actually just is very helpful in our ability to be able to do that.
Benson Smith: So we have -- we continue to see good utilization of our polymer clip ligation product line. I think as we look and that's true in the U.S. and true globally. We actually see occasional strength in our reusable instrument line as hospitals go through different sort of periods of buying instruments. I think as we look over the next several years, we are expecting one of the lead product entries to be in this micro laparoscopic areas. The feedback that we are getting from key opinion leaders now and this is quite favorable that will take us really to 2015, to the end of 2015 by the time we start to see that start to take off in a measureable way. I think there's other product EFX continues to perform well. So generally that the good part about out that is I think we've made some great investments and have an opportunity to really propel that to above average growth rates if there is a negative that's one of the product areas that gets caught up in the procedural downturns particularly in the U.S.
Benson Smith: I'm not sure I completely understand the question so if I don't answer it feel free to ask it again. I think actually we're quite positive in terms of seeing our gross margin mix continue to improve and we are again allocating sales time continually against our higher margin growth opportunity. So our expectation is we will continue to get some benefit from that. Relative to pricing it was better than we expected on both fronts. We're getting a bit, a more growth out of the distributor-to-direct conversions than we thought but we're also getting some better pricing out of our core pricing than we expected. So I don't think it was our intention to signal that we expect some decline about that and actually we're pretty pleased with our continued efforts to get some price out of the marketplace.
Benson Smith: So the way we look at new products kind of from two perspectives. One is the overall contribution. And then, there are I would say just in our industry it's not unusual for the FDA to take a little longer than might have been in our original plan to get a new product on the market had we gone back a year earlier for example we would have expected this Hotspur Balloon to be on the market sooner than we anticipated or sooner what actually happened. I think the way we actually measure the success of a new product after it's released is how close is it doing to our expectation from the time it's released. There is a bit of an issue in the U.S. I would say relative to something that cost a hospital more the process to get it through the hospital channel is a bit more complex. Those committees cannot meet in the summer time. So that can have an impact and almost everything now has to go through some kind of hospital product evaluation. So that's having certainly an effect but I don't think we see that as a long-term issue. It's just going to take a little longer to get the ball rolling in some of these activities but we're still pretty confident about our new product lineup.
Benson Smith: So certainly our willingness to do a deal is there. We do have very type criteria that we are quite disciplined in staying within. Like those products that are largely or companies that are largely single product focused, like those companies that have a product that we think we can take globally. We like those products that obviously have higher growth rates associated within him and higher margins in our current portfolio. So we're not anxious to do a deal just to do a deal. We're pretty tightly disciplined around that. I think the -- I would characterize the pipeline today assuming to what it was a year or two ago and again gets back to my point about size. Those companies that are in that $50 million to $200 million range in revenue have a harder time just being able to go global without incurring a lot of expenses. They have a harder time walking into GPOs and getting their products on contracts. So that still seems to be a pretty good inflexion point where particularly companies that are ventured-back are willing to look for an alternative.
Benson Smith: Correct. And that's, I think that's one of the reasons why we're quite pleased we're able to break over that 52% number. We really need to be there for the manufacturing efficiencies to kick in enough to get us over that 55% number by the end of the year. So we were pleased and I think we would have been pleased had it happened any time this year but sooner is always better than later.
Benson Smith: So the plant closures on our current plan starts to make a contribution towards the end of 2015 so that's correct.
Benson Smith: We're not going seeing much of a linear jump though between that 52.5% to 55%. The majority of that jump comes from the footprint consolidation. So I don't want to give the impression that we're going to see sequential quarter-to-quarter improvement and it's going to be a gradual ramp up to 55. It's going to be relatively what's more like a bullish jump as that starts to kick in.
Benson Smith: I'm going to use this occasion though just to issue caveat that we have issuing all along and that is, if there is a risk associated with the footprint consolidation and there is a risk. The risk really has to do with timing. And we may find ourselves in a situation where because of unanticipated orders, other factors, we may need to keep a particular facility open little longer than what our plan was so that could delay the timing of getting some of these savings. And to us we're always going to err on the side of making sure we have product supply as opposed to trying to hit an arbitrary deadline. That being said, we think we've got enough contingencies to be have crossover that 55 number by the time we exit 2015. There is a risk; it could be pushed into the early part of 2016.
Benson Smith: Correct. We're assuming that trend we've seen for the first half of the year continues for the balance of the year. We hope we're wrong and we do see an impact but we're not counting on it in our guidance.
Benson Smith: So the big investments that we're going to make this year, in places like China and Japan, are not actually likely to derive significant revenue in 2015. But if we don't start the process now we're not going to see them in 2016. So most of our growth in 2015 is likely to come from continued expansion in the acute care setting in hospitals, continued adoption in for the oncology product throughout the U.S. And then, in Europe it's a bit more broader base. We still have significant opportunities in the ambulance segment in Europe and then moving into the hospital segment. I would say though that as we are speaking about Vidacare's growth next year, we're not necessarily thinking it's going to grow by 30% this year over last year. We think that the -- perhaps a better way to look at it is, the dollarized growth is going to look similar in term of an increase this year or last year and that's where sort of what we were tying it to the 1% of our organic growth rate.
Benson Smith: So certainly, the acquisition of Mayo was our biggest by far planned distributor conversion for 2014. We are in a series of ongoing discussions and we always are with additional distributors. At this point, it's unlikely that something would happen in 2014 in a way that would significantly drive revenue because we would only have month or so at best of revenue contribution in 2014. The specific question about Mayo was in the $9.1 million.
Benson Smith: $9.4 million range about half of that was driven by our increased prices to end users versus selling to distributor and about half of that came from volume.
Benson Smith: The answer to that Raj is yes. And actually every time we do an acquisition like Vidacare or like LMA they typically have distributors in areas where we can easily sell the product on a direct basis. And so that process in and itself ease us with a continuous supply of opportunities to overtime take that business direct. And you're right, it does have a great impact on our margin, gets as closest to the customer. We are enthusiastic about that activity.
Benson Smith: Well, so this the particular circumstance that Tom referenced actually related to a move that was separate and apart from our restructuring program. It was an effort that was initiated last year. And as sometimes happen, demand for product exceeds what you might think it's going to be and we therefore had to renegotiate additional lease time in a facility, longer than what we had planned. And so now we have to add those or really take into account those costs. I would say that those kinds of circumstance are always probabilities in a move like this. And I'll go back to my remarks that we're always going to err in the side of making sure we have a good customer supply as opposed to try and economize in areas that might hurt us in these moves. But it certainly doesn't discourage us at all from the overall initiation of additional cost improvement programs.
Thomas Powell: Well in terms of our covenant we can go up to four times. What we talked about in the past is that we're comfortable with a longer-term three times leverage we take it up to three-and-a-half times for the right acquisition opportunity, if we had a pathway back that three time level.
Thomas Powell: Sure. I can walk you through that. So on an adjusted basis we talked about our gross margin improving 250 basis points during the quarter. As we look at the components of that there is largely four pieces to highlight. The first is Vidacare with the addition of their 85% gross margin products contributed about 180 basis points to that growth. Then go-direct, which is showing up in the form of pricing and driving gross margin largely coming from our Mayo acquisition South Africa and LMA distributor-go-direct as well, now that contributed about 90 basis points. Now we also picked up another 10 or so basis points from the introduction of new products, which carry a higher margin in the average. We did have some operation performance downsize during the quarter and that was due to a cautious decision to delay the close and move of manufacturing sites for a period of time. And so essentially what we got is some redundant costs at both the receiving site and the defending site. And then we also made the decision to defer some select manufacturing equipment programs that kind of held us back some additional gain and we will pick that up as we move forward. But overall as we look at all the cost improvement program that we've got scheduled for the year, are largely tracking to a full year number. So we feel good about it where we stand in the aggregate for the year.
Thomas Powell: We haven't specifically but as we spoke through the results of the quarter, I picked up on the fact that Vidacare is about $21 million in revenue. As we started the year we had estimated revenue in the range of $68 million to $72 million for Vidacare. Now based on a first quarter result of that $20 million -- $21 million of second quarter which was a bit strong due to a large military order which hope we would rather keep but not actually discount on. And we would expect that we're probably in that $20 million range for each of the third and fourth quarters. So we're trending towards the $80 million range for the year on revenue.
Thomas Powell: As we think about the year we are down a bit in R&D. We touched on the fact that if we -- as we began the year we are somewhat cautious in the level of investments. I think you should think about in R&D in particular is that we did pulled off a little bit on some of the R&D spending associated with Semprus. We worked through some of the technology challenges. As Benson mentioned, we are feeling more and more confident about that and expect to resume spending against that project. So we look to see our R&D spending ramp up throughout the back half of the year as a percentage of revenues. We're down at the 3.2% range on adjusted basis in Q1 and Q2, and we expect that to get above 3.5% for Q3 and Q4. And certainly as we think about R&D we think about also the spending from expense standpoint. Also the investments we're making to buy this late-stage technology acquisitions. So well the R&D spending is kind of at a 3% plus range, we've also got some investments we've made and acquisitions such as Semprus or Hotspur.
Thomas Powell: Just to clarify in this year to make sure we got expectation I did say that we would continue to improve what, what we're thinking about in terms of first market balance of the year. We look to see that continue to strengthen in the third quarter and then in the fourth quarter we're going to have some expenses associated with the footprint consolidation that won't be adjusted out for calculating adjusted gross margins. So that will impact the gain a bit as we go through the fourth quarter. And then just to clarify on the overall footprint project, what we talked about during the last quarter's call was that we expected to realize savings in total once fully implemented of $28 million to $35 million. And those savings would begin in 2015. So we start realizing those in the end of 2015 and then, that's going, in addition to some other actions we've got some cost saving projects will allow us to get to 55%. But then the majority of the savings from footprint really kick in, in 2016. So we're feeling confident that we can get towards the end of 2015 the 55% and then have additional benefit from footprint thereafter.
