Liam Kelly: Thanks, Tom. In closing, I will highlight our three key takeaways from the second quarter of 2024. First, our diversified portfolio and global footprint drove durable growth in the second quarter. Our execution remains strong. We are launching new products. And our margins remain healthy. Second, the solid performance in the first half of the year and the expected contribution from the Intra-Aortic Balloon Pumps in the fourth quarter, gives us confidence to increase our revenue and earnings per share guidance for 2024. Third, we will continue to focus on our strategy to drive durable growth. Palette is performing above our expectations. We are executing on the Intra-Aortic Balloon Pump and Catheter opportunity. And Titan is generating solid growth. We will invest in organic growth opportunities and drive innovation and expand our margins. Finally, we will execute on our disciplined capital allocation strategy, which now includes a share repurchase program, to return cash to shareholders and enhance long-term value creation. That concludes my prepared remarks. Now I would like to turn the call back to the operator, for Q&A.
Liam Kelly: Yeah, Anthony. So first of all, we're really delighted to be able to call up our total revenue guidance for the year by 50 basis points. And a significant contributor to that is the Intra-Aortic Balloon Pump opportunity which we expect to hit in the fourth quarter. With regard to the Intra-Aortic Balloon Pumps and Catheters specifically, over the past 2.5 years, Anthony, we have had a really strong market position; and we've been continuing to take share up until this point. The opportunity is evolving real-time. And based on what we know today and the visibility we have, we do expect the vast majority of those pumps that will ship in Q4, just on the timing, Anthony, within the marketplace as it takes for people to get them through their system and to place the orders. I will tell you that our quote rate has been very, very robust since the announcement from the competitor and is encouraging enough for us to realize this is going to impact at least into the first half of 2025. And you have a variety of reactions on the ground from the customers. The bulk of the inbounds have come from north -- the US specifically, not North America, not too much from Europe because the CE mark right now has only been suspended for a shorter period of time. We were always taking share in Asia Pacific, and we expect that to continue over a multiyear period. Our goal is to ensure that, over the longer term, it's not just about pumps, that the catheters that follow those pumps will be with us for over a multiyear period. And our second goal is to ensure that, the share that we take, we maintain that over the long-term so we become a more meaningful player in the intra-aortic balloon pump and catheter market.
Liam Kelly: Thanks, Anthony. I'm going to cover the second question, first, Anthony, because I think it's an important one. And as both Tom and I said in our prepared remarks, this is in addition to our ongoing M&A strategy. Right now, as we look at our company, our free cash flow generation is really, really strong. Our current leverage is 1.6 times. With the $200 million of the ASR, that takes us to 1.9 times, a really healthy position. And we continue to be active out there in the M&A market looking for opportunities. I want to reassure every investor listening to this call, this does not cause us to miss a heartbeat in our M&A strategy and also continuing to invest in the business to improve shareholder return. On the first questions you asked, about the margin profile, Anthony, I would say that you should look at it in two buckets really. The first bucket is the pump volume that's going to hit us, in particular beginning in Q4, as I already said. That is dilutive to our corporate average. The catheters that will follow are accretive to our gross margin average, so in its entirety, that business is equal to our corporate average, but it comes in two stages. You'll get the pumps first, and then over the next multiyear period, you will get the catheters that are accretive, so that's how you should model it. And I just want to make an additional point on that: Even despite the pump volume coming in Q4, we have still been able to update our gross margin guidance with an uplift of 25 basis points coming from the core business, so that should really send a strong signal to our investment community that our core business is performing exceptionally well, driving the 25 basis points in gross margin and driving 25 basis points in the operating margin and obviously the EPS that Tom outlined in his comments.
Liam Kelly: Yes. Thank you. I think that the way I would look at this, Matt, is that it's evolving in real time. You have to remember this just happened on May 8. Our calls inbound volume didn't really start to increase until you got well into the back end of June. And here we are sitting in the first day of August. So that will tell you. I'm just trying to give you a time line. The way I would look at the call-up is that the majority of it is associated with the intra-aortic balloon pumps. The catheters will come later. I would agree with your assessment that there is further opportunity to develop and take more market share at a minimum in the first half of 2025. Regarding your question on Europe, the short-term -- and we've had short-term suspensions in the past with the competitor, where they've been out of the market. If you go back to 2023, they were out for six months. And there's very little volume that switches in a short period of time, Matt. That's why we're tempering our expectations for what's going to happen in Europe unless the withholding of the CE mark is extended beyond that time. And then as I said, in an evolving situation, that would change. I would also point out that we've begun scaling up and continue to scale up our manufacturing to make sure we can match the demand. As I sit here today, I feel really comfortable that we are able to match any demand that comes from this opportunity just because of the nature of the manufacturing process for both the pumps and the catheters.
Liam Kelly: So I would say that, if you wanted to break out the $250 million, the easiest way to look at it, Jayson, is about half and half. Half of it comes from the capital on an annual basis. Because you just remember the pumps will last for about eight years, and the catheters get used over that cycle. So that's a reasonable rule of thumb for the $250 million.
Liam Kelly: Absolutely, Shagun. On the doctor's office side, I will tell you it's -- it continues to be challenged; very, very similar to Q1, so no little -- no change on the growth profile in the sites of service and no change in the amount of procedures that are being done in the office versus the hospital and really no change to the growth profile in the office. It continues to remain challenged. I will tell you that, as we outlined in our prepared remarks, the biggest change has been in Palette, where through the first half of the year, based on the performance of Palette Life Sciences and in particular Barrigel, we're updating our revenue guidance from $66 million to $68 million to $70 million, $72 million. UroLift has been performing broadly in-line, but by definition, we're holding our full year guidance at 7.5% for interventional urology. And we're really pleased with the performance of Palette, really pleased with the performance of Barrigel. The cross-training of the sales rep, Shagun, is now completed, of those 50 dual-bag reps. And as was always the case in our full year guidance and no change, we still anticipate an improvement in the second half of the year as Palette Life Sciences continues to ramp and we get those sales reps, dual-bag sales reps, back into the field selling both products.
Liam Kelly: Yeah. Thanks, George. And good morning to you as well. The Ringer has a PTCA indication which is right in the call point for the biggest part of our sales force that sell our complex catheters. It is growing into an approximately $40 million market. And its indication, as I said, is PTCA. Our thinking on this is that there may be additional indications in the peripheral. And as we all know, we've got one heart and two legs, so the market is much bigger in the peripheral. My expectation is that the surgeons and the interventional cardiologists will tell us where the next application is. When they get this product into their hands, it's a pretty innovative product. And what the product does in effect is it helps the interventional cardiologists in the case where there is an accidental puncture of a vessel. And it allows them to continue to do the procedure by using the Ringer catheter. There will be no cannibalization, George, to your part of your question with regard to our current portfolio. And we've just completed a study on perforation, which will be the next indication for this product as we continue to grow into that $40 million market. So another example again of the innovation within the interventional access business. New products into this business in particular is the lifeblood of the interventional cardiology. You want to be in front of the clinician in the cath lab, and having new products within your bag allows that interaction on an ongoing basis. We've seen it with MANTA and we've seen it with the Wattson wire. Now we're going to see it with Ringer. And we're really happy that this product was in -- a little bit ahead of its time line. So we're happy with the execution of the R&D organization within that business unit as well, George.
Liam Kelly: Well, I think it's hard to quantify what it's been in the first half of the year, but we had planned for the impact of the cross-training. We knew that it was going to have an impact. And therefore, we always anticipated that, in the back half of the year, interventional urology would be improving as you go towards the back half of the year. I think the tailwinds will come in two buckets, in my mind, George. Now you have more sales reps out there talking about Barrigel, so that's an opportunity. And as you know, we have Barrigel and the Palette portfolio ramping in the back half of the year as we go through. And again I want to reiterate we're really pleased to call up the 4 million on Barrigel just based on the first half performance, but then the other tailwind one would expect is you get these reps that were tied up in training for quarter one and quarter two back out there on the road also positioning and -- the UroLift back to their surgeons, so we'd expect somewhat of an improvement in that as well, as was always anticipated, George. And we have maintained our guide for interventional urology at 7.5%, so I think we're confident in our ability to deliver that.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Vik. Honestly, we're active out there. We're always active out there. At any one time, we have a number of assets that we are chasing and paying very close attention to. Our leverage helps us. We're at 1.9 times pro forma even with the $200 million on the ASR. And I think that the M&A environment, in my mind, has improved for private assets. I think, valuations, I've seen a tempering in the valuation expectations somewhat. In the areas that we're focused on, it's the worst kept secret that we really like the cath lab as a cold point. We really like emergency medicine. The intensive care unit for our vascular team is -- every single day, is an area of focus for us; tuck-ins in OEM and in surgical we could do. I would like to restate that the share repurchase is not a substitute for M&A. We are going to do M&A alongside the share repurchase. And we can do both and we have the cash flow generation to do both. And the share repurchase, for us, is just another way to return capital to our shareholders. We continue to support our dividend. We continue to reinvest in the business, and for sure, we intend to continue to do really good M&A. The other part of your question is hard to answer, Vik. Are you chasing assets that are dilutive or accretive? If you look at the spectrum that we're covering, we are aware that dilution is not a favorable outcome. And we are looking at assets that continue to add value both on the top line and to earnings, and those assets are out there and available.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Rich, that is correct. The overall business is equal to the company's gross margins. The capital is slightly below and the catheter is slightly above, so in its entirety, it's equal, but the call-up on gross margins, the 25 basis points, is not attributable to the intra-aortic balloon pumps. It's actually despite to -- on the margins. It's not a big drag because it's just slightly below, but I just want to make sure that people realize that the call-up on the gross margins and the op margins are really driven by the core business and the performance of the core business. Regarding your question, which is a good one, in relation to the ability to convert those quotes, well, in the past, there were two potential suppliers of product in the marketplace. And our conversion rate was in line with our market share, and -- but it was growing. The overall market is growing at around 3% or 4%. Our intra-aortic balloon pump and catheter business over the last number of years has been growing at more than double that market share growth. So we have been -- continued to taking share in particular in the US and in Asia Pacific. The quote volume I referred to, Rich, is exclusively in the United States, where customers have been strongly advised by the FDA to seek an alternative supplier. And our confidence level in converting that quote volume associated with the call-up in Q4 is incredibly high, based on the activity that we're seeing.
Liam Kelly: And Rich, I just want to add ever slightly to that, to what Tom just said; and just to make sure people are aware that in the current year, in Q2, when we -- and because as you realize, this didn't happen until July. When we rolled up our numbers in Q2, we were above the top end of our guidance range of $760 million to $765 million. And then we took a booking of 2 million after we closed the quarter in late July. And there's another 2 million of impact in the back half of the year that we're booking because that's in the current year. And I think that should be a -- something that is booked in real time by the company. And as Tom said, the other -- $13.8 million is related to prior year periods and, therefore, wouldn't be a good representation of the performance of the company.
Liam Kelly: First of all, on the catheters, the attachment rate to the actual brand of the pump is incredibly high. If you use a competitor pump traditionally, you used the competitor catheter. It's all part of the decision-making process. And if you used the Teleflex pump, you used the Teleflex catheter. Both companies have adapters that work reasonably well converting catheters, not as good, because the catheters work differently. What I mean by that is our fiber optic catheter has a sensor at the tip of the catheter and that's how it pulses. The competitor catheter has the sensor within the pump, and that's how it syncs. So they don't work as well on the fiber optic lasers, so therefore, the attachment rate for the catheter brand is incredibly high to the brand of pump that the customer uses. In relation to price, we are normally dual sourced on many of these IDNs, where you'll have hospitals within an IDN. Some will use competitor pumps. Some will use our pump. So we already have pricing agreements in place, so I'm not anticipating significant price increases as we convert the market. And really we're trying to look at this long-term in relation to converting the market and maintaining a much stronger share position over a 12-month period and maintaining that position and maintaining the catheters over a multiyear period.
Liam Kelly: So Craig, your math is right. That's a fact, but I think, Palette doing better, we're very encouraged by. I think that you're also correct insofar as that the growth rate this year will be greater than we had originally anticipated. We thought it would be in the 20s. High teens, low 20s is what we were expecting. And as you -- if you look at the pro forma, last year, we did in excess of $56 million. If you take the midpoint, we're going to do $71 million, so there you are around 25% growth, so very, very encouraging from that aspect. And I think what's important to understand is that we are continuing to convert the white space, bring this product to our existing customer base and also educating radiation oncologists on the need for spacing. And spacing, in its entirety, is growing, so that's the positive. With regard to interventional urology overseas, I will tell you that the results that we're seeing in Japan for UroLift are incredibly encouraging. We continue to penetrate that market. And also in Japan, and I talk specifically on Japan because it is the biggest next market internationally, what I would call out is that we would anticipate getting Barrigel approved within that market in the first half probably of 2025. And that would represent a nice opportunity for us to continue to expand Barrigel. Also, we are beginning the enrollment of patients for the study for an expanded indication. And we believe that, that will expand the market for Barrigel by approximately $100 million. The next biggest market overseas with the potential is probably China. And we continue to seed the Chinese market as we continue to trial the product in some of the larger provinces there, to get it on the tender system, Craig. Thanks for the question.
Liam Kelly: So I mean, if you've seen one M&A, you've seen one M&A, Craig and that's just a fact of life. So at any one time, we're chasing a handful of assets, and they're all different. We view every asset on its merits. And I don't think we would be looking at the share repurchase as an offset. We look at each asset on its own merits. We look at specific metrics about returns. And also we're very acutely focused on accretion, dilution on earnings per share as we're doing M&A; and that is a factor in the acquisitions. We all know that Palette was dilutive, but now look at Palette, a call-up of 4 million at margins that are in excess of UroLift margins and well in excess of the company average. So you can actually see that Palette now, when it does become accretive in 2025, will be a contributor to EPS. And we apologize to shareholders to have to wait a year for that accretion, but the underlying EPS growth, as Tom outlined in his prepared remarks, has been -- is now in that 9% to 11%, so with good line of sight to solid EPS in the marketplace. So -- and again thanks for the questions, Craig.
Liam Kelly: Yes, thanks very much, Dave. I will tell you that EMEA had a really solid quarter, grown 9.8%. Where does it come from? We were really strong in Germany, France and Spain. We were actually very strong in Italy as well. And then we booked the $2 million within the quarter, which took it down to a lower level. From a product-specific area, we had really strong performance in our emergency medicine, interventional urology and interventional access. What's very encouraging for me within Europe is that the -- in the interventional access, MANTA continues to penetrate that market. And we were in there a couple of years before we even came to the United States, so that's quite encouraging within that market. Is it sustainable is the other part of your question. EMEA hasn't grown at these levels forever. And I think we would expect the remainder of this year to be strong, maybe not quite at these levels, but we would expect EMEA to be in the -- over the longer term, in the mid-single-digit growth; and with the way this team is executing, maybe moving up into the higher mid-singles. But we'll map that as we go through our guidance for next year. But really encouraged by what we're seeing. And those are the geographies, Dave, that we're seeing at it.
Thomas Powell: Well, just as we think about the $0.20 to $0.25 raise, really that's an organic increase. It's coming from the performance of the underlying business. As we look at some of the pluses and minuses, we're going to get some incremental IABP revenues, which we assume that's going to offset the impact from the Italy payback. And then the increase in the interest expense associated with the buyback is being offset by the reduction in share count. So the buyback itself in 2024 is expected to be EPS neutral as a result of additional interest expense being incurred and that being offset by the reduction in average weighted shares outstanding. So again, the $0.20 to $0.25 is really due to the strength of the underlying organic business.
Thomas Powell: Well, I would say that, to Liam's point, the margin profile of the incremental revenue from the IABPs is slightly dilutive to our overall average. And what we're expecting in the back half of the year is that, we're going to see on the gross margin line a pretty fairly stable gross margin Q3 and Q4. And on the operating margin line, we'll see some further leverage in the fourth quarter just given stronger revenues. So again, as we think about the longer term on the IABP opportunity, in 2025, as we sell more of the catheters, we'll start to see an improving margin profile from that business. I'd say, for the LRP, we continue to believe that the targets are appropriate for the company. I would say that, the gross margin, there is a pathway to get there. We're going to need to see some strong mix, good performance out of our manufacturing sites and inflation continuing to improve for us to be able to get there, but it -- they are targets that we're still working towards. And we'll update you as appropriate on that as we get into 2025 guidance.
Thomas Powell: So we expect it to take two to potentially three months to complete the ASR. And we expect to kick that off pretty quickly here. So as far as the growth for next year, we're going to wait until 2025 guidance to talk about that in its entirety, but just the point that more benefit in 2025, that's really due to just how weighted average shares are calculated just given it wasn't in our beginning number. As we get into 2025, I'll see more of a share impact than we are seeing in 2024, but again as Liam pointed out, the benefit to earnings will be in 2025. And we'll discuss that comprehensively at our fourth quarter earnings call as we provide guidance for the year.
Thomas Powell: Yes, sure. So Rich, in total in the second quarter, we are taking additional reserves that total $15.8 million. $13.8 million of that is related to the true-up of reserves that are from prior year periods. The remaining $2 million is related to additional reserves related to 2024, so the add-back adds back the prior-period impact to the reserve, the $13.8 million. It's being done largely because we don't see this as part of the ongoing operating performance of 2024. And we wanted to be able to provide visibility to how the business is performing this year. And that's kind of the logic behind it and then it can excel and hopefully, that answers your question. If not, I'm happy to provide more color.
