Liam Kelly: Thanks, Tom. Before closing, I'd like to make you aware of a matter that will be disclosed in our 10-Q filed today. In June, we began producing documents and information responsive to a civil investigation demand received by one of our subsidiaries, NeoTract from the U.S. Department of Justice through the United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Georgia seeking documents and information pertaining to communications with and certain rebate programs offered to a single NeoTract customer in relation to the DOJ's investigation of that customer. Subsequently, in July, the DOJ advised us that it had opened an investigation under the Civil False Claims Act with respect to NeoTract's operations broadly in addition to the customer investigation. We maintain policies and procedures to promote compliance with the Anti-Kickback Statute, False Claims Act and other applicable laws and regulations. And while the company intends to cooperate with the government's investigation and request for information, we will vigorously defend our programs, practices and conduct, which we believe are lawful and in accordance with industry best practices and standards. We cannot, at this time, reasonably predict the duration, scope or the outcome of this matter. In closing, we delivered solid second quarter results as our diversified portfolio helped to dampen the impact COVID had during April, and procedures have started to improve month-over-month in May, June and into July. However, it remains difficult to predict the shape and duration needed to measure the path to recovery. And while the next several quarters will have elements of uncertainty, we remain confident that our long-term underlying fundamentals remain solid, and we still see great opportunity over the long-term to serve our key constituents. We, as an organization, will continue to focus on serving the vast majority of hospitals that remain open for procedures while also monitoring closely, those select regions that are temporarily shut down. We continue to adapt our business and opportunistically shift toward a greater emphasis on digital tools, both internally as well as with our customers. We will manage the business prudently, while staying focused to capitalize on long-term potential of our global product portfolio. I would like to finish by again thanking all our employees who continue to manufacture, distribute and support products that are required in the fight of COVID-19, focusing on meeting our commitments to patients, clinicians, communities and shareholders. That concludes my prepared remarks. Now I would like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Liam Kelly: Okay, David, thank you very much for the question. To cover the NeoTract trends that we saw, obviously, we saw a big decline in April, down 80%, down 30% in May, and then we saw continued improvement in June when we were down 8%. As we went into July, we continued to see positive momentum with the UroLift product. And I am pleased to report that it did turn green in July as we continued to see practices reopen. We did see practices close in certain geographies, and it's really county by county in certain geographies, in particular, in Texas and Florida. But to counterbalance that, you had practices in New York, New Jersey and in Pennsylvania reopening, so it was a counterbalance. With regards to your question on the DTC, it was almost too early to see an impact of DTC as of yet and have patients scheduled. But we did see significant foot traffic on the test that we ran. We actually had to increase the number of people that we had in the call center taking the calls, and we saw a significant uplift in the traffic that went to urolift.com as a result of the initial DTC. It is early days, David, but very positive signs for the UroLift product.
Liam Kelly: Thanks, David, I would just like to make a comment that we give that level of detail and clarity to the investment community to give them more transparency into the business and how we saw the COVID would impact us. As we went through the quarter, I think that the momentum came in a few areas. We continue to take underlying business within Interventional, Urology and the UroLift obviously continues to perform well. Ex-COVID, we would estimate that the UroLift was grew at around 44%. So a good solid performance from the UroLift ex-COVID. Obviously, the OEM business underlying without the acquisition performed very, very well. And EMEA was slightly underperformed, but there was a distributor order that moved out within the quarter. So if I took that into account, I was actually reasonably pleased with the EMEA performance as well. And of course, our Vascular business continues to grow and take share as to their Interventional business. So it was pretty broad-based, David, but those are the main drivers.
Liam Kelly: Yes, thanks, Larry. And I think that, yes, we have learned a lot about the durability of a broad-based portfolio that is not overly exposed to procedural volume. Clearly, areas for accelerated growth and investment in the future will be around the UroLift product. As I said in my prepared remarks, we've only scratched the surface of penetration. And we with the UroLift two 510(k) now submitted, once we get that approved, we will be able to continue our progress in Japan. We are doing our clinical trial in France, we see an opportunity further down the pike in China. And we've only scratched the surface in North America. We still have only trained 2,700 out of the 12,000 urologists that are in the United States. So significant growth in the American expansion overseas. Beyond that, you will have heard on the call today that we continue to invest in clinical evidence broadly not beyond even the Interventional Urology business unit and the UroLift product, with the CTO trial that we announced that we're proceeding within the Interventional. We think that that's an opportunity to expand the market potential of our product to an additional 70,000 cases, about 7% or 8% of PCI cases are in that CTO area. So we think that's a nice opportunity. And also, we will be continuing to invest behind our penetration into PICCs, in particular, in North America and continue to take share within that portfolio. So those are broadly the areas where we see investment in the future. And DTC, it's very early days, Larry. But if DTC does what we think it can do, I see no reason why that wouldn't continue over a multiyear period.
Liam Kelly: Thanks, Rich, for the question. From what we see, the it's really the provider closing down in particular counties and states based on instructions from the state itself. And what we have seen in our research, and we did a research of our customer base. And what we have learned from that is the customers our patients actually feel quite comfortable going to all three sites of service because the procedure is such a short procedure, one hour minimally invasive. And I think it's important that you don't need a general anesthesia. So there's no aerosol gas being introduced to the patient while they have the procedure; it's some lidocaine or maybe even a block, whichever they decide to use. And what we've seen is that patients have been comfortable going to all three sites of service for the procedure. What surprised me in all transparency is the willingness of a patient to go to the hospital. And they felt as confident going to the hospital as they did feel going to the office and the ASC. That to me was a little surprise. But beyond that, we're very encouraged by the flow-through of patients that have gone through the hospital. I spoke to a CEO of a big system recently, and he is concerned that if patients don't go to the hospital, that there will be a bigger healthcare issue. And he actually coined the phrase. This is not my phrase, now this is this person's phrase. He wasn't calling it the pandemic, he was calling it the pan didn't, didn't have this procedure, didn't have that procedure. And that individual's concern was that, as I said, there's going to be a longer-term impact if people don't go to the hospital. But I am encouraged by the willingness of patient to attend to have UroLift procedures.
Liam Kelly: Shagun, thank you very much for the question. I think as we go through July, we're quite encouraged with the notable modest improvement that we've seen across the board in July for our overall businesses. I would not like to mislead the investment community to say that the for Teleflex as a whole in the first few weeks of July is in a positive growth state because we are not. It is still a negative but a better outcome than we had seen. It's really difficult for me to give guidance beyond even in the third quarter should go we pulled our guidance for the full year just because of the uncertainty around COVID. But I will tell you that I and management feels a lot better here, as we sit here today in the back end of July, as we did when we sat at the back end of April on our first quarter earnings call, and we feel much more confident that it's beginning to look more like a V-shaped type recovery rather than anything else rather than you. I would also say that in consultation with CEOs of hospitals, they have robust plans, should there be a second wave to work to try and prevent what happened in the first wave with the cancellation of procedures because, as I said earlier, of the ongoing impact it will have for people.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So we had a broad outreach to urologists before we began the DTC. What we normally asked of urologists is to have some flex capacity within their practice, so that as we as patients click on our website or call our call center, that we can direct them to urologists with capacity. A key point is that a patient needs to have a call back from a clinician in within the 24, 48 hours. And then another key factor is the need to have the appointment scheduled within that, call it, four to six weeks. It's very early days for us to assess the impact on the uptick, Shagun. I wouldn't doubt your methodology. You've been pretty accurate in the past with what you've done. So I don't want to go there, but it's too early for us to make a real determined assessment of it. We would know more after another quarter of continuous DTC. And the DTC campaign will run from July, assuming that there isn't a second significant resurgence in COVID will run from July through to the end of this year, and that is our intention. And the initial launch also, Shagun, was limited in so far as we focused on two of the four television channels that we were going to focus on that just to test our call center. And I'm really glad we did that because the volume upsurge was such that we needed to add additional resources to that call center. I would also say that the feedback from the patients who have seen the ad and the urologist community has been incredibly positive.
Liam Kelly: So as you can appreciate, Matt, it's very early days, and we're limited to what we can say at this time. I don't believe we will have seen any commercial impact now. As you're probably aware, these things tend to go on over a period of time. So I would expect that situation to stay as it was. As it progresses, we will obviously provide further updates as and when appropriate. I just want to say, Matt, I want to reiterate that we maintain policies and procedures for more compliance with the Anti-Kickback Statute, False Claims Act and all other applicable laws and regulations. And we will cooperate with the government's investigation and any request for information. We will also vigorously defend our programs, our practices and our conduct, which we believe are lawful and in accordance with industry best practices and standards.
Liam Kelly: So obviously, we have a wonderful relationship with the urology community. Sometimes one would be a bit concerned when you run a DTC campaign mass that you could have set your customer. And obviously, we would never wish to do that. So we have communicated broadly with urology community about the campaign. And our goal is to improve patient outcomes. I think our urologist goals are to improve patient outcomes. We cannot improve patient outcomes unless they know about the best procedure for benign prostate hyperplasia. So I think it's a real partnership. I think the urologist community are supportive of what we do. We know they're supportive from the feedback that we've gotten from them. I think it's really good for patients. It's good for the health ecosystem because it will reduce the overall cost to treat a man with BPH if they're on pharma. The crossover point is two to four years, whether it's a generic or a branded product. So therefore, I think this is a good practice for the overall ecosystem and raises awareness and gets great patient outcomes with no sexual dysfunction with the best treatment on the marketplace for BPH.
Liam Kelly: So I think that as we head into 2021, my theory would be that the opposite would be the case from a growth perspective because you'll be in a real you'll have a much easier comparable as you go through Q1 and Q2. And I was originally thinking that you would get a bolus of additional procedures in the back half of this year, we'll wait and see if that actually happens. That may not happen until you get into 2021, just with some of the resurgences. As it impacts on M&A, I think that from an M&A perspective, especially for companies like Teleflex, our strategies toward M&A won't change. We're looking for new innovative technologies. We really like technologies that are obviously single-use that have great patient outcomes, that have great healthcare economics argument, that expand our growth and margin profile as an organization and that at the end of the day, improve patient outcomes. So I don't think it's going to make a big difference for companies like Teleflex and the assets we're looking at. And obviously, at the end of this quarter, our balance sheet, as Tom outlined, was in really good shape. We're at 2.6 times net leverage. And I think the M&A environment, as we see a positive recovery to COVID should spell opportunity for companies like Teleflex.
Liam Kelly: Okay, Anthony. And we're all well, thank you, and I hope all is well with you as well. So with regard to the training, obviously, we had trained just shy of 120 urologists in Q1. As we went into Q2, we trained again just shy of 70 urologists. Now just to give you a little bit of context around that, Anthony, we only trained seven urologists in April because most of them were short. So you can appreciate that as we've gone through May and June, we've ramped back up to near-normal training regimes on urologists, and we're getting access to urology practices to train urologists. So that's been a real positive for us.
Liam Kelly: The straight answer, Anthony, is there isn't. It was much easy in the early days when we were running the pivotal trial. I don't think it's changed that much. Around 70% of our patients either come from the drug dropout or the drug category. And I don't believe and anecdotally, when I talk to urologists and when I hear from the Interventional Urology team, they tell me that hasn't changed much over the time.
Liam Kelly: Absolutely, Anthony. So MANTA, again, was obviously impacted by the COVID. Just to give you some context, MANTA in our key market, in North America, it declined by almost 40% in April. But then in May and June turned positive. So as we started to get access to the hospitals again and continues with that positive trend through July. So I'm quite encouraged by what's happening there. With regard to EZPlaz, we've had a couple of phone calls with the Department of Defense and the FDA. We have not, as of yet, had that face-to-face meeting. That should happen in this quarter. Just because of COVID, we have been able to even set it up digitally. The Department of Defense want to get access to the product, and they were having conversations with us, with the FDA around the approach we might take to an emergency use authorization as a first step before BLA. So more to come on that, Anthony, as we get more information on it. But I think it's positive at least I see it as positive that the Department of Defense are pushing for an emergency use authorization to get the product to the troops.
Liam Kelly: Thank you, Chris. So first of all, on the UroLift, I don't want to go into too much detail on what we expect for the full year. Obviously, we pulled guidance and there's so much variability with COVID, it's hard to see that. But I mean, the great thing is that every journey begins with the first step. And our first step is to get this to a positive growth in July. So it has turned very modestly green in the first few weeks of July, which we're encouraged by. And that gives us encouragement that we should have, for sure, positive growth as we go into Q4 and begin to then bounce into 2021 on a more normalized level of good, solid growth. Because every dollar that we grow on UroLift, as we all know, is a good dollar for Teleflex because of the margin profile on it. The other thing I would say is that we're also having the UL2 submitted for 510(k) at the end of June, that should help us then with our margin profile as we get into 2021 as we roll out the UL2 to the urologists. With regard to the reduction in force, the reduction in force from a sales and marketing perspective in Europe is really focused on growth. What we're doing is we're reapplying resources into our faster-growing assets, like the UroLift, like the Interventional Access portfolio, like our Vascular portfolio. And I think that is a work that we're doing to drive growth within the business and also rightsize that organization for that growth. Our long-term learnings, I think there are a few. I think we've seen an organization that has worked incredibly well and incredibly adaptable, incredibly efficient without being in an office environment. We have engaged with customers at a very high level. We ran a full BPH Summit in the UroLift product virtually. We attended virtually the AUA. We did virtual trainings on MANTA on the Interventional business. And we have on some of our go directs, that we worked through, we have done some virtual due diligence on some of those smaller as we've gone through the COVID crisis. So I think a reduction in our overall T&E on a longer-term basis and on our cost of office space is something that will happen. And also, less wins, we can make our sales organization a lot more efficient by eliminating windscreen time and using technologies to get them in front of a customer virtually. So a lot of learnings and a lot of changes that, I think, will be positive for us in the longer-term to drive keep driving our top line growth as efficiently as possible.
Liam Kelly: Absolutely, Matt. I'll take the latter part of it first, if you don't mind, the UL2 rollout. The reason that we believe that it's not going to cause any disruption is that it is works very similar to the UL1, looks like the UL1 as a cartridge system, but has all the advantages of the UL1 with great patient outcomes and is easier to use. It only takes five cases for us to train a urologist to move them from a UL1 to the UL2. That is about less days work in a urology practice to convert them. So I don't believe it's going to be disruptive for all of those reasons. And there's an advantage to Teleflex to the adoption of the UL2 and there's an advantage to the urologist as urologist will get the great patient outcomes. They've always got no sexual dysfunction, not great IPSS score and so on and so forth. But it will also reduce their carbon footprint and their clinical waste. So if they're in a urology office practice, it will make their practice that little bit more profitable for them. With regard to the actual growth rate, look, we're very encouraged by the growth rate. I think that traditionally, we've been relatively conservative right out of the gate with our projections for the UroLift product. And I think most people thought that 25% was a little bit conservative also. But notwithstanding that, I think we the reason we're normally conservative is because we're moving from the early adopter to the fast follower. And what we've seen is the fast followers are now adopting the technology at a quicker rate than we had originally considered. And as long as we can continue that great work and momentum, I think that will be positive. The and the accelerators to that, that have helped us get it there are the investments we've made. The investments we've made in the sales force in Q4 rather than wait into Q1, and the investments that we continue to make behind DTC and product innovation and the investments we continue to make behind clinical papers in order to bring the technology to a broader base of urologists than we have today. But we still only suppress the fact that it's such a large market. We've done as I said, to date, we've done 200,000 cases out of 100 million men.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So the main benefactor of in the Vascular business unit of the COVID pandemic was our CVC franchise. Matt, we're market leader. I think we have close to 90% market share in North America on central venous catheters because of our coating technology, because of its impact on infections within patients and hospitals. The area that we traditionally have been growing is in our PICC portfolio because of our coating technology. Now there's an interesting dynamic going on in the midst of COVID. The dynamic is we have increased demand for CVCs because there are more patients in intensive care units. The other dynamic is we're not able to convert as many big customers that we had traditionally because we can't get access to the hospital in the midst of COVID. So as you come out and things start to normalize, you'll see two things. You'll see the CVC growth get back to more normalized levels in that, call it, 4-ish percent, but you'll also see PICC growth start to pick up. All in all, Matt, it should be a modest headwind for us rather than a tailwind because our CVC franchise is just so much bigger than our PICC franchise, but a modest headwind as it normalizes. I also believe what you will see in the latter half of the year, though, is you'll see hospitals making sure that they have enough CVC kits in case there's a second wave to help them manage through it. So we might not see the headwind until 2021. And by that stage, the other areas of the businesses that were negatively impacted will more than offset it with the weaker comps, in particular in Q1 and Q2. So that's how I see it playing out over the next 18 months, call it.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Mike, thank you very much for the questions. I'll start with OEM and the lag question. So what we saw with our OEM business as we went through the quarter, we saw positive growth in April and May for the OEM business. And then we saw a negative 13% in June to have a total quarter of a negative of about 0.7%, and that was definitely the lag that hit us in June. Now as we've gone through July, I would say the negative lag of 13% has improved. Again, I don't want to mislead anybody that it's in the green territory in the same way as UroLift is, but the negative lag has been less. So we always expected there will be a delay with OEM because as you point out, that's the nature of the business. So I think that's what's happened with the OEM business. As we look at our distributors, and again, I'll start with the tracings for the distributors. And I always look at the tracings, to understand what's happening with our business overall. And the tracings for our end customers through the first half of the year almost exactly mirrors the results that we're seeing in our published results. So that means that it's aligned. And what we saw in the quarter was a very, very modest increase in inventory, but very modest, Mike. You could almost see it as neutral sales-in versus sales-out in the quarter.
Liam Kelly: So first of all, and again, as you can appreciate, Kristen, it's very early days, and we're fairly limited in what we can say and disclose. But it's pretty unusual, at least in my experience for companies to use this type of a the scenario, the marketing tool against another company. And I think that would not be seen as positive by any of the regulators and authorities. The other thing I would say is that the Attorney General's Office does not have responsibility for reimbursement. That's a separate organization that manages reimbursement. And reimbursement is really based on the time that's spent on the procedure and the overall cost of the procedure and the benefit that the procedure gives to the patient. My comments on commercial impact were really on the basis that this will take a longer period of time for the information flow between us and the Attorney General's Office to truly have a better understanding if there is any commercial impact. But I would be very thoughtful not to link the disclosure to what happens on a reimbursement level for a product like this, they are two completely separate topics. So I think that will be a tough line to walk, Kristen.
Liam Kelly: I just think this is a very specific focus by that office, but I don't want to go into details on one particular customer or another, to be honest, Kristen.
Thomas Powell: Okay. Well, certainly, as we think about the investment for the future in margins, I would just first say, with regard to the margins, we'll reinforce the point that we believe the 60%, 61% gross margin, 30%, 31% operating margin are the right targets. We believe this business has got the capability to get there and to continue to drive margin expansion. The real question for us is, is the timing. And a key component of that margin expansion is related to mix, and a key component of the mix is UroLift. So as that business continues to perform, and we see a better trajectory, we'll get a better view toward the timing related to getting to those margin targets. As we think about investment, we'll balance growth with margin objectives, and we'll continue to look for ways to drive efficiency, so we can fund the investment. But what we don't see is a major investment that's taking us away from those targets. In fact, what we see as we invest behind UroLift is a very good margin story. It's one of our highest gross margin operating margin opportunities out there. So we see that as a potential opportunity to continue to drive margin expansion through investment. I would say with the cost savings, a lot of what we've taken out this year is related to if you think about it, we're holding open positions, in fact, recruiting is difficult during this time frame, we've got T&E, we've got some reductions in management compensation. So as we think about going to the future, a lot of those costs will come back into the system. I would say that as we look at what's durable in the cost savings, certainly, the new organizational restructuring will drive some permanent savings. But a lot of what we've taken out this year as far as cost reductions, our costs that we expect to put back for the most part into the system as we get into 2021.
Thomas Powell: Yes. You've given a bit too much credit for the M&A, Rich. So our organic growth would have been higher than that. And on the orders that were pushed out, it was in Europe, it was in the region of about $3 million to $4 million. You should that's what was pushed out into Q3 by some distributor orders. I mean, I think if you just step back and look at our overall growth, I think in the first quarter, ex the impact of COVID, we grew just over 8%. Second quarter, we grew at 8%. And I would also like to remind the investment community that we have two additional days in quarter four as a catalyst in the back half of the year. And obviously, having convened with the DTC and UroLift, our fastest growing assets we also see that as a catalyst in the back half of the year, and we were very encouraged to see the UroLift product turn green in July.
Thomas Powell: Sure. So just to talk about the big picture approach and there are certainly nuances by each business unit. But essentially, we began with our original budget and forecast projections. And then we adjusted for known deviations. So for instance, we took a look at the trends prior to the outbreak of COVID, how we were performing versus our projections. We also took a look at changes in competitive dynamics, whether there was an issue where we could take share or giving up share. We looked at programs that got canceled, events that were canceled, CMA programs that were postponed and quantified that. Took a look at other items such as backorder status and changes there, distributor ordering patterns, communication from customers talking about pushed orders. And so essentially, it was a trend analysis adjusted for known activities. And the difference between the budget adjusted for those activities was all attributed to COVID. Now we recognized the methodology wasn't precise, but what we wanted to do, as an organization, better understand what we thought the impact of COVID was and we thought as the investment community, we would share that information with you as well.
