Liam Kelly: Thanks, Tom. In closing, I will highlight our 3 key takeaways from the fourth quarter of 2023. First, we delivered on our financial commitments for 2023. For the year, constant currency revenues increased 6.5% and adjusted earnings per share were $13.52. Compared to our initial 2023 guidance, constant currency revenue growth exceeded our guidance, while adjusted earnings per share was at the high end of our range. Our execution remains strong. We are launching new products and our margins remain healthy.  Second, the fourth quarter performance and stable to improving macro environment provides a solid foundation for growth as we head into 2024.  Third, we will continue to focus on our strategy to drive durable growth. We will invest in organic growth opportunities and drive innovation over time, expand our margins and execute on our disciplined capital allocation strategy to enhance long-term value creation. The integration of Palette is progressing well and we expect the acquisition to be a meaningful contributor to our growth in the coming years.  That concludes my prepared remarks. Now I would like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Liam Kelly: UroLift in 2017. We knew the urology call point very well because of our surgical business. There isn't a radical prostatectomy done in the world that doesn't use 1 of our surgical products. We built on that with the Palette acquisition. The main product in there is the Barrigel for rectal spacing. It's performed beyond our expectations in the first quarter of ownership. And that momentum, we'll carry that on. We will integrate Palette before we do anything else in the urology space, but urology is definitely an early area of interest to us, Patrick, in particular, men's health.  There are areas within men's health that are open for disruption. There are some parts of men's health that haven't had innovation or new technologies in a number of years, similar to the fact that there had been no disruption to BPH until UroLift came on to the market. So we think there are areas for disruption within men's health, and it is an area of focus for us, probably not in the next 6 months, Patrick to be fair, as we integrate Palette into Teleflex. But thereafter, our balance sheet, as you know, is in great shape. So we would see that as a definite area of expansion for Teleflex.
Liam Kelly: Yes. I feel really good about the LRP. If you start with the revenue, in our first year, we did 6.5%. Obviously, our guide this year is 3.75% to 4.75% but with a 100 basis point headwind. So the underlying growth that we're expecting this year is 4.75% to 5.75% adjusting for those headwinds. And as we head into the second year of the LRP, I feel confident in our ability to deliver the current guidance and that will be the springboard into next year, the final year of the LRP. For me, it's all about execution. I think we executed really well in 2023. And my goal is to continue to execute as we did in 2023 through 2024 at a minimum each quarter, achieving and hopefully beating our goals as we migrate through the year.  And then on the margins, I think we've -- we're going to take a step up again this year in gross margins. And it will be tougher for us to get to the up margin goal in all transparency and I think the investment community know that. We've had more inflation than we've thought and we brought in a great asset in Palette, but that asset brought some OpEx. But we still think they are the right numbers for us and we feel we have a path to get there.
Liam Kelly: Jason, you can definitely assume there's nothing baked into the guide. I will tell you that for UroLift, we saw a modest improvement in Q4 versus Q3. So we're monitoring that pretty closely. We still expect $66 million to $68 million for Palette. We still expect Interventional Urology will deliver approximately 7.5% revenue growth at the midpoint. The low point of our guide assumes that it will grow just a little bit above 7%. The -- and the midpoint also assumes there's no improvement on UroLift from quarter 3.  And the reason we use quarter 3, it's the most recent quarter without a days impact our seasonality. They have a tough comp in Q1 right out of the gate. But after that, I would expect that they would continue to show some improvement as we go through the year. But I think that the guidance -- our entire guidance, I believe, is appropriately prudent, Jayson. And I think -- as I said earlier, our goal is to execute against that as we go through the year. And as a team, I think we feel really confident in our ability to deliver on all aspects of it.
Liam Kelly: So look, we're really happy with where we landed at the end of 2023 in quarter 4. If you adjust for the days, we delivered a robust 8.1% growth in the fourth quarter. And in the entire year, we delivered 6.5%. I will say, Shagun, that if you look at the low point of our guide this year at 3.75%, and you add back that percent to get you to 4.75%, it's the exact same starting point at the low point as we had last year. I think that the guide is prudent. I think the guide sets us up so that we can execute as we go through the year. And I think that it allows us, as we go through the year as a company to do what we did in 2023, and that has always been our goal. Now there are a couple of moving pieces within the guide, Shagun, from the different business units I would expect APAC OEM and IA and surgical to take a modest step back. Surgical because they'll anniversaried the Titan acquisition. And then I would expect a modest step forward in growth rate for EMEA, Interventional Urology, Vascular and Anesthesia. And I think that I feel as I said, good about the way we've guided and I feel good about our ability to deliver.
Liam Kelly: I think, as I say always, the most important thing you need when you're doing M&A is firepower and we have that. We're 1.9x levered, which gives us lots of ability without raising our leverage too much. We are conscious of dilution. Our investors have given us feedback that in 2024, unfortunately, always doing the right thing by Teleflex, but 2 things hitting in the 1 year has caused a lot of dilution. And as Tom walked you through the bridge, our underlying earnings per share growth is really strong -- is really positive. But you obviously have the MSA, which is causing some dilution there. And also you have Palette causing some dilution in FX. And you add all of those up, and the midpoint of our growth is -- or the range of our growth is 7% to 10% if you excluded those. So we are cognizant of that. We are out there in the marketplace looking at assets. Our M&A team is busy and there are attractive assets in the marketplace that we believe would fit well within the Teleflex family and we will continue to execute that with the thought to investor feedback on dilution.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So I think that the low point of the year would be quarter 1, and then you would see improvement as you go through the remainder of the year from the revenue side and it would be fairly consistent after quarter 1. And the reason that the quarter 1 is a little bit dampened is, as I said, there's a few tough comps in the mix there. But we would envision that once you get through to Q1, you would get back to a more normalized seasonality with quarter 4, the biggest of the year, just due to the normal seasonality and patients getting more procedures done in quarter 4, and this has been a phenomenon for a number of years now since Obamacare came into being. So that would be our expectation on the revenue line.
Liam Kelly: No, I'm talking in general that once you get through the low point of Q1 that Q2, Q3 and Q4 would be above Q1, with Q4 always being the biggest quarter from a revenue perspective just due to that normal seasonality. Mike, the point I was trying to make is that Q1 would be the low point.
Liam Kelly: We had a good year with price in 2023, we exceeded our goal of 50 basis points and came in above that. Our goal for 2024 is to deliver another 50 basis points, and I'd be hopeful that this is the third year of the pricing cycle, so I'd be hopeful that we'd be able to at least deliver that 50 basis points again.
Liam Kelly: I mean the reason that we're calling out the underlying earnings per share is because underlying that's what the business is doing. And therefore, we do believe that our business is well capable of driving that high single digits into the double digits. And I think even though the up margin targets will be a challenge. I just still think that they're doable for the business, but when will we get there? If we don't get there in 2025, then get there shortly thereafter. I might ask Tom just to give a bit of color on the interest, Tom, if you don't mind.
Liam Kelly: Yes, I think your math is good, Matt, as always. Those would be the adjusted top line and bottom line midpoints. Thanks you for clarifying that. That's good of you.
Liam Kelly: So our guide would assume if I want to put it into percent, it would assume that roughly 2% to 3% for Q1 growth, underlying would be 3.5% to 4.2% normalized for the MSA and FX and the other moving pieces. As I said earlier, we would be a wee bit lighter just because of the tough comp, and also, you'd have the Palette ramp as you go through the year. Vascular will be a little bit lighter in the first quarter just due to the recall. And to your point, the new product ramps in particular in vascular is important this year as we go through the year. We've launched a number of new products into the PICC franchise and as they ramp through the year.  Regarding our degree of confidence in hitting the first quarter, we're -- towards the back end of February, Matt and we as a team would feel confident in our ability to deliver in that first quarter number. And as I said, we've done 4 for 4. All of '23, we at least reached, if not exceeded our revenue and EPS for 4 quarters in a row. And as a team, we're united in the fact that we're not going to be happy until we go 5 for 5, 6 for 6 and ultimately 8 for 8 and then reset the goal into the following year, and that's what we're planning to do.
Liam Kelly: I'll tell you, Matt, I'd appreciate if you'd be a little bit patient with that as we execute through '24 before we start guiding to '25. But we would anticipate -- look, I'll go back to the underlying. The underlying EPS growth, if you exclude the headwinds is good and solid. And as Tom went through, you have a few factors that will help then on top of that such as Palette and interest and so on and so forth. So we'll guide to '25 a little bit later in the year, Matt, if you don't mind.
Liam Kelly: So it's more of the latter, Mike. What we discovered out the other side of the pandemic and as supply chain disruption hit was that if it was within our control, we were able to manage it an awful lot better than when we were reliant on third-party vendors. And there are some subcomponents that we feel we have the ability to bring in-house over time. So it's really looking at subcomponent suppliers within our supply chain. It would help our margins, that's a given as we bring it in and that's obviously an attractive element to it as well. But it's the latter to your question.
Liam Kelly: Yes. Thank you. I apologize, we couldn't hear you that well. So the Titan Stapler, we do assume that it will grow in 2024, not at the levels we thought that when we acquired it in all transparency. We now have the impact of the GLP-1s or a good portion of the impact of GLP-1s in our run rate as we went through 2023. And our expectation is that it will return to growth or continue to grow, I should say, in 2024. We are continuing to proctor surgeons. The product is performing exceptionally well. No issues with the Titan product itself. And now with the launch of Buttress, 60% surgeons will use buttress. Technically, our product doesn't need it, but it's how surgeons do the procedure, and therefore, having buttress will give us access to greater parts of the market. And our proctoring in -- as recently as January was well in line with our expectations and we continue to bring on new surgeons.
Liam Kelly: Well, I think that it's going to take -- I pointed as a modest step back. So it grew around 18% or 19% last year. So it will come back into the double-digit area and as we continue to execute. So low double-digits isn't a bad starting point. But just bear in mind that those modest step backs will be offset by step-ups in businesses like Vascular, like Anesthesia and also geographically like EMEA.
Liam Kelly: Yes. Sure, Anthony. So what we are seeing is solid procedure volumes in the acute hospital. We continue to see that. We're back to pre-pandemic levels. I think we're executing well against it. We're also benefiting from a plethora of new product launches. And those product launches will continue into 2024, and help even augment what we're seeing from a procedural point of view within the hospital. So it's a very positive environment in the acute care hospital. And we -- as you know, Anthony, we really like that space.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So there are a series of provinces coming together and running volume-based procurement tenders. I think we're gone through the phase of the national tenders, and now you have amalgamations of provinces. We saw that in 2023, and we participated in some of those in 2023. While that was happening, China continued to be a real solid double-digit grower for Teleflex. So we have strategies around volume-based procurement. And I think that for Teleflex, we only sell the most unique of our products in China. We sell very, very little of our Anesthesia portfolio there. We sell practically nothing of our Drainage Urology portfolio in China.  Our main businesses there are in our coated CVCs, our Interventional business and our Surgical business. And there will be an impact from VBP. But because of our differentiation of our products, the discount levels are a little bit less for Teleflex, and they're being offset by volume. And as you know, had positive pricing as a company. So we're more than capable of managing what's going on within China with certain of our strategies around volume-based procurement. So I'm still positive on China as a geography for Teleflex as a company. And I think that it's one that will provide growth in the longer term for the company.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So high-growth products portfolio performed very well in 2023. There were some really standout contributions, I'm thinking particularly of the intraosseous the hemostatic portfolio. MANTA really continues to penetrate that market. If you look forward into the high-growth for 2024, we would expect the high-growth to grow in the region of 10% to 11.5%, 12-ish percent somewhere around there. We would expect the durable core to do a little bit better again this year than it did last year in the 5% to 6% range. But obviously, the offset is in the other category because of the MSA, and that's going to decline in or around that 30-ish percent. Regarding the investment behind it, it's easier to invest behind the high-growth, Craig, in all transparency just because it is much better margin. So you get the drop-through op margin from the growth even with the additional investment. And our focus of our investment has always been and this has been for the last number of years, behind those high-growth buckets because of the margin profile and the benefit that it brings to mix within our income statement.
Liam Kelly: I'll start with Japan, and then I'll talk about the sites of service. So Japan is doing exceptionally well. It's really in line with our expectations. What we told investors Japan would do. Japan is doing. The team there is executing very well. Also geographically, we're very early in Taiwan and India, and we're ramping in those geographies. They're smaller, for sure, and we're very early days in China. We continue to work on China, getting the product listed in the public system and the inflection point for China will be 2025 once we start to get listed in more of the products. With regard to the sites of service, we again grew in the hospital site of service in Q4, but it's again, the office, unfortunately, is still challenging for us just because of the reimbursement change that was made there.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Kristen. So it's 1 of the areas that will take a modest step back. And as I said earlier, it will be offset by the other businesses that will take a step forward. I mean that's why we're a portfolio company at the end of the day because you have these ebbs and flows. And they'll have a tough comp. MANTA will have a tough comp next year. It will continue to grow, but it will have that aspect. We continue to see really nice growth in the pump business. The competitor that was off the market was back in Q3, they're back in Q4. But notwithstanding that we continue to execute well there. And the lifeblood of this business unit is new products. We have a really good cadence of new products. We launched the GuideLiner Coast last year. We've got the Ringer coming as we go through the year. And over the next number of years, we have a really nice suite of products going into the hands of this sales force. So I'm really happy with how the Interventional business is going well. Obviously, the intraosseous on control is within there. That continues to perform very well, had a really solid quarter 4 as well to help drive the growth.
Liam Kelly: Yes, that's what I was saying, Kristen. I mean, I think we could get there and we have a potential path to get there. Will we get there by the end of '25? It's tougher to get there by the end of '25. We really get there. It just might take a wee bit longer. And again, definitely solid path to the revenue and the solid path to the gross margin line and underlying EPS as we've gone through with a couple of your colleagues underlying EPS is solid.
Liam Kelly: We are expanding the indication. It is within our model. We will have to do clinical trials in order to get there. We have begun mapping out and enrolling the investigators that would help us with that. And obviously, as we build the relationship with radiation oncologists, they would be a key part of that as well as urologists in order to get this expanded indication. I don't want to go into details on the call, Mike about Palette indication because we -- as you're very aware in the city you live in, we have competitors.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So the landscape is similar to where it is everywhere else in so far is that Tarp is the main procedure that is used on men within China. The nuance in China is that they don't tend to be as pharma focused in so far as that they will try other herbal remedies within that. But you're right, it's such a huge population. The way it works within China is your first step is to get it listed on all of the regional tenders. So we're going through that process now in Shanghai and Beijing, in those 2 big provinces. That would be an obvious place to start. And then thereafter, you apply for reimbursement. The reimbursement never covers in any procedure of the total cost of the procedure, Mike, there's always some out-of-pocket and the general population in China is used to have to pay out-of-pocket when they go to a hospital.
Thomas Powell: Well, to your point, we get a nice benefit in 2024 from both the acquisition of Palette and from the exit from the MSA. So those are both accretive to gross margin. What I would say is that we've got a number of headwinds, as Liam had mentioned, inflation is still higher than it had been pre-pandemic. And if you look at the total of our favorable pricing, savings from manufacturing, cost improvements, savings from footprint programs, they're able to offset those inflationary pressures as well as some capitalized balances that are on the balance sheet and will rollout in the P&L in 2024. So those are kind of a wash. In addition to the inflation headwinds, we're also experiencing a modest adverse impact from foreign exchange.
Thomas Powell: Sure. Well, just also talking about EPS and what will play well into 2025 is the fact that we've got some dilution in 2024 from the MSA going away, and that will be in the run rate by 2025. And then same thing with Palette, our expectation is that Palette turns to profitability by 2025. So those will be benefits. We're also seeing inflation coming down kind of in the marketplace, but just the way it flows through our inventory, it takes some time to clear the P&L. So if trends continue on the inflation front, we should see improving benefits by 2025 in that area.  Then with regard to interest, right now, our expectation is that we will be using free cash flow in 2024 to continue to pay down some of our prepayable debt, so that will reduce our debt outstanding each quarter of the year. And then we also, in our guidance, we're assuming 325 basis point rate cut. So you should see an improving interest environment -- interest expense environment as we go through the year and into 2025.
Thomas Powell: It's a non-cash item. So we essentially are exiting 1 of our pension plans where we fully funded and offered pensioners a buyout option and then we'll -- whoever it didn't take the buyout option, we'll go and put an annuity in place for them. So essentially, we're just exiting a pension plan, but it's non-cash.
