Jake Elguicze: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. And welcome to the Teleflex Incorporated First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. The press release and slides to accompany this call are available on our website at www.teleflex.com. As a reminder, this call will be available on our website, and a replay will be available by dialing (888) 286-8010, or for international calls, (617) 801-6888, passcode 82225144. Participating on today's call are Benson Smith, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Thomas Powell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Benson and Tom will make pre-prepared remarks and then we'll open up the call to questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the matters discussed in the conference call will contain forward-looking statements regarding future events as outlined on Slide 4. We wish to caution you that such statements are in fact forward-looking in nature and are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially. The factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially include, but are not limited to, factors made in our press release today, as well as our filing with the SEC, including our Form 10-K, which can be accessed on our website. With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Benson.
Jake Elguicze: Anthony, I think the other important thing is really, going back to Benson and Tom remarks that LMA and overall OpEx cost control is not associated even with R&D but just in the SG&A line, is really also helping to mitigate the impact of the additional weighted average shares from the convert.
Jake Elguicze: Thank you, operator. And thanks to everyone that joined us for the call today. This concludes the Teleflex Incorporated First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Have a nice day.
Benson F. Smith: So we began to see some more competitive pricing show up on European tenders and we gave our European managers the flexibility to be able to respond to that. So I think our overarching goal with pricing, not just this year but really for the next several years, is to push our pricing to the extent that we can without putting volume at risk. And -- so we wanted to be responsive to some of those tenders that were coming in, in Europe. The second area, which also had an impact on it was we were in the midst of a changeover of our general manager in Japan. We had a significant price increase scheduled on the calendar for Japan, didn't want to go through that without a manager -- without the new manager in place there. So we expect to move forward on that. And our current expectations that we'll see -- we'll see some improvement in our overall pricing through the balance of the year.
Benson F. Smith: Yes, so I -- we started off this year in the expectation of about 100 basis points. We think that's going to be a little bit more difficult to get to because of the situation in Europe right now. So I think we expect somewhere in the 70-basis-point range right now from what we can tell. But again, our key goal here is to be -- is to continue to be competitive in the marketplace as well.
Benson F. Smith: So getting into the revenue projections, as I mentioned in my remarks, just accounting for the extra 2 days would have brought both our constant currency and as reported revenue up above that 10.5% number. There was just a series of onetime events that contributed probably to another 50 basis points. So I think that the run rate for our revenue, taking those things out of -- putting it into context, would be in about that 11% number, which from our perspective, put us where we felt we needed to be first quarter. I would remind you that we were of the opinion that the first half of this year was going to be a little bit less favorable comparisons than the second half.
Benson F. Smith: Yes. So we -- I think the numbers that we used and have been -- consistent around have been $0.35 to $0.40 accretion this year. I would say that we feel quite comfortable that those numbers are going to be attained. There are some puts and takes in some other parts of the P&L that would lead us to probably kind of keep that expectation corralled in around that range still. Most of the things that have been happening up to this point that are ahead of schedule actually affect moving forward some of the accretion in 2015 into 2014. So we would expect to see most of the accretion that we had been planning in 2015 to roll into 2014. So instead of $0.15 in 2014, we think it's going to be closer $0.30 in 2014 and that's where the biggest sort of ahead of schedule kind of comments really apply as opposed to this year.
Benson F. Smith: So addressing the organic growth numbers, again without trying to get too much into the weeds, there were a number of kind of unique situations first quarter. For instance, in OEM sales we actually had a decline of 1% in revenue versus the typical 3% to 5% revenue growth. A lot of that had to do with a paybacks back quarter last year, which elevated their sales growth for the first half of the year as they were responding to that back order, which shows up as an unfavorable comparison this year to last year. And without trying to go through all of those, there's sort of 5 or 6 things that fall into that kind of bucket that have a more negative effect and aren't likely to persist. There has been a fair amount of conversation about decreased utilization. And again, I think, this affects us less than other competitors, but where that happened in the first quarter was a relatively precipitous decline in physician calls. And our experience here is that, that does tend to have an immediate impact and then usually, what happens is there is an increase in acuity 3 to 6 months down the road. It's an area we're watching pretty closely, but we would expect to see that mitigate quite a bit by the end of the year. There's only a certain amount you can postpone the kind of conditions where most of our products are used in. We also will continue new product launches throughout the balance of the year. And again, expect some modest improvements in pricing. But I would say on that point, we are moving very aggressively into longer-term gross margin improvements that are not revenue dependent and are not pricing dependent. I think we're taking a pretty conservative view of the market. And overall, aren't anticipating an uptick in the macro conditions to get the improvement we're trying to get.
Benson F. Smith: With regard to guidance, we really are staying in the same reach in terms of volume growth. Pricing, as mentioned, is a little bit softer than what was initially expected, although not markedly. Offsetting that, we've got a little bit better performance in execution on LMA through the first quarter. We also are doing a nice job in managing our operating expenses. And so, those are the real drivers of kind of the pluses and minuses, if you will, to help offset some of the downside from issues such as the dilution for the convert and obviously the lesser pricing.
Benson F. Smith: Yes. So that's -- I would say the answer to that, Matt, we don't necessarily see this as a linear progression. There are different kinds of opportunities that present themselves to us and a lot of these have to do with our pushing margins in some of the areas where we still use distributors. So because it's a 55% this quarter doesn't necessarily mean we're projecting it to stay at that level as we look over the next couple of years. But I would say, it would take a fairly significant change in our pricing assumptions to start to have much of an impact of what we expect to be our overall gross margin improvements over the next 3 years. And those gross margin improvements will start to provide, I think, more clarity as the year rolls out. But we now start to get into the phase where they are less revenue-dependent, they're less pricing-dependent, and really just a matter of execution in terms of our consolidation of our manufacturing footprint.
Benson F. Smith: So, I think the -- probably the geography that we continue to monitor most closely is Europe. I think it's fair to say that the economic situation in Europe does not appear to be getting any better during the course of the year, so we have, I think, somewhat scaled down our pricing expectations in Europe. Other aspects of our business in Europe are actually doing quite well. So that's probably the area where we're just are monitoring it quite closely. We believe that we -- if there was some good news in this, it's that the apparent downfall in the utilization rates have, even though we think we have got some immunity from that, have cost us to take a very, very close look at our spending and planned spending for the balance of the year. So we think we have some pretty good visibility in terms of how we would adjust our operations based on if the market turns out to be more conservative than we think we're going to be. So I guess the short answer is probably Europe is the biggest area where we have some concern about continuing volatility there. We think we've got a pretty good understanding, we've got good European managers on the ground. But it remains an area for us that we have, I think, are watching more closely than other places.
Benson F. Smith: So I think that's just an ongoing prioritization basis which projects make the most sense for us to continue. We don't expect significant revenue contributions out of Semprus or out of Hotspur until mid-2014. We are continuing to spend on both those projects as per plan. The -- some of the shortfall in spending really came out of some internal R&D projects that, for a variety of reasons, became lower priorities for us.
Benson F. Smith: So we don't attribute any of our slowdown to competitive share losses. There's a couple of different things going on here. There's relatively slow capital markets in the U.S. and in Europe, accompanied by relatively risk capital markets in China for the pumps themselves. It appears that the Shock II trial has had an impact on balloon utilization in Germany. So far, it's largely contained to Germany. The results of that trial were more negative than most people's expectation about the effect of the use of balloons. There's a lot of questions about whether the control group was a good representation. But so far, Germany has been the only noticeable place that seems to have been -- seems to have changed their practice or utilization of balloons as a result of that study. So there's a couple things going on there, but I'm, at least, not aware that we've lost any pump accounts or lost any balloon accounts to competitive activity that would've been the reason for the comparative slow down.
Benson F. Smith: So there's -- I would say that generally speaking, this year our capital allocation thinking is quite similar to what it was last year. You could expect to see some continued efforts in acquisitions this year in the late-stage technology area, primarily. We are continuing to look at the best way to manage and deal with dilution issue. The big complication there I think from our perspective is that if the end result is much different than the -- how we're reporting it on the quarter and we're trying to understand how we could do a better job explaining that.
Benson F. Smith: So that's -- so the most direct way that I can answer that is we've tried to filter through what first quarter would've looked like without some of these extraneous events and without the 2 days -- loss of shipping days, and have factored that into our reforecasting of the -- of what the balance of the year looks like. And I think across most of our product lines, we're relatively comfortable that the forecast that have been resubmitted are quite in line with what we see as sort of an average daily order rate moving forward. There are a couple of areas that are dependent on improvements in the vascular business, in particular. We expect to see continued growth in the PICC line and in the VPS number. We expect the JACC product to start to take off as a product line for us. So there, I would say, if you ask me to quantify the biggest risk, it really had to do with the acceptance of some of the new products that we're introducing during the course of the year versus concern about the underlying kind of market utilization rates. And again, I don't want to say we're completely immune from it, but we do not see that, that had been a big factor in our first quarter results.
Benson F. Smith: Yes. Right now, that represents the cost of operating duplicate centers until we're out of that. And our expectation is we're out of that early in the third quarter. So most of those costs should disappear.
Benson F. Smith: So there's a mix of answers to that question. Some of the accounts that have recently converted have -- we're encouraged to convert early with the expectation that they would get some assistance in moving to the new -- into the new pump. Our general expectation is we'll not do that across the board, it depends really on the discussion with individual account from a -- purely from a functional standpoint that there's -- that the existing units in the field work well. To a certain extent, we'd like to get some of those back out of hospitals because they actually work well in a trial situation as they're just testing out the general technology. So there's a little bit of a mixed answer to that based on the circumstances that have been discussed with accounts as they've been converting.
Benson F. Smith: We looked at that, and the answer, we came back, it was no. I mean, the biggest single factor for us was just the 2 less shipping days. I think you can make an argument that the fact that the last day of the month fell on a holiday had some negative influence. But when we looked at order patterns the first couple of days of April, we didn't see that as a big factor.
Thomas E. Powell: Yes, you are correct. In the first quarter, free cash flow was a little bit lower than we've seen in the past and that's in part due to working capital, most notably inventories. We had mentioned that we are in the process of rolling out an SAP project to some sites and we're building up some inventories, just a safety stock in connection with that. So on a full year basis, we don't anticipate that inventories will be up markedly, other than the addition of bringing, obviously, the LMA business into ours. So we'd expect free cash flow on a full year basis to be relatively comparable to what we had the last year and up slightly given a little larger revenue base.
Thomas E. Powell: And just to connect kind of the $0.31 to $0.37, David, you had referenced versus the $0.35 to $0.40 that Benson did, we had assumed there were $0.03 to $0.04 that we're going to get in 2012 associated with the acquisition. And so the $0.31 to $0.37 that you referenced would be the incremental this year, and the $0.35 to $0.40 would be that in total.
Thomas E. Powell: So just a little bit on margins. So for the first quarter, gross margin came in -- or adjusted gross margin came in at 48.8%. A couple things that you want to understand in those numbers. First of all, we talked about some of the investment we're making to consolidate facilities. So in the first quarter, we had some expenses associated with the consolidation of our North American Distribution Centers. We're essentially consolidating 3 distribution centers into 1, as well as consolidating the LMA distribution center into that 1. And we're largely completed or pretty much completed through 3 of the 4 initiatives. We expect to wrap that up in kind of the early Q3 timeframe. So there's an expense this quarter, we expect that to turn accretive in the back half of the year. In addition, we also had some expenses associated with the consolidation of a distribution center in Europe and the exit of a warehouse in Asia. So some cost that we incurred in the first quarter that we don't expect to reoccur back half of the year. And also, we expect that North American Distribution Center will turn accretive in the back half. We also had some unfavorable performance in the first quarter from a manufacturing perspective that was -- that actually occurred in the fourth quarter and rolled out in the inventory in the first quarter. We don't expect that to continue in the second. Based on what we saw, manufacturing performance was pretty good in Q1 and don't expect to have some unfavorable variances rolling out in the second quarter related to that which we again saw in Q1. In addition, some additional drivers to the back half that will help us increase margins. We will continue to put cost-improvement programs into place that will help drive cost out. We also have generally a higher level of revenues in the second and third quarter, and even higher level in the fourth quarter, which will help us further leverage our fixed overhead cost. And then we're also projecting some more positive mix in the back half of the year as a result of some stronger growth in some higher margin regions and businesses. So as we look at the margin throughout the year, we expect it to continue to build quarter after quarter throughout the year and still get to our kind of gross margin to target of 50% to 51% on a full year basis.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, let me give you our thoughts on how to approach that. Obviously, the share count will change depending on the stock price. And what we've attempted to do is to provide, in our 10-K filing, a pretty comprehensive disclosure of how the share count will change based on the stock price given, the warrants and the convertible notes. And so as a suggestion, one approach might be to think about, you're thinking about price targets for the year. You could then tie that into the share dilution that we've provided in the 10-K filing. So you could use that as a basis for establishing your share count dilution.
Thomas E. Powell: Yes. So, I mean, in terms of order of magnitude, just quite think that as we move to the second quarter and you continue to have cost about at the same level as we saw in the first quarter, perhaps a little bit less. As we then go kind of into full operations in the third quarter, we expect to be at the kind of a breakeven point, and then accretive in the fourth quarter is how you should think about this cost.
