Liam Kelly: Thanks, David. And we're very pleased with the quarter. What we saw in vascular was really in the first quarter, as I outlined in our calls. We saw something stopping by distributors. And then in the second quarter, we saw that restocking as we had anticipated. So if you look at a nonday's adjusted Vascular Access growth through the first half of the year, Vascular Access grew by 7.2% to the first half the year. Now we expect Vascular as we said to be in the mid-single range, maybe not quite in the 7.2% range in the back half of the runs into a topper comp in the back half of the year. If you recall back to last year, actually Vascular in Q3 grew by about 7% and in Q4 grew by about 6%. So they're bottomed up against slightly tougher comps. But notwithstanding that the growth in Vascular is really, really positive for us. And it's coming from areas that we wanted to come from, PICC as we continue to take share and EZ-IO Vidacare had really strong second quarter. Second question on surgical, surgical had a really good second quarter growing at 9%. They have a, again it's a cost comparison, David. They had a weaker comp comparison to last year. If you recall the last year, they declined by about 3%. So that helps them but notwithstanding that, now that we've anniversary, the exit of that trocar business, we're seeing the Surgical business really perform very well and very much in line with expectations. And on a full year basis again, we expect the Surgical business to be in that mid-single growth rate for us.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Larry, you're absolutely correct in your assessment, we're at 2.6 times leverage. We have the capacity to do scale transaction should we find this. I think Teleflex is in a pretty unique position, Larry, insofar as we have capacity but no urgency. If we find the right asset, we, for sure, will be in a position to pull the trigger and get the deal done. And obviously, we're very financially disciplined and always have been, and we will be in the future. We will only do transactions that will give benefit to our shareholders. The environment is a little frothy out there, you're correct. But in fairness, Larry it's always been frothy with the good-quality assets. It's gotten a little frothy with a poor quality assets have been my observation but they're never the assets that Teleflex have been interested in any way. So have capacity but no urgency, Larry as how I position that. But we never, ever, ever stop looking, and we are active in the marketplace.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Larry. So first of all, there is no change to us and we always thought it will be in the latter half of 2020 that we would get the reimbursement through those and that we would start generating revenue by 2021. So, nothing changed in our thinking with regard to Japan. In the same way we classify the U.S. as $1 billion market. The Japanese market is $2 billion market. So you are correct in your statement that's a significant opportunity. Now I'd remind investment made in our regional team, we have not anticipated any revenue for Japan in 2021 which is the last year of LRP. So, we see this as a potential for upside. Regarding the dynamics of the market, Larry, we don't see a significant different in the dynamics of the market between Japan and U.S. at this stage. We do see a very collateral relationship with the Japanese Urology Association and the U.S. Urology Association. And we have met with many Japanese urologists at the American Urology Association Meeting every year and we continue to build relationships with those urologists. And also, I would also remind you now to forget, the urologist know us very well in Japan from using the kit. So we already have a relationship with them in the same ways we had in the United States. This is an area and a call point that tell us like knows very well and its a call point that we would really be interested in growing further. Back to your original question on M&A, we'll something in the MANTA's space that will be an interest for us.
Liam Kelly: So, first of all, I'd say, we are currently happy with the first six months of our LRP and it is first six months of our LRP. So clearly, the strategy is working. You know, our five to drive are older ones that are delivering through the first half of the year: Interventional Urology, greater than 42%, Interventional Access, almost 13%; APAC greater than10% through the first half, Vascular greater than 7% where PICCs and EZ-IO house and of course OEM greater than 10%. Obviously, we have updated our guidance today to constant currency 7.5% to 8% for this year and the first year of our LRP which is incredibly encouraging, and it doesn’t show a ratio point that the full forward of investment is working and clearly the strategy that we deployed is working for Teleflex. With regards to when you see the returns obviously the increase revenue carries an additional expense with commissions and things like that, which they don’t reoccur in the following year, the revenue is with you forever, so therefore that through jump up point and the base for the commissions and for the following year, so we would anticipate that we would have a good solid position in order to be able to deliver our 60% to 61% and our 30% to 31% as we outlined in our LRP. So couldn’t be happier but the start of the NRP and really things of the revenue growth is a key driver and the strategy is working.
Liam Kelly: Yes, so, just to clarify Rich, what we said was we would train over 450 docs in this year in 2019, as the second quarter we had said that we had trained over so far of the 12,000 that are available. And what we had seen is that urologist in any spectrum can become a champion. So, this is very encouraging because I think end of the first quarter we frame one six of the doc and we were generating global revenues over $60 million. And I think that moving from the early adaptors to the path follow, we have all those been and continued to be cautious under ramp as you are getting that approved because it is more of a clinical scenario through the path followed. Now, I will say that what is incredibly encouraging to me and the management is the real world data that we have to support that fast follower adoption and the real world data has compared the LIFT study. There are some real key points here, IPSS scores in real-world after 24 months is a 9 point reduction compared to the LIFT. Quality of life still in the 40% as compared to the LIFT, catheter rates, 99.5% of patients were catheter free at the completion of the study versus 32% in the list which is a significant improvement. And of course retention rate 87% of main that were catheter free with the UroLift and this I think Rich what point that is a path and allowed us to bring in this daily adopter but none of the technologies and fail real world data is comparable to the clinical study they have probably to bring the product to market.
Liam Kelly: Thank you. That was the point I was trying to make it in my prepared remarks. If you look at our full year increase guidance range, first of all, two-thirds of the growth is coming from ex-UroLift, I can put it that way. And then if you look at our complete growth for the years, we take the midpoint of our growth, which will be around 7.8%, 2.8% of that growth is coming from UroLift and 5% is coming from all other. And I know there has been a question for Teleflex around the core growth or growth outside UroLift, is it sustainable? And we've always said that this is one of the misunderstood things about Teleflex. We always internally were incredibly confident. So that business had the capacity to perform at the level that we are now seeing, and we believe that it is sustainable. And I would add, that's what gives me that belief is that we continue to see our end customer tracing notch up, and it did the same again in the second order. So the end customer demand is there. We had a slight destocking in Q1, restocking in Q2. But if you look at the half year base result also in that 5% range with UroLift adding to a little bit over 3%. So I think that it's very encouraging for Teleflex, because it's so broad based and our entire portfolio is performing well.
Liam Kelly: So, regarding the MANTA pricing that would not come through in pricing as of yet, because there's a new product. That's total sale of that will be seen for us as a new product, but regarding your comments on general pricing. Teleflex has always been a pretty unique med tech company and so far as said we have an internal discipline around pricing and that was no different in this quarter. So in this quarter positive pricing in around the 40 or 50 basis points range, which gets us to a year-to-date pricing positive about 30 basis points, so we continue to see this as a strength in the Teleflex portfolio and also in the discipline within our commercial organizations to continue to be able to pay pricing in certain geographies and within certain product categories on an ongoing basis.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So, we were aware of a competitor recall their stock of the balloon pump. We were that they had a recall on their product. Now, in many instances, for capital equipment, we wouldn't expect to see a massive benefit in that. I will say, though, that are intra-aortic balloon pump business continues to have a very solid second quarter off a very solid first quarter. And we were very pleased with the growth in that and we have a new pump on the market. And regardless of what's happening with a competitor regarding a recall or anything, which wouldn't have really flown through the second quarter, we continue to take share with that new pump on a global basis. And the good thing about the balloon business was it was pretty broad-based. There was solid growth in the Americas. There was solid growth within EMEA and also within Asia. So we feel good on the balloon pumps and a very solid performance. Regarding your question on the UroLift, I've always said it, Anthony, clinical data, patient outcomes will win seven days a week and twice on Sundays. So -- and that will continue. And we just have better clinical data. The reimbursement issue with regard to the competitor, that hasn't flushed through yet either. That's just a guidance, or a, and a, their expectation for the reimbursement. That won't come to be, to fruition until the third or fourth quarter on there. So that couldn't have an impact. In all honesty, what's driving our product is it's better for the patients, it is reimbursed well, but it's better for the patient to get better patient outcomes. We have a world of clinical data. We have excellent coverage. We have every life in the U.S. practically covered now, as per my prepared remarks. And I think we're well on the way so have it be the retreatment for BPH. And I think that it, we are working and we are focused on making UroLift the treatment for BPH. And as we move in from the early adopters to fast followers and we couldn't be happier with the performance of the product.
Liam Kelly: Thanks Kevin, thank you very much. So as I prepared, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did begin the U.S. limited market in recent quarter two, and of course we're getting very positive feedback. So, that was feedback that didn't align with the clinical study we just published, which is showing a real short time that you would state which is important for the doc for a getting down to 23 seconds as compared to 6 to 10 minutes and also seeing the reduction in major complications. On the cash market side that we worked on, we have had a very, very high re-order rate from those -- side, which is proving to us that the product is sticky. We aren't getting us the back without too much complication to be honest simply because the product is such clinical evidence behind this and the intervention is the need for the product. The reason that we going to see significant uptick in revenue in that business unit from this product is because we have a divestiture going on and it's a fair time within that business unit where we divested the business. And regarding your question about time through 2020, if you don't mind we'll hold that and until we do give 2020 guidance and we'll exclude some specific in that guidance what we give.
Liam Kelly: What we seen in the market place, is more a company that would perhaps be we would believe in bringing on some of our IP and obviously we will protect and as our investors will expect us to do we will protect our valid right to self product that we invented another real copycat in preferred market. So, we have also spent some significant dollars on the other side of the ledger, reinforcing our IP. We have a number of new products in the pipe that are in our mine pretty exciting and we're trying to get broader coverage from IT profession within the landscape so that in the future this product we run them to our pipeline will be significant generators of brand new growth within the future. So that’s the true aspect of that.
Liam Kelly: I don’t want to go into specifics. And please Kristen don’t go to our whole product portfolio, but that is one that we are defending. It is one that we fire though and protect for future.
Liam Kelly: Yes, we're aware. That is we've seen in similar markets and in due to course we'll aggressive with the response, Matt.
Liam Kelly: Let me deal with the manufacturer infrastructure and the math for. The manufacturing infrastructure is already built. We have an up lay in our productivity to address the demand from the total military demand and a portion, a significant portion of the build in demand. I will see in the easy plan and I mentioned this in my prepaid remarks. The collaboration with FDA has been very constructive. The issue here is that for the FDA, and the military are incredibly excited about it because they see this product can have a positive impact on humanity and we're all marching in the same direction but we are in on charter water here. A product like this is never been approved before. We have some additional testing to do math and we will get further update, it would be I think not we're going to give an expected timeline, we're going to run some test between over the next couple of quarters and once we have that test results back I think then I will give you a much clearer view as to when we expect to do this BLA submission. I would say that the FDA are working hand and glove with us and with the military to get this through. We've already agree to protocol for pediatrics, pediatrics were never requirement for fresh-frozen plasma, so we've got that milestone done and many other milestones as we work with them. And we will get further updates on the subsequent calls, Matt, as we go through this testing analysis that we need to do.
Liam Kelly: One of the main reasons is because we don't want to disrupt the growth. And we want to be thoughtful about the role of the UroLift 2 within the United States. So we want to make sure that we do it in a thoughtful way so that our sales talent can continue to service existing accounts, bring on new accounts, and then transition new and existing accounts to UroLift 2. I think, it would be almost foolhardy to go to aggressively after disruptive growth. Don't forget, we are, last year we did $200 million and $6 billion market in the United States. And the last thing we want to do is to disrupt that growth. It is one of our five to drive and it's our most important one of the five to drive. So we're going to keep a very close eye on them.
Liam Kelly: Thanks Mike. We're still on limited market release, and we will be on, as we said previously, on limited market release through the end of the year. I'm going to get further updates on Percuvance, as we get into guidance for 2020, when we should then come either from an extended limited market release or a full market release. But everything is going according to plan, Mike is what I can say with Percuvance.
Liam Kelly: So, I would say, if I went through the various business segments. If I went to Vascular Access, let me started at the top of the house Vascular Access. Through the first half of the year, as I said, we grew over 7%, for sure that market is growing into 2% range. So clearly, we're taking share, the areas we're taking shares is for sure within the PICC part of our portfolio where we have an antithrombogenic and antimicrobial PICC. And also we continue to develop the market with the EZ-IO, which also takes care. Interventional Access to that half year. As I said earlier almost 13% and that's clearly a share again, also, that market will be growing in that 4% or 5%. Surgical is again above market, so you have to be taking share Interventional Urology were creating new category. So we're moving patients that will be taking pharma into another area. OEM is again an area is growing above market where we're taking share. Anesthesia is probably the one where it's not taking share. It's growing, maybe modestly below the market in the first half of the year. But again, they've been through some destocking and that's the one area where we didn't seem to restock is a little bit of modest restocking sitting in Anastasia that may come back.
Liam Kelly: Thank you for details on how we're expanding it. So last year, we did 6, this year we will do 12. If it's continue to drive accelerated growth. Brian, we might even add a few more the back end of the year. So through the first quarter, we initiated 7 of the 12. So it's clearly working. We get great response. And we're very encouraged by it. We do see, if we compare the DTC market to the controlling market of a similar size. We do see a significant uptake in customers going and patients who now know what the condition they have is called. So many patients that are just getting up 8 to 9 times a night driving their wife and their spouse crazy and now they see the advertising campaigns, they listen to it, we hit them on Facebook, and they now can put a name so what has been called in their condition and they go to their urologists and they have a conversation. And then urologist will defined what the best path for that patient. So, working very well and we're very excited by it, Brian, I think it's the headline.
