Benson F. Smith: So, I will start of with the surgical procedure question. Obviously, other companies who might have a product lines that are much more affected by this have reported that there is some initial reports from hospital groups reporting that. So while we didn’t see it directly in our own product line, we suspect that it’s happening but it’s not having the same effect on us it might have on some others due to the specific nature of our product line. So we suspect it’s happening but it’s not, we don’t expect it to have as much of an effect on us as it might have on others.Lawrence Keusch – Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay.
Benson F. Smith: So the result you’re seeing right now, are still largely driven by a relatively static CVC market. We would expect that by the fourth quarter of this year, and certainly into the first quarter of next year, we’ll start to see the impact of the antimicrobial tech and the VasoNova technology also spiking up or pick sales somewhat. During the course of the year, we have had some good extensions, some GPO extensions. Putting those products on the contracts although in many cases, we’ve received the awards, the actual execution dates for those haven’t arrived yet, so we’re not in a position to convert those hospitals at this point in time. So, I think that last quarter of this year, first quarter of the next year is about our anticipated timeframe in terms of seeing some of those results come in.Richard Newitter – Leerink Swann LLC: Thanks a lot guys.
Benson F. Smith: So, at this point, I would say it’s hard to answer that. Certainly, there’s a good mix of Bard accounts in those early trial locations. However, 36 accounts, the actual potential that has to move much in a way of share points is going to be almost negligible. At this point, I think we’re seeing interest in the product tend to be sort of across the board and not necessarily driven by whose pick they happened to be using.Kathleen McGrath – Susquehanna International Group: All right, that’s all I’ve got. Thank you so much.
Benson F. Smith: So for the most part, I think we’re finding a high degree of receptivity in groups to be, I think more open minded even in the past in terms of allowing the early introduction of new technology for their members. And generally speaking, the VasoNova product in and of itself I think it’s been the thing that makes the difference. I personally I’ve been involved in some presentations, the GPOs and they quickly see the benefits that this technology has over what’s out there, it’s been, they’ve been relatively straightforward and enthusiastic about having this technology available to their members, and so I don’t want to describe it as easy, but that the climate has been quite right I think, for the introduction of competitive technology particularly in this space driven a lot just by the obvious benefits that this has compared to what’s out there already. So we have been quite optimistic I think about their enthusiasm about the product.Anthony Petrone – Jefferies & Co.:  And then just on contract links and values, was there much different there, much difference or…
Benson F. Smith: Most cases these tend to be either add-ons through existing contract, so no.Anthony Petrone – Jefferies & Co.: All right. Great, and then last on the strategy, just you have cargo and discontinued, can give an update on where the divestiture process is there and just how you’re looking at acquisitions going forward? Thanks a lot.
Benson F. Smith: Well, we certainly found the divestiture that can process, that continues to move very nicely. You know, we are sort of mid point of our process; we’ve received bids for the two assets and are evaluating them. We continue to feel comfortable, but this process will be concluded before year end. So again, I think it’s going along very nicely and valuations that we’re seeing it’s something that are inline with some of the guidance that we’ve suggested and we’re very pleased with where we’re coming. That’s in terms of the acquisition.
Benson F. Smith: So, so generally we have some products like our ligation products that obviously tend to be used in sort of a specific nature of surgical procedures. Our take on this is that generally anesthesia products by way of example are going to be used sort of across the board. So if there is some decline in surgical procedures and I’ll sort of describe and that’s either elective or maybe a better word is even postponable surgical procedures, it’s going to affect us in that business obviously. Other businesses, let’s just say, hemodialysis catheter use isn’t affected all by a decline in surgical procedures. Our OEM business typically isn’t affected or it’s affected, it’s effect is going to be several quarters out before we see the impact of that in some of the areas of our OEM business I think are much less acceptable to that. So it really gets down to somewhat of a granular product line by product line consideration. Respiratory therapy is probably driven a lot more by a strong floozies in surgical procedures. So the dynamics of this can be somewhat different as you go from product line to product line.
Benson F. Smith: So I think given the nature of our portfolio, you almost see a direct relationship between what you’re spending and what your growth is going to be, so if we want to grow at 6% our R&D expenditures are going to need to somewhat be close to that. Given our portfolio I think that’s true up until maybe the 7% range and then it becomes from my perspective, harder and harder to find good R&D projects to invest in. Right now, though our immediate strategy is to make sure that our R&D dollars are going to the best projects we have in our list and we have spent some time over the last quarter consolidating that list to make sure that a shorter list of more impactful products gets done rather than working on more of a laundry list. But clearly overtime, we need to drive this up from and I don’t think there is anything that’s changed from Randy’s high fives that we need to get up to that 5% range and then, look at gradual expansion of that as we’re growing our portfolio a little bit beyond that 5% range.
