Lawrence Keusch: Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Teleflex Incorporated fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. The press release and slides to accompany this call are available on our website at teleflex.com. As a reminder, this call will be available on our website and a replay will be available by dialing 800-585-8367 or for international calls, 416-621-4642 using passcode 1028958. Participating on today's call are Liam Kelly, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Thomas Powell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Liam and Tom will provide prepared remarks and then we will open the call to Q&A. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the matters discussed in the conference call will contain forward-looking statements regarding future events as outlined in our slides. We wish to caution you that such statements are, in fact, forward-looking in nature and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual events or results may differ materially. The factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially include but are not limited to, factors referenced in our press release today as well as our filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K which can be accessed on our website. During this conference call, you will hear management make statements regarding intra-quarter business performance. Management is providing this commentary to provide the investment community with additional insights concerning trends and these disclosures may not occur in subsequent quarters. With that said, I will now turn the call over to Liam for his remarks.
Lawrence Keusch: And Cecilia, it's Larry. I would just mention that we will obviously provide a longer-term view of our outlook for UroLift at our May Analyst Meeting.
Lawrence Keusch: Thank you, April and thank you to everyone that joined us on the call today. This concludes the Teleflex Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
Liam Kelly: Thanks, Tom. In closing, I will highlight our three key takeaways from the quarter and our 2022 outlook. First, our diversified product portfolio enables Teleflex to deliver constant currency growth of 7.9% in the fourth quarter and 8.8% for 2021 despite the significant disruption from COVID during the year. Second, we continue to execute on our strategy to drive durable growth across our diversified portfolio with investment in organic growth opportunities, margin expansion and deployment of capital for M&A. Third, we remain confident in our growth strategy. We see our core growth platforms driving 4% to 5% growth with the additional growth coming from UroLift as pandemic headwinds subside. We have levers in place to drive further expansion in our margins. And our balance sheet is in a solid position with leverage of 1.7x, providing ample financial flexibility for our capital allocation priorities. We remain confident in our future and our ability to continue to meet our commitments to patients, clinicians, communities and shareholders. That concludes my prepared remarks. Now, I would like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So right across our business, Jayson, obviously, we have winners and losers every time there's a COVID outbreak. So parts of our business do better, part of the them do worse. Vascular, obviously, in some of our respiratory filters do better. Our elective procedures, UroLift being the first one and then Surgical and Interventional tend to do worse. What we saw as we came through the end of August and the last outbreak, we saw, in particular, UroLift procedures pick up September, October, November. And then we saw them being impacted in December and that continued into January. We would expect then to see an improvement as hospitals reopen and as people feel more confident in going in and having these procedures done. So we would anticipate the environment improving in the month of February and in the month of March. And again, I've got to commend hospitals and docs offices and ASCs. They are managing the additional outbreaks much better. The issue with Omnicron was it was a lot more contagious. So it actually added to the staffing shortage with individuals having to isolate for five days once they were exposed to just because of the infectious nature of it. But yes, an improving environment in -- as we went through February, Jayson, to answer your question directly.
Liam Kelly: Well, the one thing you need to be active, Jayson, is firepower and we've got lot of firepower. So our leverage levels, as we said in the call, at 1.7x. So we have firepower. Let me answer it this way. I feel a lot better today than I did a year ago with regards to valuations. We always augment our portfolio. And don't forget in the last 24 months, we have acquired HPC and Z-Medica and we divested of our respiratory assets. We are active out there purchasing assets. I think valuation expectations have modified as the IPO market is modified. And it's not just us telling the private companies, that it's also the banking community, communicating that to them. So yes, I'm glad that we maintained our financial discipline over the last 12 months when it was pretty heavy out there. And I think it's -- we're having a lot of easier conversations with private companies now and they see a strategic exit as very, very favorable compared to an IPO at this stage.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Larry. So with UroLift, first of all, we're really pleased with the strong finish to the year, $93 million in the fourth quarter. And indeed, our overall performance in the year and thank you for acknowledging it. I think we're really proud of what we did. We delivered revenue growth of 8.8% versus our original guidance of 8% to 9.5%. And don't forget, the original guide of $28 million to $32 million of respiratory revenue that we divested, delivered gross margins 59.4%, 270 basis points of expansion, up margin 310 basis points of expansion. And earnings per share, 25% growth in earnings per share, while also losing $0.10 to $0.15 in the respiratory divestiture. Looking forward, we've obviously communicated that we expect UroLift to grow 15% this year. We feel that, that's very achievable in the current environment. We expect it's going to be impacted by COVID in the first quarter as one would anticipate. And then we would anticipate lower single digits in the first half of the year and then picking up strongly in the back half of the year, obviously, an easier comp in Q3. And then going into Q4, as people work through their deductibles, you'd expect it to continue along that vein. We're really confident on our core business being well capable of 4% to 5%, Larry. And with good execution, I think we should be at the upper end of that range. So our growth algorithm of 6% to 7% is very, very much intact, as demonstrated in our guide today. So our constant currency guide is 4% to 5.5%. But there's 1.6% of a headwind from the respiratory divestiture, that's 30 basis points from the loss of a day which is in Q1 which actually gets you to 5.9% to 7.4%. So if anything, the algorithm has improved because of the base, our core business doing even better through good execution and really solid investment behind some of our good growth assets such as Intraosseous, such as our PICC portfolio, such as MANTA and such as our hemostasis portfolio.
Liam Kelly: Absolutely, Larry. So we look at assets that are in that $600 million to -- $60 million to $300 million in revenue. Our strategic criteria is that it fits within one of our pillars or in an adjacent space. It's got a really strong IP. Has a great value proposition within the hospital. Also has -- is clinically better than anything within the marketplace available. And we like products that are sticky. They get used over and over again. We obviously look for assets that are accretive to our gross margin. And we look for assets that are -- will become accretive to our op margin in time. We'll accept some shorter-term op margin dilution like we did, for example, with NeoTract as long as we can see leverage into the future. So those are really our financial and strategic criteria, Larry, and thanks for the questions.
Liam Kelly: Yes. Good question, Matt. So as I answered Larry, the first half will grow in the lower single digits due to the impact of COVID-19 through the first quarter and obviously, staffing shortages, while the second half of the year will grow really strong double digits. The contributions will be small from the international markets. You've got Japan, Brazil and France. They'll ramp in the second half of the year but they won't really become meaningful math until 2023 and beyond. So for this year, 2022, the main growth driver for UroLift will continue to be the United States. And I'll just add to that, Matt and I mentioned this in my prepared remarks that we trained through the pandemic. That is the most best tactical way to drive growth in UroLift in 2022 and then bring on the international markets in ‘23 and beyond. And obviously, you'll see places like China come into being in '23 and so we got a real great algorithm for growth for all of Teleflex and also from UroLift.  And as Tom outlined in his prepared remarks, we've got 25% of our total revenue that is in that mid-teens growth which includes UroLift but as well as that, you've got MANTA and Hemostat and intraosseous and PICC, all driving that real solid top line growth for Teleflex.
Liam Kelly: Yes. I did in the prepared remarks, Matt. So as I said in the prepared remarks, we've received the CRL and we are working on the information requested. The good news is the request from the FDA is not focused on clinical data and with clear line of sight on the additional information that the FDA is requesting. We will continue to interface with the FDA and it is very collaborative. But it's clear to us, Matt, this is also the first time the FDA has approved a biologic products such as this. So we're breaking new ground together. And as you're aware, Matt and as most investors will be aware, the RFP from the military within that $3 million to $4 million, it's a nice market in the future, it's $100 million that we'll grow into. But that $3 million to $4 million is not in our guidance for this year.
Liam Kelly: So I think once we get -- what's very clear to me to the latter part of your question, Cecilia, is that UroLift growth is impacted by COVID. We've seen this at every outbreak of COVID. And as I just said a few minutes earlier, we saw UroLift pick up in September through November quite substantially. And then obviously, in December, we saw it take a step back because of the outbreak of COVID. Notwithstanding that, we still exceeded our internal expectations because of the robustness of the growth in the first two months of the quarter. And the reason, Cecilia, that we're focused on a few pillars of growth for UroLift. The first pillar of growth is going to be around driving utilization in existing docks over the next number of years. What we've seen during COVID is our champions and our interventionists. And remember, these are people that almost predominantly to a very, very high percent only offer UroLift. And because of reluctance in patients, because of staffing shortages, we've seen their utilization drop a little bit through the COVID environment. So, the easiest way to get UroLift back in to drive that 15% growth is drive utilization there. The second point is, for the future is to continue to do that but also to expand overseas. And you'll see Japan coming in beginning in April 1. You'll see France in the back half of the year. You'll see Brazil continue to move as we go through the year. You'll see China come in next year. Maybe then somewhere like Taiwan, you'll see -- pardon me, Italy and Spain come along. So most companies would expect the revenues they do in the U.S., if you execute well overseas, you should do almost the same amount of revenue overseas over a multiyear period. And then lastly is obviously bringing on new docs. We continue to train new docs as we go through the year. And I think that it's important for everybody to realize we haven't penetrated this market by any stretch of the imagination. We've only trained about 3,400 docs out of 12,000. And we've only done 300,000 procedures, almost all of them in the United States out of 12 million men in the United States and 100 million globally. So the opportunities for growth over a multiyear period, I feel really encouraged by and we just want to get COVID in the rearview mirror and then really show what this product can do from a growth profile.
Liam Kelly: So, we haven't seen any site of service change and I don't anticipate seeing any site of service change in the coming year. The law that was signed in by President Biden actually improved the reimbursement for the UroLift in the office procedure by changing the conversion factor by about 3%. That actually added another $100 to $150 net to the urologist for doing this procedure. We've also implemented our own pricing strategy in the marketplace and that has been incredibly well received. Only six weeks into it, a very high percentage of our customers have signed up to our plan. So I would envision a very -- I wouldn't envision much of the shift inside of service. And Mike, don't forget as well, 70% of our UroLift cases are done outside of the office. And the CMS ruling only impacted Medicare Medicaid patients in the office which, if you do the math, is about 20% of the total. So we have strategies in place. The team is executing and the 15% growth is predicated on everything that we know today and our knowledge of what's going to happen with COVID we move forward throughout the year.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So for Vascular Access, this year, we expect it to grow in the mid-single digits in it's entirety. Obviously, our CVC portfolio benefited from COVID over the last couple of years. But the growth is really coming from our intraosseous portfolio and also from our PICC portfolio as we continue to take share because of our coating technology. This is really a global play for us. We've launched a really nice new CBC kit that is getting excellent traction out there in the market globally and that's also helping uptrade our customers on our CBCs in our key -- globally but in our key North American market for sure. So we feel really good. It's our largest franchise, Matt. It continues to execute incredibly well. We have a new -- as well as that new product, we have another new product that's coming around our PICC, positioning in our PICC that we're very excited about. And so this is one of the -- we've often said not all growth is equal. This is one of the businesses that gets more R&D dollars spent than others. And keeps that flow and new products come to keep ourselves differentiated and it's a great franchise.
Liam Kelly: Yes. We're really happy with where Z-Medica finished. We told the investment community to be somewhere between $60 million to $70 million. We finished squarely in there $66.5 million. Really proud of the achievements, bringing that into Teleflex. And nothing is changed in our outlook. That's well capable of high single, good execution, low double-digit growth and really accretive to our margins, again, another growth driver. And that's in the bucket that Tom spoke about, that's driving an average in the mid-teens. And of course, we have a cardiac study that we just completed, we will file with the FDA. And that will expand the $600 million TAM also, Matt. So, really excited about it.
Liam Kelly: So for us, it's all about the coatings. And what changed, Dave, was in the past, hospitals didn't have to report infections on PICCs. And the assumption was when they weren't measuring it, the assumption was that the PICC infections were lower. PICC infections on CBC is used to be at 4% before we launched our coated technology on the CBCs. And with -- many studies have shown we've been able to bring it down to practically 0. And of course, once they started measuring PICC infections, they were around 4%. So now hospitals don't get reimbursed for those infections. And that's why we're being so successful with our PICC technologies. It's really around our coatings that are both antithrombogenic and anti-infectious.
Liam Kelly: Yes. Also within -- this is also a global play for our Surgical business. So we have a really strong Surgical business in the Americas and in APAC. And as procedures bounced so did our Surgical portfolio. But we're also working on expanded indications for our coal ligation clips that should help us continue to augment the growth. Now it's not going to grow at that clip for next year and I don't want to mislead anybody that is going to do that. It will be in the low single digits as we go through next year. But we are -- we have some new products coming down the -- this year -- sorry, I said next year, this year, 2022, it will grow in the low single digits. But we have some nice pipeline of products coming through there and we've expanded our vascular closure. We've really like working on our instruments. And of course, it holds like as we continue to perform exceptionally well globally. And quite frankly, the team in Surgical has done an outstanding job in executing as procedures have returned. And also an area that we take price, I should mention that. It's a nice opportunity for us. And on pricing I think it's important that we did mention, we anticipate having positive pricing this year on that 50 basis points consistent what we drove last year in order to offset some of the inflationary pressures. And it's for a company by Teleflex, I believe that will be successful because we're used to taking prices out of our DNA and we'll continue to execute on that price, in particular, with Surgical within our Vascular business unit and also overseas in Asia and Europe. So, I just want to make a point as well before we close. Thank you.
