Benson F. Smith: Thank you, Jake and good morning, everyone. To begin, I'd like to start the call by saying that we are quite pleased with our financial performance during the fourth quarter as our business rebounded nicely from Q3 and we achieved results that exceeded the high-end of our most recently provided constant currency revenue growth and cash flow from operations guidance ranges, while achieving adjusted earnings per share at the top of our most recently provided guidance range. In fact, during the fourth quarter, we saw a stabilization in our end markets and at 6.9% generated our highest constant currency revenue growth since the fourth quarter of last year. And this was no small feat as the fourth quarter of 2015 was a huge quarter for Teleflex and presented us with a very difficult comparable. Strong constant currency revenue growth rates were achieved within each of our product areas and geographies, and that even includes Latin America, which has faced significant headwinds leading up to this most recent quarter. As we exit the year, thanks in part to the investments we have been making in our product portfolio, I feel confident about the state of our base business and believe that we are well-positioned to build upon our base business constant currency revenue performance in 2017. Turning to profitability, during the fourth quarter we generated adjusted operating margin of 25%, which was up 130 basis points versus Q4 2015, at an all-time high, and adjusted earnings per share reaching $2.13. While from a full year perspective, we were able to leverage as reported revenue growth of 3.2% into adjusted earnings per share of $7.34, an increase of 16% as compared to 2015. And similar to my comments regarding revenue, we see 2017 as yet another year in which Teleflex can leverage its base business income statement through a combination of revenue and non-revenue dependent actions, further expanding adjusted gross margins and operating margins as well as adjusted earnings per share. All of my comments regarding our base business will be aided greatly by the recently completed acquisition of Vascular Solutions. We are excited to close this transaction earlier than we initially anticipated, which will allow us to begin integration activities sooner and we'll realize approximately 10.5 months worth of contribution from Vascular Solutions' high growth and high margin product offerings in 2017. I'd like to take this opportunity to welcome the employees of Vascular Solutions into the Teleflex family. We are certainly looking forward to the contributions you will make in the future. And before I turn the call over to Liam, I would like to briefly discuss an announcement that we made this morning regarding my future at Teleflex. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing my intention to retire as Chief Executive Officer effective December 31, 2017. I've had the pleasure to serve as Teleflex Board member since 2005 and as the Company's CEO since 2011. During my time as CEO, we accomplished a great deal, completing the transformation of a once slow growth, multi-industry company into a pure play medical device company capable of consistent annual revenue growth and significant margin expansion. And as I look ahead, I feel that the end of 2017 is the right time for me to retire as CEO. Our product portfolio is the most robust it's ever been with several products launching that has significant market potential. Our market expansion initiatives are well underway – our margin expansion initiatives rather are well underway and the company has the ability to expand gross and operating margins for several years to come. And the integration of Vascular Solutions will be well underway by the end of this year. I also feel that the management bench strength at Teleflex is very deep, led by the man who will take my place as CEO, Liam Kelly. Liam has been instrumental in the success that Teleflex has had over the past six years and I am pleased that he will succeed me. That being said, Liam, you won't be able to get rid of me that easily as I do plan on running for another three-year Board term with Teleflex. And if elected in May, I will continue to serve as Teleflex's Chairman of the Board. That completes my prepared remarks. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Liam.
Benson F. Smith: So we have consistently presented that 350 basis points to 400 basis points as a conservative goal for the end of 2018. As you know, we did not include the potential margin improvement from acquisitions such as Vascular Solutions in that total, now did we include our China Go-Direct program in that. So I would say that of the view we would give it to (41:05) that is, is that those two events would be additive to that 350 basis points to 400 basis points goal. Our current thinking at this point, given the fact that that 350 basis points to 400 basis points contains a number of different programs is to have an Analyst Meeting sometime during the course of this year. I think September now is looking like the most likely date where we can go into more details and I think give you a much more definitive viewpoint in terms of what 2018 is really going to look like. But at this point the assumption you should be making is that those two elements are additive. And at that point also I think we want to go beyond what 2018 is going to look like and give you a couple years forward moving picture as well, because just including the various programs we have, many of them won't have been completed by 2018. But I would say, our margin expansion remains a very, very strong opportunity for us for the next three years to four years.
Benson F. Smith: This is Benson. I spent a good bit of time in Washington two weeks ago, and I would say while there is a lot of enthusiasm to get something out there relative to tax reforms, there is still a lot of disagreement under the surface in terms of what that really looks like. So, I think the approach of wait and see is important. There can be a lot of negotiation between now and some final proposal.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Okay, Larry. Liam here. I'll take that one. So, as we outlined in the call, from a volume perspective 1.8% to 2.4%. We're accelerating new products from the 1.3% that we finished 2016 to a 1.4% to 1.6% range. And as we said during the call, we see that being somewhat conservative, but we are contemplating that we will get through these value analysis committees, in particular with products that we launch during 2016. We have accretion on our pricing from 0.4% in 2016 to the range of 0.5% to 0.6%. That's being driven by a positive base pricing, but also with the action that we're taking with our China distributor adding some pricing there. And of course, CarTika adds 30 basis points to 40 basis points. A few macro impacts – and of course Vascular Solutions then on top of that to go from 4% to 5% to 12.5% to 14% on a constant currency basis. Then there are a few macro factors. So the headwinds that we saw as we said previously within Latin America, we expected that to be behind us as we entered quarter four. And I am happy to report, Larry, that Latin America had a robust quarter four, growing in the region of about 8%. We also anticipate a recovery in EMEA in – next year. On a full-year basis this year, EMEA grew by about 1.1%, Larry, and in the latter half of the year in quarter three, EMEA grew by over 2% and with an extra billing day in Q4 grew by 3%. So, we've a reasonable trajectory within EMEA to get us there. And of course, our key North American market, Larry, we expect to see robust growth as we have seen, aided by those new products that I mentioned earlier.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: And I'll just add to that a little bit Larry that hospitals are now being penalized for the last 18 months on their infection scores on PICCs, and we believe that as Tom said, an antithrombogenic and an antimicrobial solution is really where the market is moving. And we have some better solutions that we're working on internally that addresses both. Semprus was clearly an anti-adherence technology, so therefore had an impact on thrombus, but not on infection rate colonization.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: So, we are working on some technologies that will be slated for a 2019-2020 release at this stage, Larry.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: So it's quite complementary and it actually brings a broader range of portfolio of products as well. So Penn commercializes trauma and resuscitation products as well as frontline (42:41) products. They are the I think Enteropathy's (42:46) product of choice predominantly with the military. We also have a strong relationship with the military, but this just adds an additional portfolio to Teleflex. We don't expect it to have a significant impact on revenue or earnings during 2017, but it also brings some valuable IP that will help to support the EZ-IO product into the future. And I would say, David, is it still needs shareholder approval before it closes, so just bear that in mind.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Okay. So there is a lot in there, Brooks. It's Liam here, so I'll try and grab them one at a time. So the distributor will sell through what inventory did they have during the year. It will have an impact on our revenue line. At the moment, we estimate that to about 30 basis points, which is included within our volume guidance that we gave. The impact thereafter, it becomes accretive in 2018, 2019 and 2020. During 2017, you will also see that we have additional pricing as a result of this. So we lose volume, we lose earnings, but we do pick up some modest pricing in the region of about, let's call it at 30 basis point or 40 basis points of additional pricing as a result of this. So we anticipate that as the distributor sells through their inventory, we will put in our sales organization into the Chinese market. Our overall business in Asia is – or in China is in the region of about $85 million, Brooks, and this represents at (45:23) between $26 million and $30 million for Teleflex in 2016.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: So it's Liam here, Ian (48:25). So Vascular Solutions have traditionally been quite aggressive with product launches. You will see that they just launched the TrapLiner which is an extension of their core GuideLiner product. So of their, call it, $170 million a year, about $50 million comes from this GuideLiner product. The TrackLiner was initially thought to cannibalize a larger portion of the GuideLiner. Having done some of the clinical work in Canada and in Europe, the feedback from the clinicians is that it will be used more in conjunction with the GuideLiner, so the cannibalization rates will be slightly lower. So that's the potential for upside. In the longer term, if I stick with the new products theme, freeze-dried plasma could be a significant opportunity in the future. We have a strong military call point. This is a product that will be sold through that call point. The proposed deal we have with Ping (49:37) strengthens that call point into the military. So we think that will be accretive. And their top-line sales growth will be reinforced by our international channel, and we think that's the potential for some further upside perhaps in the future.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: So, again, the feedback is resoundingly positive. We have put the product portfolio of Percutaneous Solutions, which is Percuvance and MiniLap, into the hands of our full sales force now and put more resources behind this. In the U.S., we have 24 hospitals using it of 36 that have been through the VAC through quarter four, which is a 68% hit rate, which is consistent with our success rate going through VAC. We have 35 trials ongoing in North America and 60 ongoing globally. We're still very enthusiastic about the product. Feedback from the customers and surgeons continues to be resoundingly positive, and we're just working through the Value Analysis Committees through this year and what we expect to see as we get through those is the revenue to ramp through the year and to have more of an impact in 2018.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: So, I'll cover the margin side of it first. So, it's accretive to our overall margins. Now, there will be some adjustments as we walk through Vascular Solutions. They count certain expenses below the line that we would account in gross margin. But their gross margins have been in the 66% range as they have reported them. From the point of view of synergies, clearly we just closed this a week ago. We're working through that. Clearly, we have a plan there, but we don't anticipate significant synergies in 2017, but obviously that will ramp as we get through 2018 and 2019 and I think we are pretty consistent by 2019, we will generate between $40 million and $45 million in synergies from this transaction.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: So, I'll address the Turnpike first (53:36) that's okay. So, the Turnpike product, we're very excited by it, we love the growth profile of it, we love the margin profile of the Turnpike product. The growth of the Turnpike in quarter four was almost 200%, albeit on a relatively small pace. We see this as an additional opportunity in the hands of Teleflex, because a lot of their distribution channel overseas – or some of their distribution channel overseas at least does not to sell the Turnpike, they sell the competitive product that they had taken onboard as a distributor would, prior to the launch of Turnpike. So we actually see the lifecycle of that in the early stages of lifecycle for the Turnpike with many years of accretive growth to come for Teleflex and accelerate this by what we can do with our channel overseas.
Liam Kelly - Teleflex, Inc.: Okay, so it's Liam here again. So within percutaneous, you have Percuvance and MiniLap. So they both address that category of percutaneous solution. We don't normally give specific guidance for individual product categories, but as I said earlier, we expect it to ramp and to be accretive to our new product revenues that we will ramp-up during 2017. On the Intuitive side, we do sell a range of products to Intuitive that – our trocars predominantly that are sold as part of their platform and that generates approximately 30 basis points to 40 basis points of growth – of revenue globally.
Thomas E. Powell: Okay. So, that is correct. So, the financial impact is an impairment charge offset by a deferred tax liability. Those two net to about $26 million. We also then reduced contingent consideration payment as well. Kind of the background there is, Teleflex as a company is always working on a number of products. In this case, looking for coatings that will reduce antithrombogenic and have antimicrobial properties. What we found, Larry, is that – we've got other technologies in our portfolio that are showing a lot of promise on both of those fronts. Semprus was more focused on the antithrombogenic. And so we made the decision to focus our resources on that – another coating technology that we think shows more promise. And so, that's kind of the background on the decision.
Thomas E. Powell: Sure. So, the fourth quarter margin was on the lower side of what we've put up there. I think the biggest impact is we saw about a 70 basis point negative impact coming from FX throughout the – or I should say through the first three quarters of the year. We had seen some very moderate positive impacts on gross margin from currency, but the fourth quarter impact erased all those gains. So that was a big shift in the trend line. And then you also recall our decision to delay the transfer of the wet kits. We discussed this earlier in the year. That would have had an impact in the fourth quarter as well. And then in addition, there was some mix. We had unusually strong growth in our OEM respiratory business units as well as the Latin America region, and these collectively are our lowest margin region and business units. So, that was a mix impact as well. As we think about this going forward, obviously we thought about our longer term mix and have modeled that into 2017. In any quarter you can have peaks and valleys in product lines. We don't expect that these three product lines will necessarily cause a mix issue going forward for us. We'll have to see on the impact from currency. As mentioned in our guidance, we have anticipated there will be an FX impact, and that's in our assumptions. And we expect to be able to work through the wet kit transfer issue in the coming quarters and put that behind us. So I don't see this as really having a long-term impact for us as a result of these three items.
Thomas E. Powell: And then on the tax rate, our approach and planning for 2017 was to develop our plan based on the prevailing or current tax builds (54:42) out there for the U.S. and abroad. We have not yet factored in any potential revisions, and so what we'll wait to do is, see what's actually coming out in terms of legislation. And once that becomes clear, we'll make an assessment of the impact and provide updates. But we thought it's premature right now to incorporate any conceptual proposals into the financial plans.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, that's something that we're obviously watching very closely. As we talked about, the whole Vascular Solutions acquisition, we initially funded that on a revolver and bank term loan, and we are going to opportunistically look to see if there is an opportunity to turn that out with high yield. Now, to the extent that either the current administration creates a repatriation opportunity or we are able to create one ourselves internally, would cause us to reassess that financing strategy, because obviously we have over $500 million of cash sitting O.U.S., and that could help us to delever and perhaps take an alternative path. But we're working through the whole question on repatriation I guess by ourselves, and we want to wait and see what happens with the current administration's plans on that. So, we are watching it closely obviously.
