Liam Kelly: Thanks, Tom. In closing, we delivered solid third quarter results as our diversified portfolio showed continued expected improvement relative to our quarter two results on both the top and bottom line. Excluding the impact of COVID, we see our underlying business performance is encouraging and very much in line with our initial expectations. We continue to view the resurgence of COVID globally combined with the willingness of the more vulnerable population to get procedures done as a primary wildcards impacting recovery. While the next several quarters will have elements of uncertainty, we remain confident in our ability to execute as we head into 2021 and are optimistic in our long-term prospects. We, as an organization, will continue to focus on serving our hospital customers and working with our key stakeholders. We will manage the business prudently while staying focused to capitalize on the long-term potential of our global product portfolio. In closing, I want to thank all of our employees who continue to manufacture, distribute and support products that are required in the fight of COVID19, focusing on meeting our commitments to patients, clinicians, communities and shareholders. That concludes my prepared remarks. Now I would like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Liam Kelly: Okay, David. So, first of all, I think that our underlying business is actually performing very well. If you look at the third quarter, we grew by 8% with a couple of headwinds in there beyond COVID and that 8% excludes COVID. So, if you were to look at our underlying business performance, we're closer to the 9% excluding the Langston recall and excluding the go direct in Japan, which will have longer-term benefits for us. My thinking over the last number of months hasn't changed to be totally frank with you although I am seeing COVID getting worse. When I attended your conference, I think that I was pretty clear that although some of our peer companies were expecting a recovery in quarter four that we did not expect that recovery until early in 2021 and nothing has changed in my thinking around that. Before Tom actually comments on quarter four, I think, it's important that I share with you and the investment community our thinking for revenue growth in the fourth quarter. Many of you familiar with Teleflex will know that we've been seeing, as I said, for the past couple of months that we expect the recovery to be early 2021 rather than the fourth quarter and we continue to believe that to be the case. And as I said, David, nothing has changed in my thinking. But however, because of the significant rise in infection rates globally, we are more cautious now on the pace of the recovery as even compared to a few months ago. In formulating what we believe would happen in the fourth quarter we projected for the modest year-over-year constant currency revenue growth improvements we saw in October for the entire quarter. What we did not factor in was an increase in elective procedures, increased volumes of patients as a result of DTC nor did we factor in the second shift down in relation to COVID, which we think is highly unlikely. We did take into consideration the difficult comparable against quarter four last year where we had a pretty good quarter and we believe this to be a balanced position. And therefore concluded that we would see modest improvement in Q4 constant currency revenue growth as compared to Q3 excluding the billing days. And of course then the billing days will add approximately 3%. So it's really, David, I think what we're seeing in the end markets globally the uptick in COVID that we're seeing in places like France, Spain, Italy, Australia and Southeast Asia and in the key market of the United States. And I have to say I was really encouraged by the performance of our US business in the third quarter where we've turned in North America to a positive growth of 0.4% and that would have been even better if you were to exclude those that one-time Langston call. But I'll let Tom comment on the fourth quarter.
Liam Kelly: Yes, absolutely. So, on UroLift to start with, obviously great seed return to growth. It grew by 11% in quarter three. As I said earlier, we have not, in our quarter four, thinking built in an uplift from DTC. Are we happy with the way the DTC is going? Absolutely. It's going really, really well. Patient response above-expectation, 150% increase in our web traffic. We're actually getting now urologists coming to us looking to be trained on the UroLift because patients are turning up to their practice asking about it. This isn't market research, David, but in this quarter just gone I had conversations with 28 urologists, 27 out of 28 told me that they had patients come into their practice and ask them about UroLift in direct response to what they had seen on either a TV or a web campaign. So, we're very encouraged by that. Regarding the Z-Medica acquisition, let's start with the strategic element that we always look for, does it fit within Teleflex? Yes. The call point is right where we want it to be EMS and trauma. Does it have IP? Yes, very strong IP that runs out to 2033. Are there synergies available because we're putting it into our portfolio? Absolutely. Has it got excellent clinical efficacy? Yes, 150 clinical papers written about it and it's a very sticky product growing into a market that's a $600 million market globally with an opportunity to expand overseas. With regard to the valuation, the few of the key metrics that we looked at, obviously, the multiple on revenues it's in the mid-7s based on forward revenues. But if you exclude the tax attributes, it's just around 7 times. And then more importantly, from an EBITDA perspective in the high teens of 2021 EBITDA and in the lower teens if you go into 2022. We would consider this a scale acquisition similar to Vidacare. We really like the accretion and this is accretive to our top line growth, it's accretive to our gross margins and immediately and creative to our longer-term op margin goals. And it exceeds our internal cost of capital by year four - by the end of year four. And again, a good benchmark for us as you know that's what we try and set ourselves up to is to get to that above our internal cost of capital by year four and our internal cost of capital is in the very high singles, just to be clear.
Liam Kelly: Okay, Larry. So, in regarding to the UroLift in your first question about site of service, we have continued to see a shift from the hospital to outside of the hospital in particular to the office settings. That has moved by around 4 percentage points that have moved from the office to - pardon me, from the hospital to the office. In relation to the recovery that also striking difference to the recovery within the office setting and in the hospital setting. We see the office setting being quite positive in the third quarter compared to pre-COVID levels and the hospital setting is still under the pre-COVID levels from UroLift procedure. So, that's obviously been compounded by the fact that procedures are being moved to the office environment. Regarding moving to the fourth quarter and looking at UroLift in the fourth quarter, as you would be aware, Larry, UroLift has got a significant - had a significant achievement last year. It grew 64.4% last year. So, they've got a really tough comp as they head into the fourth quarter. Notwithstanding that, if I look at it sequentially from an absolute dollar perspective as we go from Q3 to Q4, we would definitely - our expectation will be to see an increased dollar value going from Q3 to Q4. And as I said in my earlier comments, Larry, it's very hard to forecast the absolute impact of DTC in the COVID environment. So, we haven't really built in an expected impact of DTC into the fourth quarter just given the uncertainty around COVID. Now having said that the DTC campaign is going exceptionally well. We will definitely on track to get 6 times - multiple of 60 impressions that we got last year when we did our 18 regional DTCs. As I said, our web traffic is up 150%. The number of patients that are actually going to our doc finder and coming to our call center, I'm not going to tell you the number, Larry, for competitive reasons, but I can tell you it's very encouraging what we're seeing happening out there with the DTC.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Larry. Great question. So, from a growth perspective, first of all, these end markets are really in the 4-ish-percent range, 4% to 5%. So, for just turning up, you're actually getting some nice growth, which also helps. The size of the markets are also encouraging. The overall market is about $600 million market globally, $150 million in the EMS, over $300 million in trauma and $125 million in the Interventional. We also have an opportunity and built into our model to do some further clinical work to expand it into cardiac in the future, which will actually expand that market even more. Also right now, the revenue is predominantly generated within North America, in that 80% to 85% of the revenues in North America. So, we believe that expansion overseas is a significant opportunity for us in utilizing our channel, which as you know is a key part of our strategy. The active, we'll do about $50 or $60 million last year, it will do $60 to $70 million this year. And I think a point that shouldn't get lost on the investment community is that the gross margins of this asset are in the low-80s. So, it's a nice opportunity for us to continue our margin expansion and also it shouldn't be lost that the op margins without synergies are accretive to our longer range goals for op margins. And we should be able to generate about approximately $10 million of synergies by year three with this asset which will also help to expand the op margin. And that combined with the growth makes it a very exciting acquisition for us. And I would really look at this, Larry, as another Vidacare. Faster growth, great margins and also us being able to take synergies and continue to expand that overseas and into different areas.
Liam Kelly: So, I think that with regard to UroLift Japan, nothing has changed since our last update. We believe that we will get the reimbursement in Q2 and we'll be generating revenue in Q2, Q3 of 2021. So, nothing has changed there in regard to UroLift in Japan. Regarding the BLA, we've made really good progress, Rich, with the FDA. At one stage we were considering an Emergency Use Authorization, I think, the military involvement and this was very helpful to us and now we believe we will have a BLA submission. Do we feel more confident now that we will generate some revenue in 2021? Yes, we do. The timing of the BLA is still to be ironed out with the FDA and once we get the BLA then we are on a fast track and it is very dependent on when they will approve that, but I feel quite encouraged that we will have the EZPLAZ on the market at some stage in 2021. With regard to your question on the Manta. The Manta performed really well in North America in the third quarter, returned to growth in around that 20% mark in the third quarter in North America, and we're very encouraged by that. We - it is a product that gets us access into the hospitals and clinicians are very keen to use the product because it reduces the time to hemostasis. And in today's environment when you're trying to get more TAVR cases through the cath lab, that is very, very helpful. So, we see Manta being one of our key drivers as we go into 2021. One of many I would like to point out, Rich. So, we've got the UroLift, we got Manta, we got UroLift Japan, we now have Z-Medica, we have EZPLAZ coming on stream. So, we've a lot of catalysts for growth as we go into 2021 and it's very encouraging. We just want to get out the other side of this COVID. And just on your comment that we're more cautious than we were. I would say, Rich, we're not, we're equally cautious as we were a couple of months ago. We just don't expect to see the recovery that - the recovery from COVID in Q4. We expect it to be nearly 2021 and nothing has changed in our thinking around that. But thank you for the questions.
Liam Kelly: So, I think, the way - it's a great question, Rich. I think, the way we look at it, look, September adjusted was minus 2% roughly. And we saw a sequential improvement in the first few weeks of October. And actually the first few weeks in October were pretty much flat year-over-year. But despite this positive trend in October and given the rise in cases in COVID and the tougher comps, we still expect modest improvement in Q4 versus Q3. We haven't built in, as you said, the DTC maybe we're being overly conservative. But this is as clearer picture as we have right now and if the recovery continues in Q4 as we haven't built in, Teleflex is going to benefit from that and we will accelerate. If we go into a second last time, which I don't expect it will be worse than we expect. But I think we're trying to, Rich, take a balanced and prudent approach to the fourth quarter. And what we see in front of us right now, as I said a few times, my crystal ball is cloudier than it's ever been with two months still left to go in a quarter. But I'm encouraged by what I saw in October, Rich, to be candid. We're up against a really tough comp in the last two months, and we have not built in a continued improvement in recovery, we basically taken what we've seen in October and prorated that in the last two months of the quarter. Now, if it continues to recover, it will be better, there is no doubt about it.
Liam Kelly: Yes, I mean, there are things that will help us reach, so Z-Medica being one that you point out. FX should work in our favor that will help us if procedures start to come back a little bit better that will help us. So, yes, you're correct. And we did not include Z-Medica and also, we've got two additional billing days in the fourth quarter which should add about 3%. So, there are green shoots out there and nice opportunities, but we don't want - as we sit here right now, we want to be absolutely as candid as we can with the investment community.
Liam Kelly: So, I think, Shagun, you're correct. We're very encouraged by the underlying performance of all of our businesses and UroLift is no exception. The underlying performance has been fairly consistent at 40%. We have not built in the DTC into the fourth quarter quite simply, Shagun, because it's very hard for us to determine where the patient came from when they go to the urology practice and because of the uncertainty in relation to the COVID - increase in COVID cases around the United States. With regard to the sharing on the DTC initiative, for competitive reasons, Shagun, I don't think it would be wise for us to share many of the specifics, but I can tell you that the number of patients that are actually clicking and calling our call center is very encouraging. If every one of them and that's - it's not going to happen, but if every one of them turned into a procedure that would be quite encouraging for us as an organization. And as we go into the fourth quarter, as we said earlier, we declined by 4% in the third. We expect a modest improvement over that and then we expect to pick up another 3% from billing days. FX should work in our favor if it stays where it is today. And that's where we see the fourth quarter landing.
Liam Kelly: Thanks, Shagun. Well, we would have - to answer the most part of that question, we would have to get out the other side of COVID. There's so much uncertainty out there with COVID. Are we encouraged by the underlying performance of our business? Absolutely, we are encouraged by the underlying performance of our business. Do we think we have a number of catalysts for growth? Yes. Have we just add another one today? Yes, we've added Z-Medica. Do we believe that once we get back out the other side of COVID that Teleflex will be in a strong position? Yes. With regard to our longer-term goals, are there right goals for Teleflex? Absolutely, they are. And nothing has changed in my thinking on that either. They are the right goals for Teleflex. And it's not a question of if we get to them, it's a question of when. But in order to give the investment community clarity on that, we need to come out the other side of COVID. We need to have a vaccine or a fall-off in the level of the condition to a certain level that consumer confidence is high and hospitals are able to get a higher throughput of patients. Even though everyone was expecting at the beginning of this COVID crisis that there would be almost like a super boom in Q4 where hospitals will put on extra capacity, we haven't seen that in October. And I don't think we're going to see it in November and December. And I don't want to predicate the fourth quarter on a super boom procedures coming back into hospitals because quite frankly, I can't see it happening.
Liam Kelly: All right, Anthony. So, on DOJ, absolutely no update on that and I would advise the investment community not to expect an update for a number of quarters as they're still focused on that single practice. With regard to the number of urologists, Anthony, we've changed, your math is pretty good. We're in around 2,900 of the 12,000 trained. And what's very encouraging for me is that we trained 120 urologists in the third quarter, which is right back to our normalized run rate pre-COVID training urologists. And I genuinely, well I know that the DTC is helping with that because we know urologists are coming to us because their patients have come into their office asking them about UroLift. The other part of your question regarding the 12,000 urologists, how many do we need to train? What's the magic number? In our research as we broke down our champions, what we've discovered is the champion, the average urologists see 75 BPH patients. But what we've discovered is whether you see 50 unique BPH patients a month or whether you see 150 unique BPH patients a month, you have the same opportunity to become a champion. And a champion is a urologist who does six procedures or more a month. So, we have to train all of the - pretty much all of the 12,000 urologists to get this 100% penetrated. And that's what makes it so exciting, Anthony, because it's such a big opportunity. As we train more urologists and we make this a standard of care for BPH, it is a massive market for us to grow into.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Anthony. I'll take the APAC one, obviously APAC was impacted by our decision to take the Japan business direct. So, if you normalize for that, it was about 11%. If you normalize for COVID, it was in those very low double digits but about 11%, slight degradation, and that was really driven by an increase in COVID cases in India and Southeast Asia, and a resurgence in Australia. We are a little bit unique, I guess, insofar, as that we are more exposed to Australia. It's a bigger part of our APAC business than it would be for other companies and similar to India. So, those are the key drivers for APAC. And I'll let Tom answer the other part of the question.
Liam Kelly: Yes, absolutely, Matt. And there are a multiple clinical papers written on the 75 peer reviews and really it comes down to some of the key factors. If you look at some of the human data 88.3% successful hemorrhagic control, success rates are right up there. And if you look at the military did one the Combat Gauze, higher success rate of achieving hemostasis at 89% for the - and 100% for the second application compared to standard gauze. So, you're looking at 89% and 100% hemostasis compared to standard gauze at zero percent and 13%. And, again, in the area of blood loss in trauma significantly less blood loss after packing was seen and this is the QuikClot plus where you can actually put it internally and obviously reduction in blood loss. And there is also an external use study and radial access that shows shortening the hemostasis by 94 minutes to TR - compared to TR band. So, it's really hemostasis and time that is the focus of the clinical peer reviews. And the product outperforms the standard of care that is used today in the market and is being adopted rapidly in EMS and trauma centers around the United States, in particular, and we want to expand that overseas.
Liam Kelly: So, I'm actually going to ask Tom, if you don't mind, to answer that because Tom has been working with the finance team and the business units to work through that.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So, we actually see the sales force synergies as the synergies the Teleflex brings because of our channel into the EMS space. So, if we look at that, we have a very strong sales organization that sells the EZ-IO, sells laryngeal masks as a whole plethora of products into that EMS and military call point and we've very strong relationships with the military, which is, as you can see from their co-sponsor of EZPLAZ product to get it into the marketplace. So, we see that really as an opportunity for us to accelerate the growth into that key call point. And then thereafter to expand within the other areas of trauma. As I've said in earlier in the call, total synergies by year three, we expect in the region of $10 million and that comes from a variety of areas and is an opportunity for us. But we want - this is a growth asset and our thinking here is that we will continue to invest behind this in the channel into the future in order to ensure that we will have more sales people on the ground in the combined organization than we did as Z-Medica as a stand-alone. And we will also look to expand into our channel overseas. We also have a direct call point into some of these key areas overseas and opportunities there to expand this portfolio. So, it's a very nice acquisition high single-digit growth, great margins both on the gross and operating margin. Great clinical data and very long IP. So, it's well protected and growing into a $600 million market.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So, what you would expect that would happen is, as you get over the increase in the curbs [ph] of COVID as we did in Q3 exactly as you pointed out, Drew, you would anticipate that those businesses will get back to more normalized levels. As you head into Q4 and as you see COVID beginning to increase again, you would expect that both our respiratory and our vascular businesses would benefit from that increase. Normally we would anticipate that respiratory would benefit from a strong flu season. My own view is that the flu season this year is irrelevant because of COVID and hospitals will protect themselves to have supply of these products in the fourth quarter in case the resurgence continues and in case that we go into a second lockdown. I don't think we're going to go into a second lockdown, Drew, I think the hospitals have really learned how to treat patients with COVID. And they're also segregating areas in the hospitals, if not entire hospitals, to move COVID patients to them, so they can continue to conduct procedures even in the midst of a second COVID outbreak.
Liam Kelly: Well, if you look at quarter three, what we saw was things begin to turn back to normal until we saw the upswing in COVID cases starting in Europe and then spread to North America. So, we were in quarter three as we went through it getting to, especially the first couple of months of quarter three. And then you get into the third month of quarter three and we saw COVID cases begin to rise again. I think that the answer to the question is, first of all, get out beyond COVID in in Q1, Q2 next year then get a vaccine. And I think it's also a little bit psychological that people feel that there is a vaccine out there. So, therefore they will feel more comfortable going back and getting procedures done and they won't be as concerned about a second or a third wave as it would be probably at that stage. So, I think, the vaccine is key, I think that the virus itself weakening and managing it better is also key as we go into the first half of 2021. And I would be very hopeful that if we get through the first half of 2021 and early in 2021, we'll begin to start come out the other side of this COVID pandemic and have a vaccine available and begin to return to some sense of normalcy. But again my crystal ball is as clear as yours is right now, everyone's crystal ball is a little bit murky.
Liam Kelly: So, I mean, the key market here is the United States. And if you look at the United States and if you look at pre-COVID and after COVID and our best benchmark really is the UroLift business. The states that are - I'm looking at the bigger states now where you carry a lot of your volume that are still below pre-COVID levels are, Massachusetts, New Jersey, South Carolina. Those that are rebounding back very strongly and above that are North Carolina, New York and Illinois, just three examples. So, what you've got is a mixed bag. So, in the United States we haven't seen the deferral of those procedures. But what we have seen is in places like India and indeed in Australia, in the third quarter, we saw the deferral of some procedures and hospitals pushing them back. So, yes, we did see it in some of the geographies. It will be interesting to see now what we will see in places like France and Spain. I think what they're going to try and do is keep patients flowing through the hospitals because the bigger human tragedy here could be people not getting procedures, and therefore, having a very bad outcome in the future because they didn't get that critical procedures that were needed because they were afraid of COVID. So, I think, that's a bigger human tragedy in the making. If we don't keep our hospitals open and keep patients flowing through them. And I think the other thing that you're seeing, as I said earlier, is that patients feel more confident going to the office and the ASC than they do in the hospital and we're seeing especially with UroLift the office setting, doing quite well compared to the hospital setting getting back to above pre-COVID levels in the office in its entirety within the United States. I hope that answers your question as accurately as I can.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So, the margin is still the same. It will move the UroLift margins from the mid-70s to high-70s, you should think about it getting about 4 full percentage points on that business. And last year that business did about $300 million. We'll begin the roll out early in 2021. I think that it's easy for the urologists to adopt this. The early indications that we have from our pre-market work has been really, really positive. The docs really like the way the product works, it's easier to use same grade outcomes, same - easier to use and same visibility, same everything. I'm really glad we took our time to change the visibility factor on this because it's coming back with the real positive feedback from the urologists. So, as we begin to roll it out in 2021 as we get into 2022, we should be able to have a large portion of the North American market converted.
Liam Kelly: So, I think, we will definitely see an improvement in the OEM business in the fourth quarter. What happens there Mike is, obviously, we make products for other companies, branded companies, all of which you will know, and you probably covered a large proportion of them. And what we've seen is, as their elective procedures fall off and there was a lag to them placing orders in our OEM business and we expected this to happen. This is not unexpected, we knew the OEM was going to be impacted by COVID a quarter later than the rest of our businesses. What we've also seen in some of these key companies destock as they are shoring up their capital and making sure that they're managing their free cash flow. So, we've seen some of them destock, you can only do that for a certain period of time. So, I would expect to see our OEM business begin the path to recovery in Q4.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Chris. Thank you for the question. What we did was we looked at what we saw in October and we pretty much projected that into the remainder of the year. Now, - and we did not assume an uptick in procedures. We did not assume a procedure recovery, and we may be too conservative here. But we do not anticipate getting back to pre-COVID levels in Q4. We still think that's going to be in early 2021. Now, October for the first four weeks of October look pretty reasonable, I mean, we were pretty much flat in the first few weeks of October. We do come up against a tougher comp when we get into November and December. Chris, you will know that, for example, the UroLift grew by 54% last year and our overall business performed very well in the fourth quarter of last year. So, we took that into consideration. We did not anticipate a further lock down. We anticipated that we would see COVID being well managed. We had seen in the month of October the upswing in the COVID cases, so that initial upswing was in our thinking when we laid out what we expect to happen for the fourth quarter. Those are the things we included and those that we excluded. And of course we excluded DTC, we included the - we excluded the billing days and they will add about 3%, we excluded FX; that should help us. We excluded - I'm sorry, I'm going back to the exclusions rather than inclusions, Chris, but we did also exclude Z-Medica that hopefully we'll close in the fourth quarter.
Thomas Powell: Yes. So, I think, Liam, you touched on the key points, in the third quarter, we - our currency growth was down 4.1%. As mentioned, if you were to exclude the benefit of the extra shipping days and Z-Medica acquisition, we expect the fourth quarter, constant currency growth to be only modestly better than that. So, not to cite a specific number, but we're not thinking there's going to be a significant improvement on the constant currency growth from Q4 - from Q3 to Q4.
Thomas Powell: So, the numbers that Liam referenced our 2019 numbers for the $50 million to $60 million and the $60 million to $70 million is what our expectations are for 2021.
Thomas Powell: Okay. Well, let me walk you through it. And I - we will admit it's not a perfect estimation, but we, as a business, wanted to understand the impact, so that we could understand our trends, I've spent quite a bit of time focusing on that. And so I'll share with you our approach. So, essentially, we began with the budget and then we made adjustments for known deviation from the budget. Plus or minus trends versus a budget prior to COVID to see how different businesses were performing, changes in competitive dynamics, canceled programs and events and CMA programs. We also looked at back order status and any changes there that could impact the results. We looked at distributor ordering patterns, as well as even customer communications regarding order push outs. And so we used all of this data to come up with kind of a number of adjustments that we attributed to COVID. And then the difference is essentially from budget was attributed to the COVID impact here, net of all of these adjustments. And we used some other approaches to triangulate around to just validate that. As for margins, once we had established the revenue impact, we could then apply our variable manufacturing costs. We included COVID-related manufacturing increases whether it was social distancing, PP&E, attendance et cetera. And we made adjustments for such factors such as sales commissions, as well as the OpEx cost savings initiatives. So that was our approach. I think we've taken a really hard look at it, but recognize that it isn't a perfect science, but rather our best estimation of the impact. And I hope you find itself.
