Liam Kelly: Thank you, Tom. In closing, I will highlight our three key takeaways from the fourth quarter of 2022 and our 2023outlook. First, our fourth quarter results were solid and driven by an improving end market for the majority of our businesses. Second, we are confident in our outlook for 2023. Our outlook reflects the diversification of the Teleflex portfolio through the combination of our growth drivers and stability of durable core revenues. Importantly, we will continue to focus on investment in our future growth drivers to enhance long-term value creation. Third, we are focused on achieving our objectives in 2025. We have a balanced approach to top line growth as we invest in our growth drivers and optimize the performance of the durable core. We see opportunities to drive margin expansion through mix shift, restructuring and price. And finally, we will remain disciplined in our capital allocation strategy, with a focus on executing on our M&A strategy. That concludes my prepared remarks. Now, I would like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Liam Kelly: Yes. Cecilia, thank you for the question, and good morning. So, I'll start with our overarching guidance for '23 on revenue, which is 4.75% to 6.25% with a midpoint at 5.5%. This represents an improvement over 2022, which had an underlying growth rate of 4.3%. And as regards cadence within the year, you obviously heard in Tom's prepared comments, where the quarter one will be 5.5% to 6.5% with a midpoint of 6%, so therefore, obviously, seeing an improvement right out of the gate in core revenue. As a company, we're continuing to focus our efforts on high growth and durable core, to the other part of your question. But the natural evolution for Teleflex is to guide these buckets as they contribute to the overall growth rate of the company. Our guidance assumption for 2023, Cecilia, assumes that high growth will grow 8% to 11%; durable core will grow 4.5% to 5.5%; and the other bucket will be flat to declining in 2023. As you know, we're an incredibly transparent company. And while we will not be guiding specifically to UroLift, we will report Interventional Urology revenues every quarter consistent with all our other product categories. The exception of this, this year will be Standard Bariatrics and the Titan Stapler, as we have guided the full year $30 million to $35 million. This is consistent with our past guidance principles of giving guidance to an acquisition within the first year. Obviously, for UroLift, we would expect an improving environment in 2023, and that would carry on into '24 and '25, Cecilia.
Liam Kelly: Okay. I'll just cover the conversion of UroLift 2 and Tom will cover the rest of the topics on margins, Cecilia. UroLift 2 we have the US market pretty converted at this stage to the UroLift 2, and Tom will go through your other questions on the gross margin line.
Liam Kelly: YeahSo I will tell you that when it comes to the guidance for UroLift during the LRP over the coming years, we are assuming that UroLift will grow 12% to 13%. So, two comments on that. We -- the high growth will go 12% 13%. And within that UroLift will grow 8% to 9%. So a couple of comments on that. First is that nothing has changed to our international assumptions. We still are confident in the rollout of the product in Japan. As we said in our prepared remarks, we've begun in China. There are other geographies coming on board such as Brazil, Taiwan, India, France, Italy, Spain and ultimately Germany as you go through the LRP cadence. I would also say that 2022 played out a little bit differently than we anticipated in the US with procedural recovery a lot slower than we had anticipated due to patient flow and staffing shortages. And I think overarching if you look at Teleflex as a company within that high-growth bucket in 2022, it's 25% of our company growing at 12% to 13% By 2025, it will be one-third of our company still growing at that 12%, 13%. And I think this along with our growth within UroLift will position Teleflex as for attractive long-term durable growth as a company.
Liam Kelly: Okay. Shagun, thank you for the questions. I'll let Tom answer the EPS range in a moment, but let me begin with UroLift. So obviously, we feel confident on the 8% to 9% for UroLift within our LRP. We do believe it will be improving, as we go through the LRP. And as I said earlier, nothing has changed in our assumptions for the international markets and we continue to anticipate that the international markets will do well. And we do feel good about the global growth for the UroLift franchise based, on all of that and based on the improving environment that we anticipate, as we said in our prepared remarks. And this gives us the confidence in the LRP growth of 8% to 9% CAGR, between now and 2025. With regard to your question regarding patient returns, there's two elements I think is going to need to be taken into account is, patient returns and staffing shortages. And we have seen -- in the fourth quarter, we saw a 13% sequential improvement from Q3 to Q4. We did see across all of our businesses an improvement, as you went through the fourth quarter as we said in our stated -- in our prepared remarks. That was also true of UroLift, as you went through that fourth quarter. You saw improvements, as you went through the three months of the fourth quarter. I was actually -- and ultimately we beat the UroLift -- our expectations for UroLift, by in excess of $3 million in the fourth quarter, which is the first time we've done that in a couple of quarters now, which gives us some encouragement as we move forward. I was out on the road last week, I spent a few days with our urology sales force with UroLift and meeting with customers. And while we're seeing some improvement in staffing levels in hospitals, we're still not seeing it in the ASC and in the office environment. I do anticipate that that will improve as we go through this year 2023. And I also believe, that patient flow will begin to return to the office. We're going to help that by continuing to train urologists. And we trained close to around 400 urologists, last year. Everything that's within our control, we're managing I think really well. We're going to continue with our DTC campaign. And we have, a new ad that we just launched. And let's not forget BPH isn't going away. 12 million men with BPH, are still there. It's deferrable, but it's not gone. And we remain the premier product for the treatment of BPH. And we are in effect the market leader in the treatment of BPH, which gives us confidence for that CAGR for UroLift over the LRP. 
Liam Kelly: So, Mike, thanks for the question. You are absolutely, correct. It is the base with the revised UroLift CAGR and the inclusion of Standard Bariatrics. That is the only change, we've made. That's accurate. 
Liam Kelly: So I'll take that one instead of Tom, if you don't mind Larry. So really you have a year-over-year, comp is one of the reasons for it. If you recall, there was Omicron last year which had a slight impact on some of the procedures that we're getting done. We also expect in Q1 to see a good solid performance as – in the overseas markets and in OEMs so – just because of that, impact in the prior year period. So, that's why it's a little bit front-end loaded in that regard Larry. And I think most investors would prefer to see a front-end loaded revenue plans and a back-end loaded revenue plan in my experience at least. So I think coming out of the blocks pretty well at a 6% growth with the guidance that – with the midpoint of our full year guidance at 5.5% I think should be seen as a positive for the investment community.
Liam Kelly: Okay. So I'll cover the LRP, and Tom will cover the margin question. But I know, what Tom's answer is it's going to be really focused on inflation Larry, which should be no surprise to anybody given the environment that we're in. But let me cover the revenue. It's all constant currency. So what I'm going to talk about is constant currency. So the first year of the LRP will be 5.5%. We're at the -- we're guiding to the low end of our LRP which is 6%. So you are correct. There is a modest up-tick in revenue as you go from this year 2023 and to 2024 and 2025. And why is that? One of the main reasons for that is the improving macro environment that we expect to see beginning as we go through 2023 and continuing into 2024 and 2025. The second factor that will help that is the international expansion of some of our high-growth portfolio not just UroLift but also the international expansion of PICCs the international expansion of the intraosseous portfolio the international expansion of the hemostatic products that will bring accelerated growth in the latter half of the LRP. And we feel pretty confident in that. It's not a managed step-up. We're going from 5.5% to a 6% CAGR over the horizon of the LRP. And I think the other comment that I will make, that nobody has picked up on so far in their questioning is, durable core was 4% to 5%. While we've been micro-focused on one element of Teleflex the durable core has been improving all this time. And now the durable core for the LRP is now 5% at the upper end of the original guide of 4% to 5%, through excellent execution by the businesses globally. And the margins on a high-portion of that durable core are fairly substantive and helpful to Teleflex. And it's a $14 billion global TAM, for the high-growth and we're only 5% penetrated. So the opportunities for us to continue to grow into that are significant. But I'll let Tom address the margin question that you had Larry. And thanks for the questions.
Liam Kelly: So, we began the year in 2022, expecting 50 basis points of positive pricing and we exceeded that goal in 2022, Mike. So we came in comfortably above the 50 basis points. We would expect again to be above 50 basis points and to deliver a minimum of 50 basis points of pricing this year. And we have a pathway to that. We have some carryover from the prior year and we have some additional pricing opportunities that -- some of which we've already executed.
Liam Kelly: So, Matt, your overall math is fairly good, with regard to the growth in UroLift over the three-year horizon. I think that we still are reliant on the US to drive the bulk of the growth, just because the overseas markets aren't big enough. Clearly, overseas and international, we're encouraged by what we're doing. And by the time we get to the end of 2025, it will be a bigger portion of the revenue. And of course, on a smaller base, the percentage growth is going to be much better. We've done a really good job in Japan. We're going to do a really good job in China, Taiwan, India, France, Spain, Italy, Germany, Brazil and so on and so forth, but they're just not big enough to carry the growth to get us to that CAGR of 8% to 11%. I think that the DTC does make sense, to answer the other part of your question. If you go back to 2022, based on our expectations, the number of impressions were up by 27%. The number of responses were up double -- very strong double digits. So we feel that that is an encouraging factor. And every time I talk to urologists. And the same was true last week, when I was out on the road, patients are coming into them asking them for UroLift based on the ad campaigns that they see. So I think we will continue with the DTC campaign. And we believe that 8% to 11% is very achievable for us as a company. 
Liam Kelly: Yes. So the high growth is doing really well. In the fourth quarter, it grew approximately 14%. The full year it grew approximately 14%, ex the contributions of UroLift. So, obviously, there are elements within the high growth that are above the average that we expect and there are elements of the high growth that will be slightly below it. Obviously, now the Titan, which comes from Standard Bariatrics, will be the fastest-growing. Then you have MANTA which will grow above the average. So we feel really good about the high-growth portfolio. We feel really good about being able to deliver the high growth of 12% to 13% over the LRP and we feel really good about being able to deliver 8% to 11% from the high growth in 2023. And the performance of all other aspects of the high growth, except for one, have been right in line, if not, ahead of our expectations for the entirety of 2022. And there's nothing better than momentum, as you know Matt as you head into 2023, 2024 and 2025 as you continue to build that out. And I know we talk a lot about international expansion with UroLift, but it is also the same for the rest of the high growth. There is international expansion as well as domestic sales growth as we tap into that market. And the encouraging thing is as I said earlier all of this high growth is growing into a massive market TAM where we're very underpenetrated, but significant opportunities for growth. 
Liam Kelly: Yes. And well done Anthony. Thanks for asking. So I'll answer the last part of your question first. Yes it will be margin-accretive by the end of the LRP. We expect it to become margin-accretive as we exit 2024. What you should expect from Standard Bariatrics is that it will deliver between $30 million and $35 million this year as we stated in our prepared remarks. And then as we said previously it should add approximately 50 basis points of growth to Teleflex year-over-year thereafter from an organic perspective. So that's what you should expect from Standard Bariatrics. Rough math should be around $60 million by the end of 2025. 
Liam Kelly: Yes. Sure, Anthony. So I expect the overall environment for urology patients and staffing to continue to improve as we go through 2023. When it's going to be 100% normal Anthony, it's difficult for me to actually pinpoint that right now in all fairness. But I do anticipate to continue to improve. And why do I say that? The staffing levels in hospitals began to improve in Q4. I expect that to continue into Q1 this year. And once staffing levels start to improve in hospitals it will ultimately then begin to improve in ASCs and ultimately in offices thereafter. And I think the patient flow as I said earlier there's still 12 million men suffering from BPH. If you walk into a urologist office and there's 100 men in the urology waiting room, 40 of them are there because they got BPH roughly. So it's still the number one reason why a man goes to the urologist. So the size of the market is a significant driver to my belief that it will return to normal as we go through the LRP at some stage. With regard to M&A, clearly, we have the most important thing that you need. We have a very strong balance sheet. For M&A, we're about 1.75 times levered at the end of the fourth quarter. We are active out there looking at opportunities. We have a lot of lines in the water. We're fishing hard Anthony. Very difficult for me to say and we're going to get a fish on the hook and into the boat. But there are targets out there that we are interested in. There are targets out there that we are actively pursuing. And we do believe that we are an attractive acquirer and there are assets that we feel would fit very well in the Teleflex family. 
Liam Kelly: So we saw improvement in both sides of the Atlantic. I keep getting back to the point that the international markets at this stage are not substantive enough to carry the can for the overall UroLift growth. And we would not have been able to beat by $3.3 million Craig the US delivering a good proportion of that. I am encouraged though as I said earlier on what we're doing in regards to the expansion overseas. Japan has gone exceptionally well. We did our first cases in China. We're starting to roll out in India and other geographies. I won't go through them all again, but we are encouraged by what we see with regards to that rollout. 
Liam Kelly: Yes. I think as I look at where we see an improvement in an improving environment, first of all, what you have to understand is in 2022 we had a lot of supply chain issues. We had shortages of Tyvek shortages of simple components and so on and so forth. So that's going to drive some of the early improvements that you're going to see. So you should see an improvement in our Vascular business. As you go through 2023 and beyond Vascular grew in the entire year about 1% constant currency. The normal growth for that business is in the mid single digits. I also believe that Interventional Access, we've got a lovely suite of new products coming through in Interventional Access and that's the late blood of that business. And Interventional Access, we would anticipate will continue to accelerate. One of our -- I guess, more than the durable core one of our underappreciated assets is our OEM business. We bought this company called HPC a couple of years ago. It does thin-walled catheters. That on top of the rest of the OEM business has continued to grow in the high single low double digits from a business that historically used to grow around 3% or 4%. So I anticipate that OEM will continue to flourish will continue to accelerate its growth over the LRP and be a real contributor. And never forget it's accretive to our operating margin and will drive that. And obviously, APAC is a key growth franchise for us. We have a lot of products that we are launching into the APAC region that we believe will be very successful there. So those are some of the key areas that I believe will continue to grow. And as I said earlier as we go through the LRP, we would anticipate that Interventional Urology would also improve as we go through the LRP. 
Liam Kelly: So George, as you know it takes two to get married. So we're a willing groom or bride whichever way you want to put us. And it's a question of finding the other party. I will tell you the valuations from the heady days of 2021 have moderated somewhat. And high-quality assets are still not – inexpensive, but that's why they're high-quality assets and those are the assets that we're going after. But you can -- we will remain disciplined George and investors can expect us to remain disciplined. We will look for assets that are accretive to our top line growth. We look for assets that are accretive to our gross margins. We look for assets that will become accretive to our op margins and earnings pretty quickly after we acquire them. We will -- we're very disciplined on our return on capital and getting above our internal cost of capital by at least year five. We've always been able to do that in year four. But the hurdles will remain the same for Teleflex in finding good assets, bringing them into the family and integrating them into Teleflex and obviously, assets that are unique in the marketplace in segments that are growing faster than that core segments within Teleflex.
Liam Kelly: Yes. As we said in our prepared remarks, and as I said a couple of times already, the changes that we're making is we're revising the high-growth bucket and the UroLift component of that high-growth bucket, and we're adding Standard Bariatrics. So that's it. That's correct.
Liam Kelly: Sorry, Tom. Yes. And Matt, I just want to circle back on the Standard Bariatrics question. The difference between pro forma and Standard Bariatrics as is isn't that significant, given that the product is only recently on the market and the growth has been driven by Teleflex, following the training of our sales force. So we've doubled the sales force. So, it isn't that significant, the difference one way or the other, Matt, is what I would tell you.
Thomas Powell: Okay. So for 2023, our guidance is 59 to 59.5 or about five basis points at the midpoint. And for 2023 we expect to realize meaningful margin accretion from the combination of mix price manufacturing cost improvement programs and our footprint restructuring programs. However as we've spoken about in 2022, we continue to expect inflation largely to offset these gains. And additionally we're expecting a modest gross margin headwind from foreign exchange. If we were to look at what are the drivers of the accretion, the largest being the cost improvement programs accounting for some 40% of the positives and then mix price and the footprint about 20% each of the increase. And then as we look at what is offsetting that, it's largely the inflation, which accounts for 80% of the offset. And then as mentioned it's a little bit from foreign exchange as well and some miscellaneous other items. So really it's a story of really good underlying margin expansion opportunities. As we've mentioned we still feel very good about the long-term prospects. However, inflation is having an impact and largely offsetting those nice gains in the underlying business.
Thomas Powell: Yeah. So I'd say there's some pluses and minuses with how foreign exchange comes in and others. But what you should expect is a relatively stable gross margin for the first three quarters and then expect to see some margin expansion or further expansion in the fourth quarter as a result of a higher volume more attractive mix expectation.
Thomas Powell: And then with regard to EPS the $0.60 range, which is a little bit less than 5% top versus bottom. So the drivers that could push us to the top end of the range, would be favorable mix in our sales for the year, as well as inflation staying at a certain level. So if I were to characterize, what would be the swing factor in there, probably the largest swing factors can be foreign exchange rates, which have been proven to be pretty volatile over the past year as well as just where does inflation go. So that's -- those are probably, the two biggest swing factors in the guide. 
Thomas Powell: Well to your point I think as we look at the op margin for 2023, the first point is that just given the inflationary pressures and foreign exchange we're getting a lesser gross margin benefit than we would typically get. So we're starting off with the last benefit from the gross margin. But then, as you look at the OpEx, there's a couple of things that are I guess I would characterize them as structural in that, there are head count-related expenses that we're adding back in – in 2023 that were not there in 2022. Variable compensation was lower than target and there were a number of open positions quite a few that took a while to fill given the tight labor market environment and we're we've filled those positions and we're resetting the variable comp back to 100%. So there's a pretty big structural kind of move as a result of that. Now investments to grow we've got some continued investments behind our high-growth drivers. Expansion into international markets would be one as well as continuing to build out the capabilities of our systems and otherwise in 2023. Now, restructuring does provide a benefit. Part of that is in gross margin, part of it is in OpEx, and some is in 2023 and the balance in 2024 and about two-thirds of that restructuring will benefit 2023. So I would say, overall the biggest impact is just a structural putting the cost back into the OpEx that were not there in 2022. And that's part of the reason why we benefited in 2022 at a higher margin as these costs were not in the cost structure.
Thomas Powell: Sure, Larry. So the driver of the op margin expansion is really going to come from -- largely from the gross margin. And as you break that down, we're expecting continued margin accretion due to mix and price. Additionally, we have the MSA with Medline which ends at the end of 2023 and that adds close to a full point of margin as a result of that. And then, the third area is that, typically, we have enough productivity in our operations to more than offset inflation. That wasn't the case in 2022. That's not the case in 2023. We do expect to see that -- some improvement as we go into 2024 and 2025 on inflation. And as a result operations productivity once again becomes accretive to gross margin versus dilutive in 2022 and 2023. So those are kind of the key drivers of the gross margin. We also expect to see some leverage in the operating margin as a result of increasing revenues allowing us to leverage that cost structure. So if I think about the key components that would be the four points I'd reference.
Thomas Powell: That is existing programs. We have a number of footprint programs that are still finalizing and will be largely done by 2025. And then we introduced a new program in the fourth quarter of 2022 that will be complete by 2024. So everything I spoke about are known and existing programs that frankly we're managing to expectations. 
Thomas Powell: Well, I would say that, as you look at 2023, there's two drivers of the tax rate. One is the change in the tax law related to the capitalization of R&D expenses. We'll start to provide some ability to amortize in 2023. So we have a less of an expense impact as a result of that. And the other driver would be the IT consolidation projects or consolidation projects that we've undertaken will begin to show a higher benefit in 2023. And those benefits will continue throughout the LRP time frame. So you should think about the rate as being sustainable. I would say that there is one caveat in that the EU is currently assessing a minimum tax, if that were to become legislation, that could have an adverse impact on our tax rate.
