Liam Kelly: Thank you, Tom. In closing, while we had some transitory issues that impacted our fourth quarter results, we feel very good about our full year 2017 performance and remain confident about what Teleflex can accomplish in 2018. Let me briefly recap some of the drivers in 2018 as we see them. First, our two scale acquisitions are transforming our organic growth profile. NeoTract is poised to continue driving adoption of UroLift and delivering rapid revenue growth. And Vascular Solutions is poised to accelerate momentum in the business with tailwinds from our go-directs in Europe. Next, we see double digit growth in our Interventional North America segment and accelerated growth over 2017 growth rates in both our Asia and EMEA segments. And lastly, new products are expected to continue building leadership positions in key niche markets and taking share in others. Overall, we believe we are in a great position to deliver a meaningful improvement to our organic constant currency revenue growth rate, demonstrated by our guidance of 5% to 5.5% for the full year. When you combine that with our adjusted EPS guidance of approximately 15% at the midpoint, we believe that makes for a very compelling 2018. That completes my remarks. I would now like to turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A session.
Liam Kelly: Let me start with first part of your question. How do we address this? I think David what happened in the fourth quarter, we see it as predominantly transitory, really our full year guidance calls for a total constant-currency growth of 14.25, 14.75. Within our full year performance for sure, there're puts and takes, NeoTract performed better than expectation as did our smaller M&A and new products continue to show progress, BSI and the core business underperformed modestly, due to two -- and I again say they're transitory events, in all in all our final results were 14.1% constant-currency growth, which was approximately 7.5 million of the shortfall in the middle of our guidance range. In this entirety Dave, we're talking about 30 to 40 basis points on a full year basis and really the drivers of the shortfall are continued destocking by the BSI distributors and also despite a really strong flu season, we see distributors in the United States file less inventory. Both of these, as I said are one-time transitory in nature, and we have seen in the past when U.S. distributors destock, they normally normalize their stocking levels in subsequent quarters. So it's a factor of having 50% of your North American business going through distributor. Now to address your question on the full year and bridging to 2018, the components of our organic constant-currency growth are as follows. We're guiding to 12% to 13%, so if we remove M&A of 7% to 7.5%, on organic, true organic growth of 5% to 5.5%. Vascular Solutions and NeoTract contribute 4.5% to that organic growth resulting in an organic growth of 3.5% to 4% from our core business. Now our growth in 2017 Dave was 3.2%, we have an additional billing day in 2018, which should add 40 basis points, and that gets me to the lower end of my range. Headwinds and tailwind combined like Surgical as the China go-direct and positive pricing from our go-direct really make me feel very comfortable with the guidance range and our ability to achieve it. I would also like to point out that the one-time impacted quarter or revenue have not hold our thinking on 2018 revenue and I really remain very positive on that and a real highlight for me I think was the over performance of NeoTract and I've often said this, that none all of rules is equal. And I continue with that hypothesis the growth that we delivered and areas of our performance, where our higher margin categories such as NeoTrack, our Vascular business unit invest in North America with Vidacare including intra-aortic delivering again over $20 million. So, I think that the future for 2018 looks relatively bright when you feel back the other elements of our organic growth, I would feel it's quite deliverable.
Liam Kelly: Thanks Larry. So, why it occurred given that we had such a strong flu season. It just the timing of as when these distributors would stock up for that flu season. Encouraging thing for me Larry is that we do have a very strong flu season. It's predominantly impacted in our Anesthesia and Respiratory businesses in the fourth quarter. And our expectation is that as it did previously it will come back in 2018. We do see positivity in the first month of 2018 early in the quarter. So I'm poised by that quite frankly, Larry. And the other thing that we did look at in quarter four was to fix our end customer volumes to ensure that there was no -- lots of share in any of these segments. So what we found was there our end customer volumes with trades being demonstrated a solid 5% end customer demand. So in my mind Larry, it almost an elderly has to normalize through the early part of 2018.
Liam Kelly: Okay, so I will start with RePlas, Larry. So, we did meet with the FDA in early January, they meaning was very positive I would say first of all, secondly we're still wining for absolute, as to what the recruitment is to get approval and what that approval would mean. So our anticipation is that the first clinical study would be provisioned with additional bench testing to get approval and that should accelerate having RePlas in the markets from late 2020 to area of that. We’re still waiting more clarity from the FDA that will mean jus military approval or general approval. Personally, Larry, I think it's only likely that they would go for a specific approval for military because it would be hard to a put a wall around this and to stop linkage of the product into other areas in view, but I still for the FDAs going back. We will have the update on this and we should have more clarity by the time we get to our investors day in March. Your second question was around the median lobe and around the median lobe. I think that clinicians as the use the euro products can make their own determination as to whether this is used for a median lobe. Obviously, we cannot promote this for that application. And secondly there is a significant amount of training that we need to do in order to prepare our sales force to be prepared to promote this product for the median lobe. That’s going to take a number of quarters and that’s why we expect, the revenue pick up from this to be a little bit later. In my mind, Larry, one thing that it does remove is an advantaged system of our competitors kind of that they can talk to the physicians and say, our buyers is applicable to median lobe and lateral lobes. So I think that will help our sales force out there in the market place. Your last -- I am taking in reverse order, Larry, I apologize. Your first but I'm addressing last is the launch of UroLift 2. And we're still in pre-market study with that Larry and we will update as soon as we have that completed. And we may once consider given that we've got the train -- sales force in the median lobe, just deleting that a little bit, but will assess that as we go through. We don’t want to overburden this sales force. I want to have them selling this product because it's such a rapidly growing product and we have as we said, plus 40% growth planned in -- at least 40% growth planned for 2018 for NeoTract.
Liam Kelly: Yes, they are linked but not absolutely. So a strong flu facilitates the burn off of the inventory that they preorder. What happens in quarter four, Rich was we anticipated the normal buying that happens for the flu. We experienced it in our Vascular business, but in our Respiratory and Anesthesia business, it didn’t happened. The flu is very strong so that is why I'm pretty confident that buying will happen in 2018, and we firmed off because the flu season is actually at a its more prevalent than last year it's a strong flu than last year, and therefore I would anticipate that we would see this recovery in 2018 as distributors restock the in customer demand as I've said that we've seen in quarter four with substance being at that and the early signs in January would also defend to yourself.
Liam Kelly: So, you would anticipate seeing the recovery in the first half and what we'll be watching closely as the normal a destocking in quarter three. So the normally destocking quarter three for inventory department through, so it may have as it may take it's through three quarters to materialize Richard.
Liam Kelly: Okay, so again I'll start with Percuvance, as I said in my remarks Rich, we anticipate -- we will be these back in the Americas following in the 510k in quarter four so therefore as we don’t have a revenue plans in 2018. We were looking forward to getting back in the markets, resurgent, enthusiasm is still very-very strong, for the products. And we're running the Vascular new products, we're still very encouraged by our new PICC portfolio with our positioning system. Our Medline catheter that has obviously got our folding technology on it to help prevent infection and those and our endurance products, so we have a good bowl of the new products coming through our vascular business that has been to buoy the solid revenues that we've seen within vascular in quarter four and that we anticipate in 2018, and beyond and vascular is one of our stronger margin business units, so having solid growth there, back to my hypothesis not all growth is equal, I think will be very encouraging for us.
Liam Kelly: So, I've starting and then gross margin and then I'll go back to the features Rich. So the gross margin we anticipate -- the current gross margin in the low 70s. We think that once we have fully cannibalized that this has potential to move it into the high 70. Then regarding the features, I feel the features are really around ease of use. So, the new product is ease of use, there's also less waste. And when you consider that the amount of the procedures that are done in the doctors' offices, and DACs with the doctors' offices are on roughly around 60%, having a large volume of waste, is a problem for them, and this will make it a lot of easier for them. For Teleflex, it will help us comply with some of our green initiatives, but also for the customer it will mean less waste in the procedure and less products we held on the shelf, and the product that is actually easier for them to use and it should help them in positioning the system easier when they're delivering the implant.
Liam Kelly: So, as I said earlier when I was talking about our guidance, our total mix versus the mid range of our guidance was approximately 2.5 million, less than half of that came from the North American distributors, more than half came from the EMEA destocking, so that would probably help you. As I look to choosing guidance, and the headwinds and the tailwinds, the tailwinds we had said that the headwinds for the China go direct was approximately 20 basis points in the year 2017, so that we would expect that to come back in 2018. The exit of the surgical business is approximately $8 million to $9 million in the first half of the year, so that's why you see Surgical come back quite stronger in the second half of the year. And then the distributor go-direct, which would be seen in pricing and that would have a better return for than the Surgical destocking and from the best way from the appointment. So you can see why I'm fairly comfortable with the guidance range that I've put out there today.
Liam Kelly: So first of all, I clearly made those comments before we acquired NeoTract, regarding the biggest organic growth opportunities. We still see the macro potential for that in the $300 million and the lot of pent up demand for the product, a lot of enthusiasm for surgeons and we look forward to getting back into the marketplace and what we do get back, we'll reassess the growth trajectory for it. Quite frankly, I think that we were still early in the adoption call for surgeon. I don't see this having a longer term impact on Percuvance and are percutaneous offering in the longer term. The important thing for me is to get back with a very solid product that works and then do the market a little bit like what we did, -- what we're doing with NeoTract today. I'm going to say that the strongest growth opportunities for Teleflex in the next number of years is really NeoTract give them that the growth profile about that asset and given them the fact that it closed much stronger than we expected in quarter four and even with that strong close, obviously that has the jump off point. We haven't changed our, our hypothesis that it should grow by 40% in 2018. So therefore I think in 2018, 2019 and 2020 and beyond, that will be one of the fastest growing organic acids in the Teleflex portfolio for a number of years to come. And based that on the fact that just exclusively when the United States, we've done $125.5 million in 2017 in the addressable market of about $6 billion. We've only begun to penetrate the urologists, we're at the very early stages of that and we've just now got 220 million lives covered. We're almost at the stage where we have full coverage across the United States.
Liam Kelly: Yes, we see we see that momentum as well and we're very encouraging by it Matt. The way we look at this is, we have now trained and converted many of the area the doctors, for this technology. We are now moving into the early majority. We believe, perhaps we're being conservative in our view, but we believe that going deep rather than going wide, and we moved to this area majority meaning potentially take a little bit longer to convert that part of the market, but it’s the most bigger segment of the market and once we do begin to convert it. We see the potential that we accelerate that within the future. So that the view that we have today, that’s the view of the new attractive management team and it's consistent with what they would have pursued themselves the price company before the acquisition, and that has a reason we left that stand along business unit to bring that expertise to bear. And we believe that perhaps it may be somewhat conservative given what we see in the growth rate but right now, we start to see trajectory on that really majority we think that’s an appropriate guidance of at least 40% for 2018.
Liam Kelly: I will start with the distributors and what we would anticipate is to see in the first half given the strong blue, some think of within our Anesthesia and potentially Vascular and respiratory businesses. The really, the cutting point for it will be quarter three where there is normally a destocking. If it burns off the inventory which would be flu season that we’re having, I would anticipate that, that would occur. We would anticipate being a smaller destocking in quarter three. And then again, you're right back into the flu season for the restocking and order forth, so would be depended on what the blue looks like in quarter four. Regarding the customer, the NeoTract question, pardon me. What we see is that coming from existing customers in 2017, 63% of the revenue growth it came from existing customers in 2017 and in order to support this business we have continued to invest within the sales channels. And I know as we were anticipating in having a food sales organization of consultants and associates of approximately 70, we actually went above that in at the end of the year for that group of people. So that we will see so we continue to invest behind it to drawing and accelerate that top line growth, but then to your specific question 63% of the growth was coming from existing customers who in 2017.
Liam Kelly: So, I would start and then I'll pass it over Tom who can give you much more detail on the components of the NeoTract. But in essence, the OpEx is much higher in this business to drive the revenue growth. The leverage for NeoTract really start to kick in 2019 and beyond, and as we have said in the past that we expect $0.35 to $0.40 of ESP accretion in 2019. And Kristen, that's a function of the continued top line growth and then you try to get leverage within the P&L based on the top line growth and the percent of OpEx required to run this business, as a percent of decreases that's why you try to get the leverage. So, the growth that we expect on the top line at least 40%, if we took at 40% we'd be approximately $50 million of growth, but we are investing behind this asset. We are doing registrations in Japan. We're gaining more clinical data. We are recruiting educators were trending on the median lobe, we're adding to the sales force in order to continue the hyper growth that we've seen. And I'll ask Tom to add any other color that he would like.
Liam Kelly: So we've already actually even in quarter four accelerated investments within the sales organization to drive to top line growth. We're still early in the adoption curve. We would obviously at the time making assessment, but I am inclined to continue to invest in a productive state of channel driving a low 70s gross margin products. But we'd be thoughtful on that and take a balanced approach to delivering shareholder return and securing the long-term growth of the NeoTract portfolio.
Liam Kelly: Nothing, new David, this is ongoing. When I spoke in quarter three, I was not anticipating having to re-file the 510k, and that directly what's changed our thinking is the fact that we have to re-file our 510k, which means putting together significant dossiers and doing a filing to the FDA.
Liam Kelly: So, I'll go back to the history in 2016 there were approximately 50 sales reps, at the end of the year between neurology consultants and associates, we actually thought we'd end up with 70, we went modestly over 70, we continue to see that cadence of as in reps and associates in 2018 to drive the growth.
Liam Kelly: We have done it before and when we have done it before, Matt, we've been dealing with Teleflex contracts. In this instance, we were dealing with Vascular contracts, which added some additional complexity unfortunately and calls a bigger impact then we were expecting. Turning to the VSI growth and almost all of the headwinds in VSI had been in the EMEA because of these go direct, so I am going to give you a number without the EMEA with the global growth on a full year basis Matt which is probably a better indicator then doing that, and that is 10%. And the other comment I would make is that the Interventional North American business that we have merged with VSI also grew about 12% organically in 2017. And that is being sold by the same sales organization to sell VSI. So that’s why we are reasonably confident on the double-digit growth, we've got the go-direct in 2018, we've got the go-direct become a tailwind, we got a motivated sales force, our excluding EMEA, the overall business is growing in that double-digit range. And once we have the EMEA, transitory issues behind us, we think that we are setup for success in 2018 and beyond.
Liam Kelly: Okay, with freeze-dried, we have enough capacity, we believe to supply the military demand all with the next four five years. So, as we bring on commercial demand and this is dependent on the FDA clearance, we should have enough capacity to carry through 2.5 to 3 years in the ballpark. We are moving constantly has said that, as we roll the product out, but I think we have enough capacity Matt, and it's not something we are concerned about, in the near to near to medium term. And on the tax rate, I let Tom, sorry Tom.
Liam Kelly: So, Mike, it's Liam here. Normally, we would expect a lower OpEx on any sales that you sell in respecting to a military call points just because of their structure. And we already had a channel in the EMS sector because our Vidacare portfolio. So that should also help. We haven't finalized pricing for the product yet, so it's really hard for me to comment and gross margins. We're very focused on getting the accelerated pathway and the approval and then we will -- once we have that we will enter into negotiations on what the price points of this product will get.
Thomas Powell: Okay, so David, as you point out, we do see a tax reform being a nice benefit for us versus NeoTrat expectations as we think about 2018 as Teleflex has become a more complex organization as a result of our recent acquisitions and growth, you know, there are some investment areas that we want to put some money towards to continue to build out our capabilities. We think the numbers of these are investments that will serve us well into the future. So we are reinvesting some of that tax savings. As far as the rate going forward, we've got a couple of things going on. First of all, as more and more of our income is generated from some of the recent acquisitions that could put some unfavorable mix in our tax rate as a result of having more US based income. Now with that being said, we're in early stages of assessing the recent tax reform regulations and it's, our expectation that we'll continue to work through those regulations in the coming months, to try and identify additional areas for planning. So as we think about the rate, I think it's a good baseline to start with, with the expectation that, that mix will be unfavorable in the coming years given more income in the US, but you know, we'll, we'll look to find opportunities to offset that with the future tax planning ideas.
Thomas Powell: So, with any given year makes certainly the factor and in this area we got a pretty high growth profile going on with NeoTract. I'd say that pushes the upper end of the range and you’re looking for stronger growth in some of the higher margin products about frame level. I wouldn’t say that necessarily there is anything that we envision right now that’s going to cause us to not the headed right towards the middle of that range. So nothing extraordinary that would need to occur this to get there. And again you get the upper end of the range its more growth in the higher mix products, on margin products excuse me.
Thomas Powell: Well, Kristen, as we think about it, initially our expectation was growth of approximately 40% for 2018 and now based on the strength, so I think it's at least 40%. For the extent that we do see those revenues growing at a higher level and initially expecting, we should expect to see a little bit of the EPS accretion coming through. But right now again we're not modeling that higher level of growth, so our guidance is based on that 40% level.
Thomas Powell: And then with regards to the windfall in the tax rate, so certainly last year, annuity in terms of the change in the accounting, so we monitored how that went throughout the year and we pushing it in our plan for this year, we included in the estimated, both for the restricted shares that are vesting or the restriction lapsing, as well as an estimate for stock options and that’s based on historical exercise as well as just looking at the number of options out there and available. So, in 2018 the level is slightly elevated from what we saw in 2017 and that’s been included into our tax rate.
Thomas Powell: Well first of all, you did hear it correctly and I think that with given any quarter, there is variability and that’s why we managed to a full year number. Now as we specifically look at the first quarter, couple of things going on, first of all, there is one pure shipping day in the quarter and then as you start to look at the seasonalization of both near track and after solutions operating profit, you start to see some good acceleration sequentially, quarter in quarter out, so we are seeing as more and more growth as the year progresses, so obviously Q1, having a least. Additionally, when you look at the interest expense headwinds for the year, there is a $0.55 headwind and if you look by quarter, the greatest headwind is in the first quarter, about $0.27, so that $0.55 just given how we put debt in the last year to finance the acquisitions, we have got more of a headwinds until we start to anniversary those debt issuances. Now I will say that the first quarter it's been benefited by having a full quarter faster solutions where last year it had have. So those are some of the big moving pieces, in addition last year was a pretty busy year and as a result were distracted from a number of projects, they are studying out the year with a lot of enthusiasm and getting a lot of projects up and running. So those were be the key factors that I would point too.
