Benson F. Smith: So the overall answer really is we have an additional day in the back half and we have some new products that have already been launched in the first half that start to contribute. And I'll turn it over to Tom to give you some more specifics around those points.
Benson F. Smith: So our operational income expectations right now are exactly the same place they were when we issued our guidance. So we expect operational performance to come in at exactly the same number. There is a modest benefit that comes from the adjustment that we're making, but not enough to take us outside the range.
Benson F. Smith: So I'll repeat a comment I made last quarter, and that is the underlying instructions that each of our regions have is not to be aggressive with price to the point that it puts volume at risk. In this particular quarter, the -- most of the pricing decline that came in China came from a decision to lower the price on a clip applicator so that we would get those placed in more hospitals and sell more clips. We took the hit on price for the applicators but we'll see the revenue in future quarters come in from the clips. So -- and I use that as an example. Most of these changes in our estimates from quarter-to-quarter are really around very unique circumstances. Last quarter, it happened to be Europe. We were able to recover relatively nicely in Europe in the quarter and I would say the same thing is true as we look through the last half of the year in Asia. We expect improved pricing in Asia to come out. So -- and as I said last quarter, as we move further into next year, more and more of our pricing comes from increasing prices to distributors, as opposed to end users. And we have a high level of confidence of being able to achieve that.
Benson F. Smith: So I would say comments on utilization, well, there's probably more publicity about what's going on in the United States. There's lower utilization trends in Europe and lower utilization trends in Japan as well. Our assumption is that they stay -- that these utilization trends stay at about the same level they are now, which is in negative territory for the balance of the year. Our ability to take share, launch new products and get price doesn't seem to be impacted by those declines in utilization. So those are sort of the baseline assumptions in hitting our new revenue guidance line.
Benson F. Smith: Yes, so that's a good question. And I would say, we have no magic crystal ball. Personally, over the last 4 weeks, I visited with most of the largest GPOs in the United States. And I would say, they don't have a good explanation for the lower utilization trends. They were as surprised as much as anyone else. So I can't say that we know for sure what's going to happen, whether they're going to improve or that anybody else knows that they're not going to decline. The best we can do is really peg our growth rates on top of what we think the utilization rates are likely to be at this point in time. They've been relatively consistent that, that minus 3% level throughout the year. So that's sort of the core that's driving that assumption. But we don't have a magic crystal ball here to be able to say for sure what's going to happen to utilization rates.
Benson F. Smith: So I'll take a stab at this. The biggest, I think, improvement that we can make in our product offering over the next 6 months is the ability to package our Stylet with our antimicrobial and antithrombogenic PICC. Right now, there's some product modifications that we need to undergo so that the Stylet will fit comfortably within that product. So right now, the very best PICC we have that's receiving some attention doesn't marry well with the Stylet to the VPS unit. Once that obstacle is removed, we're pretty confident that we're going to see some upward trends in PICC conversions as a result of VasoNova placements.
Benson F. Smith: So I would say that the best answer to that, Larry, is what you've seen from us over the past 2 years is what you can probably expect at least over the next 1.5 years. We still see some very attractive technology additions that we can make, Eon Surgical being a good example of something that occurred this quarter. And we've got some other things that we're looking at during the balance of the year. And we remain quite alert to other sort of LMA-type opportunities. It's very hard to predict whether they materialize or not, but our appetite for that remains pretty consistent with what it has been over the last 2 years.
Benson F. Smith: Yes, I would say we're well on track, certainly in -- for 2013, where we expected to be, and as we've indicated, we're performing a little ahead of that and actually expect that trend to continue. At this point, we're still in the process of quantifying some of the 2014 accretion and still have the opinion that it's going to be higher than what we initially thought of it. Because some things are moving a little faster than what we had in our planning process. So I guess the bottom line is my remarks sort of remain unchanged from what they were on last quarter's call.
Benson F. Smith: Yes. So the short answer to that question, Chris, is really, no. The majority of the improvement that we need to make to get to those longer-term gross margin numbers and operating margin numbers are not particularly revenue sensitive. They have more to do with changes that we're making in our operational footprint and again, are not appreciably revenue dependent. Now more revenue helps but we don't expect utilization softness to be an interference with our ability to make those improvements. And excuse me, I forgot the second half of your question.
Benson F. Smith: Well, as an overall statement, I would say, I feel a greater sense of confidence in our ability to get there just based on the details and issues that have been addressed. We've been putting more and more meat on the bones in terms of exactly how we're going to get there and what the timetable is. So if anything has happened in the confidence factor in our getting there, it's gone up as opposed to gone down over the last quarter.
Benson F. Smith: So there are different drivers there. OEM benefited last year considerably by a Pebax shortage. We happened to have it on hand and that resulted in a lot of orders for those products well in advance of our end customers real need. So it was a benefit to us to last year, probably inflated the OEM numbers somewhat last year. And this year, simply as a comparison, this year to last year, it looks negative. Now on top of that, there is some softness in our end customers' utilization rates for some products that is contributing to that a little bit, and that's really due to some utilization decline. Our expectation is that most of that Pebax issue is behind us and as we look at the balance for the year, it's going to be more favorable. Respiratory therapy is perhaps one of the products that is generally used by lots of hospital patients. And that probably has had a greater impact from downward trends in utilization than other product areas. In fact, if you look at our surgical numbers, they're up quite nicely. So where we've gotten products in really strong niches that are non-postponable, we continue to see good growth out of those segments. So those are the answer for respiratory and OEM.
Benson F. Smith: So we expect a good gross margin improvement in the LMA product line, yes, and I can't be more specific about the details on that.
Thomas E. Powell: Okay. Well, we do see it similar to the math you just laid out. And as Benson mentioned, we have an extra shipping day just how our days are calendarized during the year. And that, we expect to add about 120 basis points of growth by itself. But then in addition, we have a number of items, none of them by themselves are all that significant but, collectively, they do support the growth. And I'll just highlight a number of those. First of all, as mentioned, we acquired Ultimate during the year, which will add revenues in the back half of the year. We also had a number of new products coming out. I think Benson highlighted a number of the key ones. And that will add some fairly significant growth in the back half. We also had acquired EFx, EZ-Blocker, Hotspur and we expect, as those businesses continue to ramp up, we'll get more revenue growth out of them in the back half of the year versus the first half. We also have a distributor go-direct strategy that's aiding our revenues a little bit. And then a number of one-off issues that really benefit the back half of the year versus the first half, and I'll enumerate a couple of bigger ones. In 2012, there was a customs strike in Brazil that we don't expect to reoccur this year, and so it somewhat helps with an easy comparable. We also had some import restrictions being imposed by the government of Argentina and we're trying to see those loose, then we have some belief that we may get some additional benefit in the back half. And then we had a distributor who was adjusting stocking levels down in the first half, that now has kind of reached that new point and we expect those revenues to continue as normally as would be expected. And also, we're likely to get a little bit of benefit from the euro in the third quarter as a result of just last year's exchange rate, I think, being around EUR 1.25. Have some negativity from the yen likely. But overall, I expect all of these different matters to add up to support the stronger second half that we've got projected.
Thomas E. Powell: Yes, so one way to think about it is, if you go back to when we first communicated earnings for the year, back in December at our Analyst Day, we had assumed a dilution from the converts sent from the warrants of $0.11. And as a result of this change, we're going to be taking out the dilution associated with the converts because we're now going to be counting the hedge agreement, which essentially offsets that dilution. However, we still have the dilution associated with the warrants. And if stock price stays at today's level, that's probably about $0.04. If it increases a little bit, it might be a $0.06 of dilution. So net-net, we see this change as, perhaps, generating a net $0.05 benefit versus our initial kind of guidance expectations. And so we didn't see that as being meaningful enough to cause us to change our guidance range at all on EPS. However, as Benson mentioned, we do want to reiterate that our underlying business performance is still very much on track with our initial expectations. While revenue is softer than planned, as discussed, we've enacted a number of cost-savings measures and we've also seen some greater performance out of LMA than initially expected. And some of the productivity initiatives that we're putting in place are really starting to drive some performance improvements. So overall, I think the headline is that operating performance is largely on track with our expectations at the beginning of the year.
Thomas E. Powell: On the gross margin line, we feel comfortable that gross margin will be kind of that 50% level that we achieved in the second quarter, perhaps a little bit higher as we get into the fourth quarter. On the operating margin line, we had a pretty solid performance in the second quarter and that's going to be tough to replicate throughout the whole year. But we do see improved performance over what we'd see in the first quarter, perhaps not quite at the level that we saw in the second quarter on the operating margin line.
Thomas E. Powell: So I think right now, Kaila, I think we're approximately still seeing the same type of pull-through on additional PICC revenue that we've stated in the past. I believe that our prior statements refer to somewhere around, call it, a 30%-or-so pull-through rate on additional PICC product revenue associated with VPS sales, and I think that, that's still in line.
Thomas E. Powell: So, Jim, I think it was just a slight reduction there from the initial expectations once we looked at it as part of the reforecast process, but nothing material there.
Christopher C. Cooley: Question for you, Benson. Just looking at the results here to date, and the leverage you've been able to realize through the P&L, and as you see the mix starting to kind of ramp. We see these newer products and LMA ahead of expectations, a little bit on integration. Could you revisit for us this morning your long-term objectives? In particular, how you think about the business from a margin structure? Has that changed at all, in light of the current environment post the analyst meeting at the end of last year? And then I have just 1 quick follow-up thereafter.
Christopher C. Cooley: That's fine. What I just wanted to get is basically if you feel like you can still obtain the margin targets there? And then...
Christopher C. Cooley: Makes sense. And if I could, just 1 quick follow-up and I'll get back in queue. When you look at the second quarter results, respiratory and OEM both down, 6.5% and 11%, respectively, was there any -- could you kind of parse out that decline for us between volume? Or was there anything structural there in terms of like a contract shift, depletion of the product? Just kind of curious about getting a little bit of color behind both of those declines.
