Liam Kelly: Thanks, Tom. In closing, we delivered solid fourth quarter results as our diversified portfolio showed continued improvement relative to the second and third quarters of the year on both the top and bottom lines. Excluding the impact of COVID, we see our underlying business performance as encouraging and while the next several quarters still will have elements of uncertainty, we remain confident in our ability to execute in 2021 and are up and we'll continue to focus on serving our hospital customers and working with our key stakeholders. We are excited about the prospects for our business. We have several revenue drivers including UroLift, Manta, Z-Medica, PICC, Vidacare, EZPlaz and HPC to name but a few. We will manage the business prudently while staying focused to capitalize on the long-term potential of our global product portfolio. In closing, I want to thank our 14,000 employees around the world who continue to manufacture, distribute and support products that are required in the fight of COVID-19 and who came together exemplifying our culture and core values by staying true to our purpose to improve the health and quality of people's lives. As an organization, we remain well positioned to create value for all our stakeholders. That concludes my prepared remarks. Now I would like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Liam Kelly: And I think, David, if I just could add one comment on the topline guidance, we took a fairly prudent approach we believe to our guidance. September not seems a long time ago but when we identify the potential risk of the increasing COVID cases that had an impact in quarter 4, and in hindsight that was the correct call. Now we were a little bit on an island back then. But most of the market has come around, similarly with the uncertainty still remaining, we have been thoughtful as we look at our 2021 guidance. Some people might say, it's a little bit conservative to expect a recovery in the back half of the year, but I would prefer to be conservative right out of the gaze and to your point if we show it to be overly conservative that should also have an impact not only on revenue but on earnings per share for sure.
Liam Kelly: Your math is good. As the impact of COVID, it grew by at 33% and we were really pleased with the performance of UroLift. You got to put it in the context of what happened in the fourth quarter, David. We saw new variance of COVID, we saw COVID cases rising, we saw procedures getting canceled and quite frankly we were really pleased that we actually exceeded modestly, our internal expectations for the product. And I think it had a really tough comp 2 versus the prior year. If you remember last year we grew quite aggressively in the fourth quarter, I think it was up 52% in Q4. So, coming up against a tough comp, I think that was also a factor. And my own view on this is that with the rise in cases, I would have expected UroLift to miss our --. I believe that it didn't do so because of the offset of the DTC which supplemented that. So, I think we're in a pretty good shape with UroLift in regards to the recovery and we feel really confident of where we're at with it.
Liam Kelly: Okay. So, start with the revenue at Japan. Larry, the revenues in Japan are minimal in our guide for UroLift. We do still anticipate that we will get a reimbursement decision as we head into Q2, Q3 and therefore be generating revenues in Japan, but it's fairly minimal within our within our current guide. What we would expect to see, Larry, and as you heard from Tom's prepared remarks with the cadence of revenue in Q1 that would lead you to the overall company revenue being that minus 1, minus 2-ish percent in Q1 because we've seen a rising number of cases after the holidays in January, that continued into February and UroLift would be in the similar bucket. So, the growth that we had in Q4 should be a little bit less in Q1, then you should see a continued recovery as we go into Q2 and Q3 and Q4, thereafter. The UroLift product does have an easier comp in Q2, but every Medtech companies is an easier comp in Q2. So, I think the rubber really hit the road, if I can use that expression, we get into Q3 and Q4 and we begin to ramp back up, COVID cases should be subdued, the vaccine should be rolled out at that stage and we should at that stage, then begin to ramp back up and I think it's, given that the product was flat year-over-year pretty much in 2020 to get an excess of that 30% growth back and that would also indicate that 30% growth on 2019 as well, Larry. So, are in excess, 30% growth versus 2019.
Liam Kelly: The beauty by doing a BLA submission, Larry, is that you get access to both civilian and military market. Now we start with the military in 2021 for sure because as you know they helped us develop the product and normal BLA submission is 9 months- approximately were on a fast track. Now, the FDA never tell you when the fast track ends and again in the area of prudence, we have incredibly modest revenue in the 4th quarter of this year for this product and we do expect it to ramp in 2022. Now, to answer your question on the cadence, it's a $100 million market. The military is $25 and so in 2022 will be focused on that military market and again I always caution investors, don't expect the military to place a $10 million order right out of the gate. It would be significantly, significantly less than but as we develop the market and as they roll it out it through special ops, through the CEOs into the general military, then we can pivot to the civilian market. And actually the biggest part of the civilian market, Larry, air ambulances because of the requirements for space and the adaptability of EZPlas to that environment and that's also something that was quite encouraging when we relooked at this market, that it's really two big segments, and then the rest are smaller segment. So, it's easier for us to focus. So, that's how we see it ramping as we go through ' 21 and into '22.
Liam Kelly: So, what we've done, Matt, is that we have already preceded the market with market development specialists in Japan and we continue to engage. We've identified the top 20 urologists. Pre-COVID, we actually had a U.S. physician that spoke to Japanese in the country doing some peer to peer training. We also ran a virtual a BPH Summit and had a number of these 20 Japanese urologists. It came it to Reagan's trickle-down economics, but this is a trickle down urologists in Japan where we train at the top of the tree and these 20 our key that we've identified in order then to roll it out to the other urology practices and we have to do a mandated collection of data as part of our reimbursement. So, we will be doing that in the fourth quarter to gather that information and we are really enthusiastic and the other thing that is within our control, Matt, is to add additional sales reps. Now, we take the timing, it is going to work out really, really well for us because, Japan is another America where they are managing the buyers quite well now and they're starting to roll out the vaccine. So, we think as we get into Q3, Q4, we will be requiring access to train. We think the timing is going to work out pretty well for us and give us pretty broad access to the individuals we want to train. So, we did a pretty good about the ground work we've done to date, and we feel pretty good about the identification of the urologists that we need to train and there is a heightened level of knowledge about the UroLift because a lot of these Japanese urologists are very linked to the U.S. Urology Association. So, there is a heightened awareness of the product's availability and a desire to gain access to it. And once we get reimbursement, I think that's when we will really begin to ramp up our efforts.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So, just remember there aren't many urologists. So, you would imagine it's going to be a little bit less, and also the market is a little bit smaller. And there are specialties in urology practice in Japan. So, if you take the 9,000 urologists, you'd have to imagine that about 5,000 or so are in the specialty we want to. So, that is less than half of what you have in the U.S. So, bear that in mind with the cadence, but in light of that data that's what I would expect a similar cadence and so if we train 400 to 500 in the U.S., you'd expect to train and half of that once you ramp up in Japan.
Liam Kelly: So Erin, first of all, as Tom said in these commentary. We had a brilliant 4th quarter from the point of view of cash generation and deleveraging. So, we're down below 3 times again, on a net leverage basis. The type of assets first of all, the strategic element of our M&A strategy, our assets that fit within one of our existing channel portfolios are in alliance space. I mean we really like the cath lab for example. So, if we were to move into the neurovascular or peripheral vascular space in that similar call point that would be something that would be attractive. We also like technology that have IP, Z-Medica that we just closed, the IP runs out to 2033. So, that's, we like to protect the businesses. We look for assets that have a clinically differentiated product portfolio. We look for assets that create value in healthcare economics are in synergies in that respect. We also look for products that are sticky but we called sticky that get used over and over again, and again in the Interventional space, in the Vascular space, in the anesthesia emergency medicine space, in the men's health space and in the surgical space, so I think that's the beauty about Teleflex is we are looking in a broad area of places that's why we define these assets and also we're very disciplined in our approach and you can expect us to be continue to be disciplined. I can tell you, our pipeline is pretty full in this environment even in the midst of COVID. It is amazing to me how we're able to get some work done and we were able to close Z-Medica in the midst of COVID and now we're down below 3 and that would be even further reduced as we move through this year. So, we have got firepower and we are always looking and we continue to look right now.
Liam Kelly: So, if you look at 2020. We converted at just over 5% of the market and we're contemplating converting 8% of the market approximately in 2021. So, that's the cadence that -that is in the midst of COVID. But I mean the trends we're seeing is it's being adopted pretty heavily in TAVR procedures, almost 90% of our cases today are still done in TAVR and that's the area, we're focused on. It's a $200 to $300 million market opportunity and we continue to ramp it up and we continue to have sales resources allocated to it and we're also planning to do some clinical work on the product and there are some enhancements that we also want to do on the product to make it even better than it is today. So, all in all we're really encouraged by the progress that we're making and we expect to continue to make progress in this year and into next year, this will be a multi-multi-year growth driver for Teleflex, and as we convert that market we a long runway ahead of us to convert.
Liam Kelly: So yes, first on your backlog question. In the 4th quarter, we started-you may note it included in our assessment of the COVID impact, Anthony, just to be clear, when we assess the COVID impact, the next COVID, it grew by 335% included in that our procedures above the base rate calculation on the year before 2019. So, quarter 4 cancellations above that base rate if you were to put a value on it is around $4 million bucks. So, that might give you an indication of that backlog that those cancelled procedures should come back at some stage when things free up and those are procedures that were booked- the patient was due to have the UroLift procedure done and then either the day before or on the day they cancelled the procedure, one would have to assume because of concern over COVID. So, that's the best benchmark. I can give you in that regard. What was the other part of your question? Anthony, I apologize.
Liam Kelly: Nothing to report really. Same competitors are in the marketplace. I mean we have now crossed the 250,000 patient mark that have been treated with the UroLift which is a big milestone for us. The other big milestone for us it was an all-time high revenue in the 4th quarter. We've never hit that revenue and you hit that in the midst of a rising COVID pandemic where situation, got a lot worse to me is very encouraging. So, nothing to report new on the competitive front, Anthony.
Liam Kelly: Matt, thank you very much for the question and it really comes down to when do you assume that you're going to see recovery from COVID. Now, we could have been more aggressive in our guidance and assumed that we will begin to see recovery from COVID in Q2. I don't think it's anything to do with volume versus price, versus all the other components, Matt, quite frankly, it's all down to COVID and it's all down to the assumption that you make on COVID. So, if we were to be more aggressive and we would assume going to assume we're going to see a recovery in Q2 as I've heard from some of our peers that they have I think, it would be a more robust revenue story and therefore more robust earning story. As I said to the question, I think David asked-we've tried to be a little bit more prudent and perhaps a little bit more conservative. We still see it's going to be quite choppy as you go through Q1 and Q2. And don't forget the COVID cases in January and early February were much worse than they were in December and late November. And so that's the gating factor, Matt, is your assumption on when COVID is going to recover. And if you look at it and sometimes people want to go back to 2019 and if you look at the back half of 2019, compared to 2021 we're back in that normal, long-term guidance range for Teleflex in the back half '21 versus '19 and again it's all about the assumption-if you assume you're going to recover in Q2 and be aggressive, your revenues is greater. If you assume the back half of the year, your revenue is going to be a little bit less, but you have some conservatism built in and obviously we'll update the investment community when we get to our Q2 earnings release as to what we've seen in that quarter and if it's better, good for investors, great for Teleflex and so on so forth.
Liam Kelly: So, I think what you might see happening, Matt, is that the requirements for MDR are significantly burden on someone companies and what you might see, is it be particularly burden on small companies. Now there are a lot of smaller med-tech companies in Europe that I think are going to struggle to continue to comply with MDR and they have to meet the same standards, naturally enough as a larger company like Teleflex. So, 2 things either going to happen. I think those individuals will either decide they don't want to be in particular space is anymore, which will create opportunities for the larger companies or you will see consolidations and M&A opportunities to buy up some of these smaller organizations within Europe. And as you know Teleflex is a serial acquirer, and we will look to take those opportunities as they arise.
Liam Kelly: Yes, absolutely. So, first of all I'll answer the last part of the first. They will share in the same sales force, Matt. And we are combining the Z-Medica and the Teleflex sales force together and that gives us an opportunity to have an even stronger sales force in this channel in order to help us accelerate both Z-Medica and Vidacare and EZPlas when it becomes available. The time that it took for the BLA submission, Matt, was really driven by the fact that this was unchartered waters for both the FDA and for Teleflex. The FDA had never previously approved a biologic of this nature. So, it was unchartered territory for them and for us. And therefore, it took a significant amount of time for them to get through their assessment as we fed them information because to their credit, they work with us, they allowed us to submit partial information as part of the BLA submission. So, that's what allowed us to give them some information, get some feedback, give them more information, get some feedback, and finally, we got the submission done in January. Now why I would think that it should take less than the nine months is number one, we're on a fast track and number two is that had all the clinical data and given us the feedback on the clinical data. We've already given them a significant bolus of data before we submitted the final BLA submission. So, they've had a significant amount of data from us. So, therefore that should help in their assessment and they have also been very cooperative in working with us and the military in moving this through the BLA submission. So, all of those factors would lead me to be quite encouraged by a reasonable timeframe, less than the nine months to get this approved. Excellent. Thank you. Your next question comes from Mike Matson with Needham & Company.
Liam Kelly: There is. Mike. Now in the military to 25 million is the majority of that is in the U.S. but there is a portion overseas and of course the civilian market is a global number. So, out of 100 million needs a global number, not just a U.S. number and again it's the same criteria overseas. It's the air ambulances and the military. But as most people would be aware, the U.S. military is one of the more active and larger military organizations on the planet, and therefore it commands a significant portion of that $25 million addressable market.
Liam Kelly: So, I'm very pleased to report, and I think I mentioned in my opening remarks, but the our PICC business in the quarter grew almost 20%. Mike. So, we continue to take share and we continue to be really thoughtful as we grow that business because of our coating technology that allows us to take share from the competitors there. And in a very short period of time of three years, we've moved from being the number three player to being the number two player and we continue to grow aggressively in that space.
David Lewis: Great. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question, just one on guidance and then a follow-up for Liam on Urology. So, Tom, just to you two little small things on guidance here. Your topline, obviously you've kind of bit of low in the street but you're bracketing the street in bottom line. Assuming that reflects FX and Z-Medica. But can you sort of bridge us there a little bit because it's certainly reflect some opportunity on recovery and then what are you assuming in terms of recovery here as we head into March, now that we're at the end of February? And then a quick one from Liam sure.
David Lewis: I'm sorry Tom, you're kind of guiding below the position in the top and in line with the street in bottom and I'm assuming that's more FX and Z-Medica financing, but obviously it reflects a lot of room on earnings. I just want to see if you could bridge stay a little bit, make sure that's accurate.
David Lewis: Okay, super helpful. And then Liam just coming back here to Urology in NeoTract area. The COVID adjusted number for the third quarter is something around sort of 30% which is obviously a little lower than you saw in the second and third quarter. And I appreciate there's a lot of noise in these numbers with COVID, but if I think about sort of that 30% number for the fourth quarter, then I also think about the adding benefit of DTC offsets by resurgence. How should I think about that 30% adjusted number relative to the sort of 40% to 45% numbers we saw in the second and third quarter? Just help us understand underlying momentum and how you see that business into 2021. Thanks so much.
Thomas Powell: So, as we built out our plan for 2021, our assumption is that we see levels in the marketplace in the first and second quarter somewhat similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter and then we expect to follow that recovery beginning in the third quarter, back to what we'd consider more normalized procedure levels in revenue growth rates. And then maybe just help me on the first part of the question again.
Thomas Powell: Well, I think that is the way to look at it that as we look at the guidance it does incorporate FX, Z-Medica into our guidance as well as some of the other factors that we've talked about.
Thomas Powell: If you just think about that EPS bridge when we look at the components of our growth, the growth is really coming from the strength of the operating performance. If you kind of bundle up the change in interest, taxes, shares and foreign exchange. They come pretty close to us to a wash. And then obviously you have a 25 cent pickup from Z-Medica. So, really as you think about what's driving that. It is the underlying performance of the business with kind of the non-operating items being close to wash in the aggregate.
