Thomas E. Powell: Okay. Well, you're right. So, as we think about 2015, we have a number of drivers queued up that are going to move us towards where we want to be. Restructuring, certainly is one part or the footprint consolidation as we also referred to it as one part, but not everything. So, as we think about it, we talked about the combination of the footprint restructuring in operating efficiency programs delivering about 130 basis points of growth on a full-year basis. The majority of that is actually coming from operating efficiency. And there's really two components to that. One is a number of programs that we kicked off in 2014 and realized some of the benefit and as we closed out the year, we're going to pick up more of that benefit as we go into 2015. And also, we have another slate of projects that are scheduled for 2015. So, those initiatives will drive the majority of that operations efficiency. Footprint consolidation, we'll have some savings. So, we've got some one-time cost that we won't add back that will offset some of that. The majority of the footprint savings really kick in, in 2016 and 2017. And that's been kind of our plan all along. In addition to the ops efficiency, we also are expecting to realize gains from both the acquisition of Mini-Lap, as well as the (44:40). And collectively, they count for about 70 basis points of margin improvement. And those are already completed. So those are – we're fairly confident on those. And then, we're also expecting to get another 70 basis points coming out of mix. About half of that is coming from Vidacare and the continued growth coming from the investment we're placing in that product line. So those are the kind of the key legs to the growth story on margin. We also have got some benefits that come from oil pricing, although we're not expecting or not projecting as perhaps a bigger benefit as some others. So, as we think about it, really it comes down to driving the operations efficiency projects that we've got queued up, as well as realizing the benefits from mix and the distributor conversions.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah. So let me just clarify what I talked about on the tax line. We had actually achieved a tax rate for the full year of about 19.9%, I think was the adjusted tax rate. And included in that were a number of one-time or non-recurring benefits. And so, once you strip those out, we are more in the 21.5%, 21.7% range on what we consider a normalized rate. And so, what I was talking about is that we're going to bring our tax rate down in 2015 from that normalized rate to a level of 20% to 21%, but recognize the actual rate we posted in 2014 was 99%. So if anything, we're at parity, perhaps a little negative. And we may get some benefit if they reinstate the R&D tax credit as we go into the next year. But as we think about what can be driving 2015, we think about it in a number of buckets in terms of what's going to be driving those earnings. And so, as I think about it, I've got about $1 worth coming from what I'll consider to be kind of core and revenue-related and that's been kind of our core revenue growth of 3.2% mix in pricing. We're also picking up another $0.25 to $0.30 coming out of acquisitions and distributor-to-direct conversions. And in operations, if I combine the impact of the footprint and the operations productivity, you're talking another $0.35 to $0.40. And then, we've got some pretty aggressive planning around the SG&A lines to make sure we're driving out of the budget as much of the discretionary spending as possible, as well as some restructuring of the EMEA country organizations last year that will provide a benefit into this year as we capture those full savings. We also reorganized our Anesthesia and Respiratory sales forces to actually bring them closer to the customer and in doing so, we're able to drive some efficiency there. And then we've got some continued savings as we fully integrate Vidacare and the Australia distributors and Mayo that add about another $0.40 of earnings. So, as we think about it, there is a number of drivers that are going to get us to that earnings level in 2015.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah. So, we estimate the extra selling day in the fourth quarter to be around 62 basis points related to revenue and about $0.08 of earnings, if I recall the earnings impact.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah. So, we have very conservative numbers in our plan for the rollout of the microlaparoscopic line. We certainly didn't want to put a budget together that had a lot of risk in what's an unknown product. We will be, again, having a soft product launch beginning first quarter, I think actually when we get to the Analyst Day, we'll have a much better insight in terms of what the adoption rate is going to look like and that will also determine the sales investment we put behind the product as well. So, it's a relatively conservative expectation this year. We're delighted that we're going to be able to put this rollout into place faster than we thought initially going into the year, but I think we'll have just a lot more information in our plans to spend some time on this certainly at the analyst meeting later in the spring.
Thomas E. Powell: So, our CVC business is taking an uptick. I think we've seen some improvements in our respiratory therapy marketplace. In fact for the most part, almost across the board in our U.S. based businesses, we've seen some improvements and again that's been helped enormously by 11 new GPO and IDN contracts that we closed just in the fourth quarter alone.
Thomas E. Powell: So you should expect to see a building gross margin as the year progresses. As a lot of these cost improvement programs are put into place and we start to realize those benefits. But to Benson's point, on the footprint per se, you're going to get an added bump in the fourth quarter as we start to realize some of those benefits from that action. So, it's kind of two different things happening. The cost improvements are ratable throughout the year and then at the close, a bump from the footprint.
Thomas E. Powell: So, on the interest expense, I think our average interest rate is right around 5.1% is our assumption. And I think a good way to think about that is if you take the third and the fourth quarter kind of spend rate, that's what you should expect to continue into 2015 because that will reflect the capital structure in place. And then in terms of our shares, we're expecting about a 600,000 share increase, in part due to normal equity grants and whatnot and in part due to the dilution associated with the converts. We're expecting that to be around $44 million, maybe $44.5 million is kind of the general range you should be thinking.
Thomas E. Powell: Just give us a second. We're just trying to dig up the data. I think it's about, call it, maybe about 4% give or take, $4 million. $4 million.
Thomas E. Powell: And we have been using that overseas cash for a number of these distributor conversions. So aside from something larger on the M&A front, as we look at these distributor conversions, there's a supply of cash to facilitate those.
Thomas E. Powell: Yeah. So, if we think about it, this year, we've got in our assumptions base volume growth of 135 basis points to 165 basis points. Now, we're also taking Vidacare kind of out of the M&A world, which was last year, and that effectively will roll into our base volume, but we're calling it out separately just so you can compare this year versus past. So, if I think about that base volume growth of 135 basis points to 165 basis points, that continues a nice trend that we saw in base volumes so we closed out 2014. We had been seeing volumes that were fairly negative across Europe and soft in North America in the early part of the year. As the second half came together, we saw a really nice strengthening of those base volumes in both North America and in Europe. And as a result, we closed out the year with 190 basis points of volume growth in the third quarter and 185 basis points in the fourth. So, as we look at 2015, we're assuming 135 basis points to 165 basis points, certainly our hope is that those trends of Q3 and Q4 continue at that level or higher. But we think what we've got is in line with what we've been seeing in the marketplace. And despite the softness in Asia, we still achieve those levels in Q3 and Q4.
Benson F. Smith: Well, I think one of the – certainly, one of my observations is that almost all segments of capital equipment in medical devices field are subject to a lot more unevenness and volatility as capital budgets are often the first thing that are hit in tougher times for hospitals. So, I mean one of the disadvantages is that it's always going to be lumpy compared to the rest of our businesses. Right now, as we sit here today, we're on the verge of introducing a new pump. We do expect some improvement in the Chinese capital equipment marketplace. So I think we're more optimistic about the immediate future of that business. But long range, we continue to evaluate whether we'd be best served to be more of a pure-play disposable business. I would say also that relative to our respiratory therapy business, some of the issues that were driving poorer performance the last two years have been resolved. We are more optimistic in terms of its performance in 2015, but I would say from a longer-term strategic view, it's not as good of a fit as some of our other businesses.
Benson F. Smith: I would just add to that, David, that we had been, for the last several years thinking that 2015 was the year we realized a lot of those leverage improvements in our P&L that we've been working on for the past several years. And fortunately, they've come out even a little bit better than we expected at a year when we needed with the euro.
Benson F. Smith: So, I think first of all, we have a high degree of confidence in terms of their contribution for Mini-Lap. This had been a product that had been distributed by another company. In terms of our revenue projections, they're really just based on what the existing market numbers are as we make that transition. So, I would say that there's a low risk that we won't get the improvement for Mini-Lap. Our reason besides the obvious economic one for this year, really, it ties very, very nicely into our overall percutaneous laparoscopic line and gives us some broader exposure and we walk in to the hospital already with some business in our pocket in that particular segment, so we think it will be a good assist in our launching of our microlaparoscopic product line.
Benson F. Smith: So, I think the answer to that is, yes. Even in the area of China, where we had some slowdown. It was again, primarily in the pump business, not in our disposable business. I had dinner earlier this week with the head of one of the largest hospital systems in Philadelphia and while they're not seeing necessarily an uptick in in-patient procedure rates, they are seeing an uptick in acuity and that seems to be working in our favor. But also, we're making some significant in-roads in share gains. So, that's I think as much as anything responsible for our increasing growth change in our core products.
Benson F. Smith: That is correct. And I would say as you know, for some period of time, we've been talking about the fact that our gross margin improvement goals don't terminate in 2015 that we see some very good continuing runway in 2016, 2017 and 2018, and the particular restructuring program that's in place now really starts to kick in for us in a much bigger way in 2015 and 2017. So that's absolutely correct. As we had been able to generate other improvements in our gross margins from acquisitions and from some other things, I would say that allowed us to foot the relocation plans on a more conservative footing, and we have taken advantage of that. And that's another reason why their biggest gains will come in 2016 and 2017.
Benson F. Smith: Yeah. I would say Mayo last year was probably a little bit bigger than what we would do normally. I think 2015 is going to be largely representative of what you could expect to see in that arena for the next couple of years. And again, every time we do a new acquisition like a Vidacare, it usually opens up the door for additional opportunities. But even setting that aside for a second, I think you're going to see the same sort of continuation over the next couple of years as we continue to consolidate distributors.
Benson F. Smith: Not really I think again as we were putting together the overall revenue budget this year, we wanted to make sure that there were some conservatism built into most of the individual line items. We didn't want to end up with the unpleasant surprise of missing on the revenue and therefore be under even greater cost pressure. So, it's -- I would say that it's more a matter of some conservatism. In fact, if anything I think I'm personally more bullish on the opportunity that Vidacare has for us over the next couple of years than I was even a couple of months ago.
Benson F. Smith: I think the pipeline is good. We are seeing, I would say that we are seeing continued pressure and difficulties on companies that are in that size range. It's hard for them to go global. It's hard for them to penetrate into GPOs and we expect that to be a pretty good marketplace for us really over the next several years. So, we're picky about the things that we're looking at, but we certainly have a – I would characterize it as a robust target list.
Benson F. Smith: I'll separate those two businesses out and because we have, in fact, now separated those selling organizations and assigned separate management groups, our respiratory therapy business really is concentrated almost entirely in locations where we have group GPO or IDN contracts. And we felt we could manage that with actually a very small targeted sales force. Usually, those conversions tend to be quite large in size. And we're only going to actually have a few of them each year. So, we're approaching that with a much more targeted sales force. We do have some improved products out. In that product line, we've got a new humidifier that's very competitive. As I said, we've made some good in-roads in some additional group contracts and we've been making some effort to improve the gross margins in that area. Anesthesia this year is going to be principally driven, I think, by some improvements in our LMA product line where we'll be launching the third-generation LMA device called the Protector during the course of 2015 and we will be capitalizing on an acquisition we made a couple years ago with their version of an all-silicone low-end LMA device with a pressure cuff indicator and we've been marketing this product in Europe for the last couple years and have really been pleased with their results of it, and we'll be rolling that out into the United States. We're also quite active in the disposable laryngoscope market, which is an emerging area that is really starting to take off for us, and we've seen some pretty good growth in our pain pump business as we go into 2015. So, we're looking at 2015 as being certainly pretty optimistic about both of those product lines compared to the last couple years.
Benson F. Smith: Yeah. I would say that they're probably a little lower than average and I would place it at 3% to 5% versus our 4% to 6% range for the rest of our product line. But, I would say, again, we may be being more cautious than we need to be. We're very interested in seeing how the Protector is received in the U.S. The folks we've had trying it in non-U.S. markets have been very, very enthusiastic about the product. So, I think we've got some conservatism built in there.
Benson F. Smith: So, PICC lines are growing faster than the CVC line obviously because we have more share. Jake, I'll turn this over to you.
Benson F. Smith: So, I would say that in quarter one and quarter two, there's not a lot of big movement. We start to see many of these issues or opportunities start to kick in really in Q3. And then, we're very close to where we need to be by Q3, and then some additional improvements in Q4. So, it is modest improvements during the first half of the year and some significant improvements starting to kick in in beginning of the third quarter.
Benson F. Smith: So, I would say in our financial modeling of the acquisition, we tend not to put a lot of expectations around new product releases. I think that from what we have seen in terms of the product pipeline, it has the potential to have very, very significant growth compared to the base of business that they have now. I'm not sure that it amounts to something that would in and of itself move the needle a whole lot for Teleflex. I think the biggest contribution from the line comes – again, is really having a dedicated product line in this whole mini-laparoscopic area with Percuvance and with Mini-Lap and it's part of the overall product rollout strategy in that product line over the next year or two.
Benson F. Smith: So the answer to the last question is not at all. These are moves that make sense regardless of what happens to currency one way or the other. I certainly think it's our expectation at our April meeting to be able to talk, I think, in some more detail about what our gross margin expansion programs should look like from a number perspective between 2016, 2017 and 2018. It's a natural restructuring plan. We're somewhat limited on commenting until we get board approval. So, I think our goal at the April meeting or at the May meeting has more to do with simply outlining the general areas where that improvement can come from and what we think or where we think we're going to be by the end of 2018. And I would say to add to that we continue to be quite bullish about our opportunity for gross margin expansion through that period.
Benson F. Smith: So, I think it's a safe assumption that every acquired product we have has a considerably better profile than what we've been selling, and we are reluctant to do things that don't have a seven in front of them at least.
Benson F. Smith: So, we continue to work, I think, very well and have an excellent relationship with robotics company. We view that kind of as a specialty opportunity for us which we wouldn't venture into on our own without that relationship. The mini-laparoscopic instrument is entirely different. That really is a Teleflex pure play. As I mentioned earlier in the call, we are really looking forward to understanding the reaction and adoption rate that we can plan on. I want to be careful at this point in making sure we have enough initial customer experience before we start quantifying what that is. But at its very minimal level, it would more than meet our expectations from the modeling we did in the acquisition model. I would say we characterize this as one of those product areas that could be a lot bigger than what we thought just a year ago.
Benson F. Smith: Yeah. So, again, for most pediatric indications, the market per se is not really big. It served as a really great entrée, though, because there's not a good alternative solution for those pediatric patients. And I would sort of describe it as a great backdoor to get into the hospital and get clinicians familiar with it. So it's probably going to show up more in terms of our ability to accelerate the growth of the rest of the on control line and necessarily as a discrete item.
Benson F. Smith: So I would say that it's always – there's an obvious advantage if the acquisition happens to be domiciled outside the U.S. and we can use that cash for it. However, the bigger driver around our acquisition selection is, is it provide a clear clinical benefit? Does it help the hospital with the cost profile? Is it protectable? Is it going to be a product that really has a almost competitor-less opportunity in the marketplace. And the reason behind that strategy is we think those are going to be the most protected kind of enclaves in increasingly cost-concerned healthcare environment. So, we certainly wouldn't walk away from an acquisition that was U.S. based that met those other criteria. All things being equal, absolutely, we'd rather put our cash to work overseas.
