Liam Kelly: Thank you, Tom. In closing, we are excited for what 2019 holds for Teleflex. We expect as-reported revenue growth of between 5% and 6% and constant currency revenue growth of between 6% and 7%. And despite foreign exchange, tariff and tax headwinds as well as the decision to accelerate certain investments to support sustained organic revenue growth over the long term, we expect another year of strong adjusted earnings growth that is double the rate of our forecasted as-reported revenue growth. Looking over the 2019 to 2021 timeframe, our previously provided financial projections of average organic constant currency revenue growth of between 6% and 7%, adjusted gross margin of between 60% and 61% and adjusted operating margin of between 30% and 31% remain very much on track. That concludes my prepared remarks. Now I would like to turn the call back to the operator for some Q&A.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So David, obviously, we are very happy with the progress that we made in 2019. And we are a little bit like the Patriots. We had a much stronger second half than first half in our Teleflex year and in our Super Bowl if I can put it that way. So we have a lot of momentum as we get into just kind of 2019. And in 2019, we estimate that our organic constant currency revenue growth will accelerate in the 5.1% in ‘18 to the 6% to 7% in 2019. And I will point to a few of the growth drivers that we see that will get that acceleration. NeoTract will add approximately 30%, Interventional Access will deliver high single digits, APAC delivering mid- to upper single-digit growth. Those are the three main drivers to that. We also as well as that we expect continued growth in Vidacare. We expect our PICCs to continue to grow, OEM to continue and obviously a rebound in our surgical business and also in Latin America. So, we feel very comfortable with our range of the 6% to 7% and bridging from 5.1% to the 6%, we also feel pretty confident in that lower end, David.
Liam Kelly: Yes, thanks, Rich. So, as we look at it, I mean, it’s all organic for Teleflex as we move into 2019. The way we look at it, we’re moving from a 5.1% growth to a 6% to 7% growth. It gets more and more difficult to break out VSI as it becomes embedded within Teleflex. VSI had an excellent year. And we will point even to look at the Interventional Access business unit that we will now be breaking out globally and we would expect that business unit to be in the high single digit for the year 2019. And as I said earlier, the other drivers of our growth that we expect is obviously NeoTract that we’ve spoken about, but also APAC, which we would expect to be in the mid- to upper single-digit growth. And as I said already, there are some other key product and regions such as Vidacare, PICCs, OEM, Surgical, and Latin America that we will expect to see improvements from. So, all in all, we feel very comfortable in our 6% to 7% organic constant currency revenue growth. And I think if we just take a step back, as a company, we couldn’t be happier to think that on as or even at a lower range, on an as-reported revenue growth of 5%, we’re getting double that in EPS, giving you 10% EPS growth, which is a pretty unique med tech asset in our mind.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So, starting with how much of our business is exposed, Rich, in the past, about half of our North American business went to the distributors, the Cardinals, the Owens & Minors, the Medlines, those distributors. Moving forward, now that NeoTract and VSI become organic and don’t normally go through that channel, about 1/3 of our business should go through those distributors. Regarding the tracings, our tracings were very consistent with the improved tracings that we saw in Q2 and Q3 of 2018. So, we continue to see good strong end customer demand for our products, which also makes us feel very confident about our 6% to 7% for 2019.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So, you’re absolutely correct, Larry. We’re down to below 3 at the end of the year. Assuming we don’t do an M&A, we will continue to improve our leverage during 2019. The way I look at it, Larry, is that in 2019, we have the capacity to do a scaled transaction if we can find it. The next follow-up of the question normally, Larry, is what’s the environment like. So, the environment is pretty rich at the moment. We had a full M&A team at a big med tech conference recently that was held in San Francisco. We met with well over 60 companies at that. But we do realize, Larry, that we only get credit for the good transactions. So, having the capacity does not mean we’re actually going to do a transaction in ‘19, but we continue to be very active in the M&A world and we continue to look at assets on an ongoing basis. Even in 2018, we didn’t do any scaled transaction, but we still put nearly $100 million of capital to work between MANTA, go-direct and other smaller tuck-in transactions. But to answer your question directly, Larry, yes, we have the capacity to do a scaled transaction if we can find it in 2019.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So, some of the investments we’re actually moving forward. So, we had in our LRP anticipated doing some investments within the Japanese market. It’s a good problem to have, quite frankly. We got the Shonin approval much earlier than we anticipated, so we’re actually moving that investment forward for NeoTract. The other investment behind NeoTract is really on the area of the direct-to-consumer campaigns that have been very, very successful in 2018. So, we want to continue those because they are an accelerator for top line growth. The cadence of the investment, they will begin from Q1 in 2019 and remain throughout the year.
Liam Kelly: Yes, thanks, Matt. So, first of all, I want to say we’re very pleased to receive the PMA approval in Q1. A panel review was not required. And as I mentioned, in my prepared remarks, we’ll now commence the limited market release in 2019. I think we’re taking a reasonably cautious approach to the launch. We need to recruit some additional clinical sales heads, but it will be sold through our Interventional sales force. And we are rolling out what has been incredibly successful for us in both our Vascular business unit in our Interventional Urology business unit with the UroLift and now this business unit, which is hunter/farmer model where we will utilize our experienced sales force to begin to convert the account and then we will roll out a clinical and a support function to continue the utilization of the product. We will begin in the 20 sites in the U.S. that were a part of the SAFE MANTA IDE clinical study, and that’s going to be our goal for Q2 and Q3. And maybe we’re just being a little bit conservative, Matt, in our expectations of the revenue, but we think at this stage, it’s better off to be conservative than aggressive until we see the traction of the product in the marketplace. We continue to be very excited about the product, and clinical data for the product is compelling with an over 70% reduction in major vascular complications. And this is significant but according to a JMAT 2017 study, these patients who require 5 additional days in a hospital are twice as likely to die. And the cost of the hospitals, on average, $18,000 as a result. And MANTA continues to have a 96% success rate in hemostasis and a median time to hemostasis reduced to 23 seconds from anything from 6 to 10 minutes. So, the clinical data is compelling. We’re very enthusiastic about the product. Don’t take our comments that we don’t have a lot of revenue baked in to think that we’re not very enthusiastic. I think this in time could be proven to be one of our nicer tuck-in acquisitions in a long time.
Liam Kelly: Yes, so I think that to make it a standard of care, we need to get an improvement on where we are today. So, let’s take a step back and look at your standard urologist. Your standard urologist will see 75 unique BPH patients every month. On average, the urologists we’ve trained are treating 4 of those patients every month. I think the headway for growth is still a long way and we’re very early in the penetration at this moment in time. So over time, we see getting deeper to that penetration and getting a larger portion of those 75 patients. And once we have a more significant portion, then it would become a front-line therapy and will become the standard of care. Again, Matt, we’re so early on the penetration. We’ve only just trained just over 1,900 urologists of the 12,000 urologists within the United States, so we see significant headroom for future growth. And when we have, let’s call it, 6,000 urologists trained, which are the ones that treat over 80% of the BPH patients, we will be further along the way of making it a standard of care. And once we get more of those 75 patients, it would also see us becoming the standard of care.
Liam Kelly: So, I’ll start with the investments and I’ll let Tom then chime in with the leverage. So, in addition to investments just in UroLift and in MANTA, there is about $15 million of additional investments we’re making just in those 2 big buckets in all the areas we spoke about, Brian. On top of that, there’s a $10 million that we had originally contemplated in addition of sales heads that we’re putting in behind UroLift as we continue to drive the top line growth for that product. I’ve always said, not all growth ain’t free, so we’ve got to invest and continue to invest in clinical papers and so on and so forth in order to get there. I’ll let Tom answer the leverage question or the drop-through question if that investment wasn’t there.
Liam Kelly: Absolutely, Brian. And I will start by saying that in Q4 actually, Surgical, even though it was negative, it was less negative than we had originally anticipated. If you recall on the Q3 earnings call, I mentioned that we expected to grow 8.6% in Q4 and we actually grew 9.1% in Q4. And one of the improvements within there was the Surgical business combined with Vascular OEM and Interventional Urology. But to answer your question regarding those 2 businesses, I think as we go into 2019, Surgical will no longer have that headwind of this business that we made the decision to exit. That could be more profound in the first half of the year versus the second half of the year. Our Anesthesia business grew by 2.1% in this quarter just gone and I think that our Anesthesia business has shown an improvement in 2018 over 2017. So, we continue to be we continue to believe that, that business shows improvement on a year-over-year basis, and actually on a full year basis, it grew by 3.6%, which is about right for a business in the space that it’s in. And don’t forget, Anesthesia is the business unit as we go into 2020 and 2021 where RePlas revenue will be recognized. So, well, that would be a driver for growth within the future. We continue to see growth in that business in our laryngoscope blades. We continue to work with our laryngeal mask portfolio and others. So, I think at 3.6% growth on an annual basis is about right for that business, Brian.
Liam Kelly: Okay. So, we estimate that the total Japanese market is probably $2 billion. Initially, we will be targeting what the investment that we’re putting in is to target some of the key opinion leaders, podium-speaking opinion leaders that we will require in order to get the reimbursement. So, we will begin to get urologists to use the product in selected cases now that we have the approval so that they can then write to the authorities identifying this as a priority product and can take it as a priority product for them. Regarding the pricing, the pricing would be determined by the reimbursement. There are approximately 1,900 urologists in the United States trained urologists within the United States. So, the urologists within Japan, we will get that data as we start penetrating within the marketplace. I think that the pricing, as I said, will be determined by the reimbursement. We expect to get the reimbursement in 12 to 18 months after the Shonin. We think that the reimbursement would be quite similar to what we get within the United States, but that will be determined, Anthony, in the time we get that reimbursement. The work that we’re doing now in Japan is to ensure that the authorities realize what an important technology this is. There is a significant connection between the Japanese urology society and the U.S. urology society, which should have.
Liam Kelly: So, I would say, Anthony, even before this, I thought that was a very probable target. We always and I said it many times that we anticipate and expect a payout of that full milestone. Nothing has changed in my thinking. The revenues that will be generated in Japan will begin in the latter half of 2020 there. And so obviously, that will be ahead of our original call-out, and you are correct, that should help that milestone.
Liam Kelly: And Anthony, I apologize, I didn’t answer your question directly. There are approximately 8,000 urologists in Japan.
Liam Kelly: So, the UroLift 2, we expect to roll that out in the latter half of 2019. There won’t be a revenue pickup from it because the pricing for UroLift 2 is the same as UroLift 1. So, we don’t anticipate to have a big but we wouldn’t get a margin pickup as we begin to roll it out. So, the real play here is to move from the mid-70s to the high 70s in gross margin as we roll out the UroLift 2 and we will begin in the latter half of 2019, this year. Just to answer your question on the training, the training was more one of the reasons that we snowballed the rollout the UroLift 2 was to allow our salespeople to train urologists on the median lobe, which was a new indication we got in 2018. So, we didn’t want to distract our sales force and take away from the growth engine by having them do 2 things at the one time, training on the median lobe and rolling out the UL 2. Now we should have the training on the median lobe completed with most of our urologists by halfway through 2019 and that would free up the resources to roll out the UL 2, as I said, in the latter half of ‘19. I hope that makes it clear.
Liam Kelly: I’ll just point out, Dave, that, that is true. Not all the restructuring programs will be completed by 2021.
Liam Kelly: So, David, it’s Liam here, we continue to look for always look at our business right across, not only in manufacturing, but in all areas of our business as part of our ongoing process. And the interesting thing about restructuring is and manufacturing alignment is that every time we do a scaled acquisition, there is the potential to identify more opportunities. So it’s a little bit like dealer to direct. We think we are well down the road with our dealer to direct than we do in acquisition like VSI and it identifies other opportunities and we saw that in 2017. So, it’s an ongoing process and it’s something we look at on a fairly regular basis.
Liam Kelly: So our growth within the quarter, our constant currency growth was 9.1%. Our growth in – it was 9.4% into the M&A. When we bridged, we bridged to 3.7% with our run-rate through Q3 and we said UroLift would add 3%, [indiscernible] would add 1.3% and the improvement will be 60 basis points, I think. If you look at what actually happened, UroLift just did modestly better, but the core business actually, the 60 basis points of improvement was better and did better than that 60 basis points improvement. And Kristen, it gets to the point where trying to exact VSI from the core becomes more and more difficult when we go through it. So I don’t want people to think that we’re going to continue to talk about our business in core or non-core, because there is a few moving pieces. You also have the fact that we exited a business in 2018 that had an impact. But our core was very much in line with our expectations within that quarter. And we had a really strong second half of the year with our overall business, and I think we’re in great spot to line up to do our 6% to 7% in 2019.
Liam Kelly: Sorry. Go ahead, Kristen. I didn’t mean to talk sorry. So I guess, basically you are correct, most of the – almost all of that pricing came from our go direct. So our pricing in 2018 in core pricing was neutral and you could expect the same in 2019, very neutral pricing overall and we don’t anticipate or we haven’t been seeing any go direct or significant go direct in 2019.
Liam Kelly: Yes, I would expect to answer your question on the core business, the core business was approximately 3.7% in the second half of ‘18 just to reinforce my point on the improvement in the core business as we went through the year.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Mike, it’s the second largest medical device market in the world outside the U.S. and they are very, very developed. So they would have all the technologies that we would have in the United States. They use similar therapies. They actually do more surgeries than we traditionally do within the United States and the other anomaly within the Japanese culture, which I think will help us, is that the whole area of sexual dysfunction is probably more highlighted than it would be in a Western culture. So I think that, that will be something that we will be promoting with our urology partners and the urologists in Japan because men can stay sexually active much later in life than they traditionally do in the Western world.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Mike, you are correct we don’t have revenue expectation for RePlas in 2019. The post-market study will not prohibit us from selling the products. The FDA just mandated that we do that study post-launch or we will still be in a launch phase. Regarding your question on the military and the lumpiness of it, we do not expect the military to come in and place one blanket order. We expect this to be a gradual adoption of this technology. We believe that they will begin in the Special Forces within [indiscernible] there is always some activity and this product has incredible relevance in the back of the field where soldiers would require plasma and the current plasma offerings are not applicable in that type of an environment, because you either need to follow them ordering last year. So I would believe we would see a modest pickup beginning there and then ramp. Then once it’s established, it can be somewhat lumpy, to your expression, because they will fill out the kit bags. Now we will try to manage the timing of that so they’re not filling out the kickbacks for the Air Force, the Navy, the Marines and the military all in the one time. So that should help smooth it out. So we have a reasonable amount of our EZ-IO Vidacare business that currently goes through the military and we have a good call point into that area of business.
Liam Kelly: The 2020 restructuring program, so I think the inputs are the – this restructuring program has a modest impact in 2021, Kristen. So that’s going to – it’s going to be beyond that where we will see the benefit of this new restructuring program.
Liam Kelly: I think as Tom said, the upside on the LRP is going to come from improvement in mix more so than coming from this latest restructuring program. I think we continue to be very bullish about things like UroLift, very bullish about VSI, very bullish about MANTA, very bullish about RePlas and very bullish about Asia Pacific and Vidacare. And all of those, if they perform better, will deliver significant mix that could be a potential for upside in our LRP on the gross and operating margin.
Thomas Powell: Yes, certainly. So, David, as we’ve seen volumes grow with NeoTract, we’ve also seen the ability to expand the gross margin even before we go UL2. So, in 2018, we finished the year, I would say, in the mid-70% gross margins. For 2019 we, expect to tick up a little bit further towards the upper mid, if you will, kind of the upper mid range of the 70s.
Thomas Powell: Yes, we got off to a little bit slower start last year on the flu season or at the end of 2018, I should stay, but it now has moved into full swing flu season and we see a fairly comparable year-over-year comparison.
Thomas Powell: So, we actually assume that tariffs, yes, do increase, and in fact, increased in 2018 and this is a continuation of those tariffs through 2019. So essentially, we had previously spoken about the level of tariffs as we sat down and reassessed at year-end, we updated the expectation to a greater impact for 2019.
Thomas Powell: Sure, sure. So, as you know, our operating margin is currently expected to expand by 80 to 130 basis points. The investments that Liam just outlined being $15 million largely relates to the investment for UroLift in Japan as well as the development of the U.S. market for MANTA. If you were to back that out, that operating margin would go from 80 to 130 basis points to 135 to 185 basis points and that doesn’t factor in the point that Liam just made relative to the increase in the sales force for NeoTract. So, it would show a nice margin expansion. I think as Liam mentioned, we are pulling some of those investments forward. And as the businesses begin to grow, obviously we’ll offset that investment and continue to drive revenue and margin expansion.
Thomas Powell: Sure. Well, of the programs that are currently outstanding and operational and some of that that we have kicked off frankly have ran their course. But of those two outstanding, we expect total savings ranging from $122 million to $136 million once fully implemented. I would say that in terms of savings that are still remaining to be realized, that’s more in the range of $60 million to $70 million. The program that we launched this morning or initiated recently and announced this morning really is a program that won’t start to realize any savings until 2021 and 2022.
Thomas Powell: So, the real focus for us is to continue to drive earnings accretion and obviously that’ll play into cash flow as well. With the recent program that we’ve initiated, it’s expecting to deliver savings of $11 million to $14 million on top of the programs that were already outstanding. So, we would see this as a way to kind of solidify, if you will, our free cash flow. It’s not much of a tax play as it is in terms of driving cash flow savings.
Thomas Powell: Well, I think the point you’re making is a valid one. We have good line of sight to our gross margin target of $60 million to $61 million. We’re guiding to within pretty close range of that for this year and that includes the impact of the tariffs. Our hope is that perhaps those tariffs aren’t in place in the future and that can provide another benefit. But yes, we do have very clear line of sight with the activities currently in place to get to that gross margin target.
Thomas Powell: Sure. So Larry, just on the free cash flow, to your point, yes, we had guided to approximately $1.5 billion of free cash flow over the timeframe 2019 to 2021 and we are still on track towards that from an operating standpoint. I will say there are two kind of non-operating impacts that have come up since then. One is that the performance from the acquisitions is outperforming the initial accounting estimates if you will and so the extent we pay out more in contingent consideration such as the prior discussion we had on NeoTract that would impact free cash flow as a reduction in cash flow from operations. Additionally, the restructuring program that we just announced was not contemplated in that guidance, but that isn’t all that meaningful from a longer term. But if you were to adjust for the contingent consideration payments, yes, we are still on track for that $1.5 billion free cash flow target.
Thomas Powell: Sure. So as we just think about the tax rate, I think we are still of the expectation that the tax rate will continue to move upwards in subsequent years. That’s largely due to a shift in mix where we are expecting more and more income to be generated in the U.S. And that tax rate, although reduced in the recent Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, is still higher than our average. Now the drivers of that increase in the U.S. income is businesses such as the UroLift products as well as catheter solutions that are growing have above average margins and the growth is predominantly in the U.S. So we do still expect the tax rate to move up as time progresses. I will say that our assessment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has been a little bit more favorable than our initial interpretation of the act and so we are seeing a little bit of favorability from that. So I would say the two of them fairly well wash out over the longer term, so I would right now assume the tax rate is still moving in line with the longer term projection. And then the first focus area maybe just help refine the...
Thomas Powell: Yes. And just to think about the kind of the cadence of those savings, I had mentioned that of the $122 million to $136 million in total program savings and just to clarify that is inclusive of the program just announced today. So of that savings, about $60 million to $70 million is still outstanding. And through the timeframe 2021, we expect to realize about half of that $60 million to $70 million. So as you can see, we are creating some benefit to extend beyond the LRP timeframe.
