Liam Kelly: Yes, it's Liam here. So we – our Interventional business performed very well in the quarter. We're very happy. What we're increasingly positive on is how broad-based the growth was. As I said in my prepared remarks, our legacy Interventional business performed well, in particular, our intra-aortic balloon pumps and catheters had a stellar quarter as did the microcatheters, the GuideLiners, the TrapLiners and the biologics from the old – or the VSI business that we acquired. We still expect that on a full year basis that the Interventional business will grow in the high singles, maybe even sneaking into the double digits with some better execution into the latter half of the year. So I think we're quite bullish on our Interventional Access. Again, what I'm particularly pleased about is it is one of the areas that we highlighted that would be a growth driver in the year and it has started off incredibly strong.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So for our overall business, I think, David, we're very happy with the start. I'm not too sure that we should focus too much on the comps because if you look back to last year, our toughest comp was Q3 last year, and we had a very solid Q3 in that year. So addressing your NeoTract and what I expect, I guess, your question is really around headwinds and tailwinds for a large extent. So from a headwind perspective, we got the catheter reprocessing business that we exited during the year. OEM is not going to grow at 20%. We don't expect OEM to grow at 20% in the year. So it should set us down to higher single digits on a full year basis. And then from a tailwind perspective of where we continue to see growth, we had some destockings of distributors in Vascular, Anesthesia and the Other category. As I said, Interventional Access will do the high singles, maybe sneak into doubles. APAC to the high singles and Surgical, I'm really happy to see Surgical recover and it should be in that mid-single-digit range on a full-year basis. Regarding NeoTract, it obviously started really, really strong and posted 41.5% growth. Now the 30% is a full year number, David, and we're very encouraged by the start. Obviously, as we get into later in the year, we will look at sharpening our pencils on some of our guidance ranges, but I got to tell you I couldn't be happier with the start. And I think we've got a great setup for the full year. First half will – we don't have the tougher comps in the second half, but it's a great start and it's a great setup from where I look at it, David.
Liam Kelly: Yes, so I will deal with the conversion of UroLift 2. As I said in my prepared remarks, we will have the conversion completed by 2021 and at that stage you will see the full benefit of the gross margin pickup. Obviously, as we ramp up in later 2019 and in particular, in 2020, you'll see the pickup of that gross margin benefiting in 2020. But it will be fully realized when we have the total U.S market converted by 2021. From the Japan perspective, as I said in my prepared remarks, we expect to get reimbursement in mid-to late 2020. And then, we'll start to roll out – we're already ceding the markets right here today, and we're aiming for that midyear approval. But as we said, we expect that in mid- to late 2020. Now in our LRP, I got to tell you that we had very little revenue in – for Japan in 2021, practically none. So if anything, this is a positive for us.
Liam Kelly: Well, I think, that's – what we've been saying about Teleflex is as we roll all of the businesses into organic, what you'd expect to see is let the cord with the distributors. So in the past, about half of our business went through these distributors and moving forward now in this quarter, about one-third. And I think a great thing from a Teleflex perspective is that we're able to cushion ourselves against these distributor movements. So what we saw in the quarter was definitely some destocking even more than we had anticipated. We would expect that to come back during the year in 2019, but we were able to offset that with excellent performance within the remainder of our businesses that are not exposed to distributors, and thereby overcoming that and to post a – the number that we did from a growth perspective, I think we're very encouraged by.
Liam Kelly: So I don't think it's a question of them taking their inventory levels much lower. You see a different dynamic with some distributors. Some hold more stock than others. Some hold 30 days, but some have confidence with their customers whether they will hold 45 or 60 days depending on the contract with their customers. They can't go below that stocking level. What you see – and it's not as organized, Matt, as you and I might think, as some of these distributors will have 40 centers throughout America. And they will place their orders on a Tuesday night and it all rolls up and comes to us by – overnight on Tuesday night. It just ebbs and flows. On a full year basis, Matt, it always balances out. And with less of our business exposed to it, I'm not as concerned about that in 2019. It's not going to be as big an impact to Teleflex quarter-over-quarter in 2019 as it may have been in 2018 than previous years.
Liam Kelly: Yes. With our NRP for Asia, that is growing in the high single, maybe sneaking into the double digits. And that's still our expectation. Obviously, we would have some of those levers that would accelerate it in the outer years. So this year, our expectation is high singles. Asia-Pacific is off to a great start. Again, Matt, we're very encouraged. And again, it was pretty broad-based coming from the Vascular Access products, Surgical products and Interventional products. So again, like all of our business and that's what most encouraging is that we've been ramping, Matt, since the second half. And we've been building momentum since the second half of 2018. And now we see a 7.6% posted in Q1 as broad-based geographically and from a product perspective.
Liam Kelly: Thanks, Matt. Yes, so look, we feel really great about the business. As you see from the performance in Q1, again, as I said, it's broad-based. We think that this continues the remainder of the year. As we think about our 2019 guidance, I think we've put ourselves in a very strong position to meet or exceed our revenue projection. And we intend to work on delivering on our commitments to our shareholders. As we go through the year, Matt, we'll take an opportunity to have another look and sharpen our pencils, but we won't water down an excellent quarter. We're very bullish as we have been all year for our revenue growth. Regarding UroLift, I think that looking at UroLift, it's a great start, again, great first quarter tucked under the belt. The 30% approximately growth is a full year number. It's a great – it's a good start. We have a weaker comp actually in UroLift in Q3, which encourages us also because of the voluntary recall we did in Q3. And if you recall last year, we actually addressed the UroLift revenue growth as we went through the year. And hopefully, we'll be in a position to do that again this year. It's a very promising start, Matt.
Liam Kelly: So as I said, the Interventional business was, again, broad-based. I think we saw some – I'll cover a couple of them. I don't want to get into the too many of the weeds here, Matt. But if you look at the OnControl, that grew nearly 20%. If you look at the catheter extensions, it grew around 15%. If you look at microcatheters, that was up above 30% and biologics too was well up in those numbers. If you look at our intra-aortic business, that had a very solid start, well up in the double digits, over – up around 30%. So broad-based, Matt.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So I think the most important metric that we look at is the number of urologists that we've trained. So we've trained just over 2,000 urologists within the United States. There are 12,000 urologists within the United States. We've generated almost $60 million in revenue with only 1/6 of urologists trained in United States. Regarding your question on where the revenue is coming from, from an account perspective, we continue to see 60% of the revenue coming outside of the hospital environment either the ASC or in the office. So we continue to see momentum building in that area. So no change in the size of service. No change in where we see the revenue coming from, and we continue to be very positive on the metric of the training of urologists getting over 2,000 out of 12,000. I think the same-store sales, we continue to see an increase in same-store sales quarter-over-quarter. And that's what we've seen for the lastthreeyears within this product category.
Liam Kelly: So I'll answer the last part of it first. You wouldn't expect any rep productivity just by launching UroLift 2. The UroLift 2 will reduce clinical waste for the urologists, which is a positive. It will reduce their costs of disposing of that waste than it will improve our margins. But there isn't a pricing play to go there. The productivity per rep annualizes in or around $3 million per rep, which is at the higher end one would expect from a sales representative, but obviously, this is a very fast-growing product. The continued investment that you asked about, obviously, we're doing DTC or doubling the number of DTCs that we did during the year. And we will continue to add reps during the year. Our normal cadence that we've said that we expect is to add around 15 sales heads every year. Now we've gone above that for the last two years since we've owned this asset just because we're – as we said, not all growth is equal in Teleflex, and we're investing behind the areas where our margins are better. And this is definitely one of them, so is Interventional Access, so is Asia. So that – you can expect that continued investment from Teleflex in areas where our margins are better and therefore getting some leverage in our income statement.
Liam Kelly: Brian, thanks for the question. Yes, look, I'll start with PICCs. Our PICC growth was almost 13% within the quarter. We continue to take share, in particular, within the key North American markets. We now believe we are number two behind Bard, and we believe that we're growing and continuing to take share and we'll continue to become a strong number two. Our PICC business or – pardon me, our CVC business had a nice solid quarter even with the destocking. And we grew around 4.5% in the quarter on our CVC business. And again, these are all areas that are accretive to our margins and therefore help state the leverage within our income statement that I mentioned earlier. I can't reiterate enough the philosophy within Teleflex is not all growth is equal, and we're trying to drive growth in areas and we are succeeding in driving growth in areas that allow us to, again, expand our margins on top of the restructuring programs that we have in place.
Liam Kelly: Thanks, Brian. Yes, I think our leverage ratio is 2.75 times net at the end, so we're down below 3 times. It obviously gives us the ability and the capacity. We are acutely aware that we want to get credit for the good M&A, and we've got an excellent track record of doing excellent deals, and we would envision that continuing. We have patients, we continue to be active in this space. We continue to look at assets. And, obviously, we will continue to make progress in that area. The great thing I think from a Teleflex perspective is that where a patient and we also don't see any need to do an acquisition. We feel very comfortable with the performance of our business with or without M&A, but obviously, as an accelerator, we would like to continue – don't take that comment to mean we're not going to continue to do M&A. We are a serial acquisition company. It's a core competence of ours. And I think there's few better than Teleflex of identifying these assets and bringing them into our organization.
Liam Kelly: So I think the reimbursement for the competitor, from our understanding is least, made the procedure for the competitor really an office-based procedure. I actually don't think it has had any material impact on our growth. We're very focused on going deep rather than going wide and building this business in the right way. And as you can see from our growth in the first quarter, the numbers speak for themselves. We don't see that competitor having a significant impact or any impact on our growth. I still believe and I've always believed clinical outcomes will win seven days a week and twice on Sundays. And our clinical outcomes are just better. It's that simple. And we're fastly becoming the standard of care for the treatment of BPH.
Liam Kelly: Yes. Thanks, Anthony. Look, we're very excited about MANTA. I think in time this will be seen as one of those another very nice acquisitions that Teleflex did. And as I mentioned in my prepared marks, we're just commencing the U.S. limited market release in Q2. We are testing some pricing we're making sure that we get our training to the right level so that the product becomes very sticky within the TAVR centers. The great thing also is it's a very focused market. You've got less than 600 TAVR centers within the United States. And the TAVR market, as we know, is growing around 17%. Again, I'll go back to the clinical data, it's very compelling, 70% reduction in major vascular complications which should save a hospital five additional days in the hospital for those major complications and 18,000. And that's why we're testing some pricing scenarios in the limited market release. But we don't expect significant revenue in the U.S. in 2019 as we roll out that limited market release, Anthony. And we'll give more guidance as we get into 2020 as to what we expect from MANTA.
Liam Kelly: Yes. It was an auction [indiscernible] coatings, and just with the recent announcement, we don't believe we'll be exercising that into the future. So that’s a fairly modest impairment.
Liam Kelly: Yes. It's about – it's normally about 100 basis points, and we pick that day back up in Q4, just to be clear. And again if I am ever going to have a billing day and if I'm going to pick a quarter, the quarter I want to be in is Q4.
Liam Kelly: So in answer to your first question, Mike, our intention is to build out a sales force within Japan. In this year, 2019, we will be putting some feet on the street in Japan to do some market development work with key opinion leaders as I said in my prepared remarks. With regards to reimbursement, we would envision and we don't know what the reimbursement rate is going to be until we get it. We feel that the Japanese authorities, given that there is such a close alignment between the Japanese Urology Association and the American Urology Association, we would envision that it would be reasonably close to that level of reimbursement in Japan that we have in the United States, which is a – we would be happy with that result, let me put it that way.
Thomas Powell: So as we think about that $15 million spend, we certainly continue to expect to spend the full amount for the year. I'd say that in the first quarter, we didn't spend 1/4 of that total amount, it's a little more than $1 million overall in the quarter. As we think about how that plays out in the year, you should expect to see the majority of that really going forward in Q2 and Q3.
Thomas Powell: Well, really, when you look at the first quarter results, the impact of cash flow from ops is coming from increased contingents consideration. So as a result of change in estimates in the quarter, that's actually reduced our cash flow from ops by about $30 million. And so as we look at the full year, we still expect to be on our full year plan. But again, compared versus a year ago, it's a contingent consideration change.
Thomas Powell: It's a minor impairment, $3 million in size. So in connection with the QT Vascular acquisition, an option for a future product was included in that transaction, and we've decided not to pursue that future product. And as a result, we've written off the option.
Thomas Powell: So we're – again, we're trying to be thoughtful on this. And the reason that we are being – taking our time, if I can put it that way, is we want to be methodical. We do not, under any circumstances, want to impact the growth of this product because of training divisions on a new product. So we want to keep the growth accelerating at a level that it can do over the next number of years while converting those physicians. And also as a reminder to what I said previously, we are also going back to some of the urologists who are only doing a smaller number of cases every month to retrain them on the new technology to develop those clinicians as champions. Now that they have seen the rapid adoption of the UroLift product, I think they'll be more encouraged to become champions and not get behind the growing trends to use UroLift for the treatment of BPH as it becomes the standard of care.
Thomas Powell: Sure. As we look at the tariffs for 2019, we're currently estimating the impact to be about $9 million on a full year basis. So if those tariffs were to go away in future quarters, we'd estimate potentially a $6 million benefit for quarters two, three, and four. And again, that's assuming you'd get all of quarter two.
