Benson Smith: So just by way of background as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there is a consent decree -- excuse me that is affecting the largest competitor out there. When the impact of that started to became apparent we began a series of negotiations with GPOs and IBNs and essentially came to some agreements with those customers for essentially a three-year agreement. So we expect to ramp up to our full production capability and are in the process of doing that and expect the whole -- the majority of that business over a three-year period. We are not, however, making additional investments to expand our production beyond that point. We're really driven by this -- by patients and customer concern more so than an economic opportunity. So while we expect all lines of the business for three-year period it still falls into that category of low gross margin products that longer range we don't think our strategic best area of investment.
Benson Smith: So the short answer to your questions is yes. We -- I would just tell you we've never been busier. We are working on a number of smaller deals two of which -- of the kinds that Liam announced and those are typically deals we have much higher degree of certainty and being able to move across the finish line. But there is a lot of activity in that range where we're looking at for acquisitions right now. But timing is always hard to predict, but it remains the high priority for us.
Benson Smith: So when possible I would say that's the size we prefer. I think all along we've said we were going to go up to something in the range of a purchase price of, let's say, $500 million plus for the right opportunity. So I think the answer to your question is we still prefer those $100 million revenue size acquisition, they are a little bit easier to integrate. But it's a very opportunistic situation and sometimes things become available that are still attractive and fall a little bit on the larger side of that.
Benson Smith: So just to be clear, the 100 basis points declined from 55% to 52% -- to the 100 basis point you're referring to really included some of the impact from the delay of the transfer of kits and also some impact from our greater than expected respiratory therapy volumes and OEM business. So not all of that decline is due to the chest drainage business.
Benson Smith: I would say that's getting too finite given all the things to go into the bucket that end up in our gross margins column. But I would say that whatever it turns out to be the impact that it ends up having on our operating margins is negligible.
Benson Smith: Jon, I would tell you that one of the reasons we have this almost like a test-market release going on is so that we can have a better perspective as we plan for 2016 and what the likely volumes are going to be and spend accordingly to be able to make that happen. I would say our accelerating product line though, particularly in the shorter term 2016 has as much to do with what we see as volume growth in the U.S. market and share gains. We're seeing that essentially across most of our business units and particularly areas in the vascular arena where we're seeing a good growth. In fact, we saw some of the strongest underlying constant currency growth in those segments already through the first two quarters.
Benson Smith: I would just add from my perspective currency continues to be our biggest unknown factor. It bounces around $0.03 or $0.04 within a week. So there is a lot of volatility there. I think if we just look at a constant currency revenue projection, I would say, I'm pretty comfortable that we're going to certainly be in the upper half of our guidance range as in the lower half. We really just need to kind of see what happens with the FX in the fourth quarter to be able to understand how much of that’s going to translate into EPS.
Benson Smith: Okay. I'll take that. Yes. To your last question, yes. We're very comfortable we're going to get product out there in Q1. Everything is tracking to plan, our internal plan. When we started, we thought we would with doing a lot of procedures in live coli, but in actual fact, we have done as many bariatric and gynecological procedures as we've done live colis during the e-test. And the surgeons are more aggressive in the procedures they would use it in, which is for us quite exciting. Because if it's in a more complex procedure, it's what we would refer to as stick your product in the longer term.
Benson Smith: So I think we have indicated over the past couple of quarters that the majority of our pricing is going to come from fewer direct conversions. For example, chest drainage, we might have had an opportunity to raise our prices given the emergency, but we thought that was sending the wrong message to our important GPO customers. The circumstance in Europe just with the addition of what's happening in Greece, what's happening in Russia, et cetera is eliminating some of the other parts of price moves that we're making? So we would continue to suggest that we're in that 100 basis product range over the next couple years, but the majority of it's going to be coming from dealer-direct conversions.
Benson Smith: What we've continued to say, for a while, I'll just repeat it, is their cadence of distributor-to-direct conversions [indiscernible] couple of years is what we've forecast over the next couple of years. There continues to be opportunities that are more than enough to be able to support that level. It's really more problematic for us to get down to the individual details about any single one of these. But in terms as an overall annual impact, what we've been delivering over the past couple of years is what we expect to deliver over the '16 through '18 timeframe that we outlined at the Analyst Day.
Benson Smith: Relative to the pain pump question, it's a couple of pennies towards the end of the year. We obviously have to believe through our existing inventory. I think the two things that were quite attractive to us about this is, this is a extremely attractive product compared to the market leaders product that's out there, and by negotiating this deal for the distribution rights in the United States it improves our gross margins from one of the lower gross margin products in our bag to one of the higher ones. So few cents this year it will be much more favorable to us next year.
Benson Smith: So -- our this is a relatively recent decision that we just arrived at a week or so. The current estimate is that is about a quarter delay. So we expect to get into manufacturing that product by the end of first quarter, it obviously won't have much impact on our gross margins in the first quarter that will follow that. But that's about the time it's going to take us to do the reconfiguration of the packaging and get through the validation process.
Benson Smith: So, yes. I think we'll have a much better perspective on that in terms of the surrounding detail by the end of third quarter. We're in the practice of ramping up manufacturing that has an added cost that aren't going to stick around I think once we get to those levels but we'll have a much clearer picture about that certainly by the end of the year, most likely by the end of the third quarter.
Benson Smith: Yes, PICCs were -- Jason, PICCs were down about 8% in the quarter and that's really coming from the product recall issue that we referred to earlier. Had it not been for that we would be more in line with where we were in prior quarters.
Benson Smith: So, relative to currency we have made our balance for the year projections assuming a dollar euro at $1.08. One of the impacts of currency in the second quarter had more to do with the euro versus other currencies. And that introduces a layer of complexity that makes projections I would just tougher to do. If we were only concerned about the dollar-to-euro number it would a lot easier to answer your question. But by way of example in the second quarter we had also budged it at about $1.08 and I think the actual average number was a $1.10, but we saw more unfavorability from currency than what we expected because of the euro in relationships to other currencies.
Benson Smith: To answer to your question about the recalls, first of all we've obviously booked the extent of receiving the merchandise back in the second quarter; we will re-shift that to customers, and will be in a position to have the product come off product hold in the third quarter. So we'll see a benefit in terms of some revenue coming from that. The cost of rework essentially we've booked in the second quarter and that should not have, it will obviously get calculated into our overall year-end gross margin number but we should not see any residual effect from that in the third quarter or in the fourth quarter.
Liam Kelly: And Jon, I'll just give you a bit of color on the chest drainage. It -- the largest GPO win that we executed on implementation just began during the month of July. 
Liam Kelly: So we will launch them, we'll come up the limited market release in quarter 2016 for both products. As we said in the Analyst Day, the size of the market for, in particular, the Percuvance is in the region of $300 million to $400 million. The adoption rate we expect to add that it will accelerate during the quarter one through. So we expect an impact in 2016, but we're expecting more significant impacts on revenue growth for that particular product in '17 and '18 as it starts to get some traction. We will have it in 17 hospitals, as I said, at the end of the year. And for the Protector, we are expecting a similar ramp up, slower ramp up in '16 and then accelerating into '17 and '18. Again, I won't get too granular on the details in this particular product line at this time.
Liam Kelly: There are other products within that category that we compete with. But we believe that our insertion process is quite unique and differentiated and will move some of the IB market into that space.
Liam Kelly: On the Australian dealer to direct, so what we need to do is bleed through their inventory during this quarter and you should see about in the region of 50 basis points to top-line growth in the fourth quarter.
Liam Kelly: So, as I said during my prepared remarks we just got extended indications in Europe so for emergent use of the product. We continue to invest heavily behind this product. We are very pleased with the growth rate within the product that we're experiencing at the moment and we see the growth within the quarter in the high double-digits globally. So, it's one of the products that's within our area of focus and we continue to look to get more indications for use for the product.
Liam Kelly: Yes, so I'll take the Vidacare question first. So and it was always the case when we bought Vidacare that we realized that the opportunity to expand was in the ambulance service in Europe particularly and we were very pleased to convert our first ambulance service in Italy during the quarter as I said during my prepared remarks. There is still significant penetration opportunities within the United States and particular with the hospital segment. And we had a recent publication of a paper that showed that for emergent vascular access that even compared to CVC, EZ-IO was a better opportunity, a better methodology of getting immediate access for the vasculature. So we continue to see opportunities within the EMS segment, within North America, within the hospital segment, within North America, within the European EMS segment, and also within Asia-Pacific where it's in its infancy within Asia-Pacific and in the future that's a long-term growth prospect for us. So we continue to be very bullish about potential growth with EZ-IO and the Vidacare products and if we look at the half year, we are in the region of 20% growth within the half year base and we anticipate that to continue throughout the remainder of the year as I said in my prepared remarks. Your second question was regarding to the trocars. And this is one of the significant drivers behind our product growth which I said was 84 basis points within my prepared remarks. So this continues to be a focus for us and we're very, very pleased with the partnership that we had with Intuitive. And I think Intuitive likewise are very pleased with the partnership with Teleflex.
Liam Kelly: And as I said during my earlier comments we're just in the process of converting the largest GPOs following the win. So we’ll have much more clarity on that as we go through the next quarter.
Liam Kelly: Yes, I gave an indication of CVC. CVCs grew 10% globally and that was really consistent across all the geographies. PICCs were impacted by the recall, as I mentioned during my prepared remarks, and overall were 8.1% of growth.
Liam Kelly: That would be a $300 million $400 million market but the segment of the market that we're targeting is in $40 million to $50 million entire segment that we're posting this product on is it's a in between a peripheral IV and a PICC. And what you see happen is some of the IV segment moved to the Endurance and some of the PICC segments moved to the Endurance.
Thomas Powell: Matt, why don't I take that one. So as we thought about it a year, we've got a fairly significant acceleration of revenue, margin expansion and savings and synergies coming to fourth quarter. So we wanted to make sure, we've got no better visibility on that, better understanding what's happening with currencies. But certainly we'll look to narrow that range as we get in the third quarter.
Thomas Powell: Yes. So we are continuing to make investments in late-stage technology opportunities that is supplementing that a good bit. So I think our overall investment for the year when you're taking both things into consideration is more than adequate to be able to propel what kind of revenue growth we're projecting.
Thomas Powell: So, in terms of the $28 million to $35 million it's largely savings that's going to show up in the COGS in gross margin line. There really isn't anything below that associated with that program. In terms of the timing, we spoke about a bit of that starting to happen in 2015 largely in the third and then in the fourth quarter. We've now moved manufacturing for some of our dry kits and VasaNova down to Mexico. So we're going to start to realize those savings in the third and fourth quarter of this year. The majority of the savings however will be kind of realized in 2016 and then a couple of million dollars more in 2017. So I think next year is kind of the lion share of the gain.
Thomas Powell: So let me provide a little more details around our exposures and help you better understand. So Benson probably touched on euro which is our biggest exposure. We do about 30% of our business in euros. Our next biggest exposure is really less than 5% of our revenue. So if you look at some of those other areas where we are exposed its Australia dollars, Japanese yen, Chinese yuan, Canadian dollar, British pound. So we don't have any significant exposures outside of the euro and that's why we tend to focus on it quite a bit. Now, for us in terms of exposure, we have the greatest exposure related to translation. We don't see big transactional and other issues impacting us. We've talked about a full year exposure on the range of about $0.85 or so. Now, you may say boy, second quarter you set was around 30 and the reason for that is twofold. First of all we see the greatest currency exposure with the euro in the second quarter, just given how rates moved last year, beginning the fourth quarter we're going to start to get a more favorable comparable. So that will help us on that front. And then I forgot the other point I was going to make related to the currency here. But in any event as we think about those impacts it's really second quarter is going to be our greatest impact as we get into the third quarter, it will abate a little bit, and then the fourth quarter even more so. So full year the impact that would be $0.05, it's largely driven by the euro and again the second quarter we expect to be the greatest impact.
