Liam Kelly: Thank you, Tom. In closing, we delivered solid first quarter results, bearing witness to the benefit of our global diversified portfolio. And while it is difficult to predict whether the path to recovery will be V-shaped, U-shaped or even W-shaped. We, as an organization, will continue to monitor closely the reopening plan state-by-state and country-by-country to ensure we take full advantage as states and countries reopen. We have introduced digital tools to our business units, where we believe it can be an effective in training clinicians on the safe and efficacious use of our products. We will manage the business prudently while staying focused on capitalizing on the long-term potential of our global product portfolio. I would like to finish by again thanking all of our employees who continue to manufacture, distribute and support products that are acquired in the fight of COVID-19. And I’ve been humbled by the response of Teleflex employees as we continue to deliver on our commitments to our customers, their patients and our investors.  That concludes my prepared remarks. Now I’d like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Liam Kelly: Okay. Thanks, David. So, I’ll talk about the trends that we saw as we went through January and February in regards to the UroLift and then what we saw in March. And I think that will give a good indication to the investment community as to what occurred cures procedures were canceled. So, if we look at January and February, we were actually growing the UroLift business at just over 38%. And in March, the business declined by 3.3%. In the last 2 weeks of March, if you compare that to the first 11 weeks, we actually saw a 64-ish percent decline in the business in those last 2 weeks as procedures got canceled. Now if I look at the other part of your question regarding why we think it’s going to recover and access and the age of the patient. First of all, the average age of a UroLift patient is not 70. The average age of a UroLift patient is just over 60. So, we don’t have, for sure, men in that 70-plus or in a higher risk category. And I think it’s all about customer confidence, consumer confidence as they go back into these centers. But the reason that I’m confident that UroLift is going to recover quickly is on a number of points. First, when I’m speaking to urologists, we know that there is capacity and a desire to do UroLift procedures. We’ve actually conducted a survey with over 170 urologists, and 60% of the urologists were contemplating, scheduling adjustments post-COVID. And investors that are familiar with the UroLift will be aware that, that 60% of UroLift procedures are performed outside of the hospital, and we believe consumer confidence will return first in the ASC and the office environment. And UroLift will obviously benefit from the states that move to Phase I on with CMS and the American College of Surgeons and other leading groups in agreements that outpatient procedures will recover first. So that also leads to our confidence. And the procedure can be performed within 1 hour in a doc’s office or in an ASC or even in a hospital and is the only procedure that will allow to prevent sexual dysfunction. And thirdly, there’s a strong financial incent for urologists and our sales force to ramp back up as quickly as possible. And if you look at the cadence of states, we spent some time looking at that. The 18 states and territories that are about to open or will open in the near future, account for about 32%. There are 4 other states coming quickly behind those, and they account for another 27%. So roughly 60% of the states, that where our business is done are going to open up in the near future. And last thing I’ll say is in that survey that we did, David, it highlighted that BPH is in the top 4 disease states that are being prioritized by urologists as they get back to work behind things like prostate cancer and kidney stones, which are obviously emergent and need a boost are emergent and will develop pain for the patient. And I think lastly, the last comment I’ll make, David, is our DTC campaign, when we bring that online could be a catalyst also to encourage men to go to these practices. Sorry for the long answer, but I think there’s a lot in that question.
Liam Kelly: So you’re correct on our respiratory business. And again, I’ll give you the similar commentary on respiratory that I gave you on Interventional Urology. Respiratory in January and February had a small decline, about 2.2%. And you’d expect that, distributors tend to destock in the first couple of months of the year. In March, our respiratory business grew by 44%, culminating in over a 13% growth in the quarter, and that’s clearly because as COVID-19 had an impact, we saw first in EMEA increased orders for respiratory products, followed quickly by our American business. And then in relation to our OEM business, again, it’s a great business. It grew by 17.5%. No real day adjustment here, about half of the growth came from the acquisition and the other half approximately came from the core business. So OEM business has continued to perform excellently as it has done over the past number of years. As we move forward, we’ll keep a close eye on the COVID impact on the OEM. As I said in my prepared remarks, it’s difficult to ascertain that as we move forward because we make products for other companies, and we don’t know yet what the impact is to those companies. So thanks for the questions, David.
Liam Kelly: Well, Larry, I’m going to try and stay away from discussing intra-quarter results given that we have withdrawn our guidance. I’ll tell you what I, what happened as we entered into the COVID-19 crisis. And I’ll tell you what happened in EMEA and then what happened in March in the Americas. So, it’s -- the COVID pandemic spread from Asia to EMEA first. As hospitals realize, a lot more patients were turning up with respiratory conditions, they, we got an overwhelming number of orders for our respiratory products. And following on from that as patients then migrated through the hospital into the intensive care unit, we got increased orders in our Anesthesia portfolio for airway management products, circuits, ET tubes, those types of the products. And then about a week or 10 days later, as these patients needed vascular access, we saw a ramp-up in our Vascular portfolio within EMEA. The Americas tracked shortly after that. And we saw the almost exact same trend where you saw an increase in respiratory products, an increase in airway management products, and I would expect it to be followed by an increase in vascular products based on the same trend that we saw within in EMEA.
Liam Kelly: Yes. I’ll deal with the last part first. I mean, the one thing that I’m encouraged by is that we know that there is capacity in the ASC and in particular, within the office setting. We know also that it is a very effective procedure with great outcomes, and we know that it’s a profitable procedure in both of those settings. And given all of that, fact-based, it is very dependent thereafter on practice by practice. If a urologist has an office setting and does some work in a hospital, then, of course, they have that flexibility to move it to an ASC or an office environment. And if they don’t then they have, then it’s less likely to move. But there is capacity, Larry, and any time there’s capacity, our expectation is that there is flexibility to move from the hospital to the ASC or the office. Regarding the first part of your question on what we saw in China. So what we saw in February and March, was procedures beginning to come back, in particular, in March as they ramped up and it’s very dependent, I guess, city by city. In April, they actually allowed the residents of Hubei to move really throughout the country. As they stopped the lockdown in that part of the world. But what we see in Shanghai, in particular, is as we got towards the end of March, we started to see procedures getting to some sense of normalcy towards the end of March, and we expect Beijing to follow suit very, very quickly. And a lot of our business is done down in the Eastern Seaboard, Larry, so we expect to get back to some level of normalcy as we go through this quarter or quarter 2.
Liam Kelly: Yes. Rich, thanks for the question. So, let me begin by saying, Rich, that we continue to believe that our product portfolio is capable of reaching the 67%, 60%, 61% and 30% plus levels that we put out there a few years ago. That’s it, given the fact that we just withdrew our full year 2020 guidance because of this uncertainty surrounding COVID, it will be very difficult for me to sit here right now and tell you that we can still reach those goals by 2021. And we need to see countries reopen. We definitely need to see the U.S. reopen and procedures return. And once we see that occur, we will have a better idea as to the timeframe where we can achieve those goals. But as I sit here now, I’m still very confident in achieving those longer-term goals. The only uncertainty that’s in my mind is the timing. And I’ll want to see the recovery before I give more detail on that.
Liam Kelly: Yes. Well, obviously, I still think that our preferred use of cash remains to conduct M&A although having said that, given the high level of uncertainty regarding how long the COVID-19 situation might last, we think it’s reasonable to assume that M&A will slow down in this environment. I think you hit a very important point there, Rich, that our leverage ratio is about 2.6x right now. So we’re in a pretty healthy spot. So, I think in the shorter term, we’ll be relatively cautious and prudent. But I think over the medium term, M&A will for sure continue to play an important role in our transformation from a medium growth company with margin expansion to a high-growth company with margin expansion. And the new reality will be that sellers will now be looking at the valuations that were much higher a couple of months ago. And this might actually present an opportunity for a company like Teleflex with our current liquidity situation. We are in a little bit of uncharted water here with COVID-19. And as a result, I would like the investment community to rest easy, we will continue to be as disciplined as we have ever been as we identify the appropriate targets and I don’t think that now would be the right time to do a billion-dollar transaction in the current environment. So, we will continue to be prudent and we’ll prioritize the strength of our balance sheet amid this evolving situation.
Liam Kelly: So I think, Shagun that as I look at it right now, as I said earlier, we see states begin to reopen. I think we’re going to learn a lot in the next month, and it is very dependent on whether we see a spike in COVID-19 or if we see those curves continue to flatten. In my mind, it’s all about consumer confidence. What I’m actually looking for is when people start to go back to their dentist, and I know we’re not in the dentist business but if people start and if I see my friends going to the dentist, that will mean that we’re very close to people going back to an office and an ASC to have a UroLift procedure done. And if that happens in the second quarter, and it looks like it’s going to begin in the second quarter, I’ll go back to what I said earlier. There’s capacity to do the UroLift procedures, which is the one that was mostly impacted by the postponement of some of these procedures. So therefore, I would anticipate that in Q3 and in Q4, that those procedures, a lot of them would come back. I did speak to a urologist recently, and that individual reiterated what I expected that he would that he has not canceled any UroLift procedures. He has simply postponed them to a later date. So those patients are still currently scheduled in his practice to have that procedure done.
Liam Kelly: Yes, absolutely. So as those of you that are familiar with our story will know that we had converted 4% of the market last year. And our goal this year was to convert 8% of the global market. I can tell you that MANTA was performing really, really well prior to the impact of COVID. As we went through January and February, we saw significant growth. And if I just took January and February, and if I took 2 months of the global market, we actually had approximately 6% of the global market converted on a pro forma basis, just under revenue we generated in January and in February. Once we got into the last 2 weeks of March, and I’ll give you the same data that I gave for UroLift, we saw a 35% decline in the last 2 weeks of March compared to the first 11 weeks. Just as procedures got pushed out, but the adoption has gone really well. The price point is right in line with what we expected. And again, as these procedures come back, we would believe that this product will come back. And this is one of the products that we are using in some of our digital tools, Telehealth tools that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, to train physicians, even if our salespeople cannot go into the office. And lastly, we have in place the 20-plus associate sales reps that we have planned to have to support this product, and they are active and will be ready once procedures start to come back into the hospitals.
Liam Kelly: Okay. So the main margin profile of UroLift wouldn’t have changed, Anthony. It’s still in the mid-70s. Our goal is still to roll out the UL2 to get that into the high 70s. And just given COVID-19 and the fact that the FDA have been focused on addressing COVID-19, that will have a slight delay to our 510(k) submission so that will probably be in the June, July timeframe, and then we’ll have a 60-day, 90-day review before we get the product to market. I tell you that because that will have an impact on the Japan rollout. We expect it to be generating revenue in Japan early in 2021. We will probably now be generating revenue in Q1 or, or pardon me from Q1 to Q2, unlikely to go to Q3, but it could go to Q3. It really does depend on the reviewed time. But we will still be generating revenue in 2021. And I would just like to remind everybody that in our LRP, there was no revenue for Japan contemplated in our LRP. So we still envision that we will be generating, most likely in the Q2-ish timeframe revenue in Japan following the reimbursement approval.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So no industry is immune to the impact of a recession. But I’m sure as all, every analyst is aware, the industry that is probably more sheltered is medical devices. People, whether you’re in a growing economy or a lagging economy or a recession economy, people still get it, and there is a requirement for our products. Part of our thinking behind the building of our portfolio and really focusing 2/3 of it on nonemergent critical procedures is exactly that to ensure the procedures could not get postponed, it’s standing as in good stead in the COVID-19 crisis that we’re seeing right now because such a small part of our overall portfolio is impacted by postponement of procedures. That same fact pattern would stand to Teleflex also in a recession, where procedures that would not be in a position to get postponed. And even then our procedure that is probably the most selective to UroLift, the health care economics on that are so strong that it is actually even in a recession, it is saving the health systems money as more patients opt for a UroLift procedure.
Liam Kelly: That’s an excellent question, Matt. What we saw at the end of the quarter, we -- and as I said in my prepared remarks, we carried a significant backlog into the quarter. So our normal backlog of orders would, in these product categories, and for our overall business would be about 1-day sales. As we went into April, that was more than -- that was almost triple our normal backlog that we would tend to carry. We are -- we ramped up manufacturing of these respiratory products, some of them by 200% in order to try and address the pandemic. The products will be getting used by the hospitals that are treating COVID patients. Every patient that goes on a ventilator will require a filter -- a bacterial filter. It protects the patients and the people around them, but it also protects the ventilator so you don’t get cross infections. Every patient also will have a HEPA filter, it’s a heat moisture exchange filter, in order to do the work of the nose. We believe that these products are being consumed. No doubt, I think post the pandemic, I think that hospitals and distributors will actually hold more inventory of these products. I think people, as I said also in my prepared remarks, is it a V-recovery? Is it U-recovery? Or is it a [indiscernible] so you go down to larger stockpiles, and we are engaging with government agencies right now because we are prepared to stay building these products, but we want to understand what government agencies want to do with regard to their stockpile actions for key respiratory, Anesthesia and Vascular products.
Liam Kelly: So, I’ll deal with the last part of it first. So, if you’re suffering with BPH, your BPH condition is not one that’s going to get better, Matt. So, the urologist would normally use IPSS scores, and it’s a very simple methodology to get a patient’s IPSS scores and it takes about 5 minutes. And the patient, in many instances, can do it online for the urologist. So, there’s no major testing or anything that has to be done in order to reposition the patient. We know that from our digital media and regional DTC campaigns that a patient needs to be scheduled within 4 weeks or so in order for a high acceptance rate of doing the procedure. So that’s what we know from the DTC. And I think it’s around that 4-ish weeks, Matt. And as I said, there is capacity, in particular, within the office and the ASC to schedule these patients to bring in newer patients. Obviously, the offices will have to implement some procedures around social distancing, around face masks as they see appropriate. In order to get it up and running. But I think it should be, at least my perspective is that now that urology practices know which states are opening. We’re actually, again, using some of our digital tools to train urologists to revisit some of the training to make sure that they are ready and prepared to re-engage with their patients. And obviously, as I said in my prepared remarks, we have our DTC campaigns also ready to reengage with those men in order to heighten their awareness of BPH.
Liam Kelly: Yes, Drew, thanks for the question. Let me give you a little bit of added color on what we saw in the key North American market from a revenue perspective in the first 2 months of our full launch. So we had done a limited launch. And as customers are ramping into Q1, 80% of our revenue came from existing customers. So it’s all about driving utilization. Now those customers have already been trained, those customers are already up and running. A large majority in the high 80s of our revenue came from TAVR procedures. So we believe that TAVR procedures should come back relatively early on in the cycle, which should help us. And as I also said in my prepared remarks, Drew, we are using digital tools in the Interventional Access business unit to train our customers on MANTA, and we also have uploaded some training videos to make that available to them. And as hospitals allow salespeople back in, they are allowing them in for critical new product trading procedures. And we, as an organization, have organized protective clothing materials for our sales organization to allow them to re-enter the hospital system.
Liam Kelly: Yes. Thank you. We had one MANTA trial that we were in sponsoring that, it was very near the end of its completion. So I don’t think that’s going to have a big impact. We will assess new products as we come out the other side of COVID. I think, Drew, it’s a little bit too early to give any indication as to where we’re at with new products. But we didn’t have, we had some clinical trials going on in the Interventional Urology business unit, within MANTA, within the Interventional Access business unit. And obviously, we always have new products in the works and the mix. Ironically, one product that got a benefit from the COVID-19 was our ISO-Gard Mask, which is a product that we had actually developed to stop clinicians re-breathing gases from a patient. And we that product is now, we’re getting ready to submit it for an emergency authorization to combat COVID. The only other product I could think of that could be impacted would be EZPlas, where we did submit the data to the FDA, and we were expecting to meet with the FDA in, we’re supposed to submit in March and meet them in April. We actually submitted our data at the back end of February. But the meeting with them has been pushed back. So we’re now trying to reschedule that for either May or June.
Liam Kelly: So what we’re seeing from our perspective is the COVID impact other than that, we have not seen any impact from what you’re describing. And right now, given the situation is pretty fluid, Brian, it would be difficult to parse out what’s this impact, what’s that impact. But from what we’re hearing from our frontline people who are engaging with the customers, it’s either COVID or non-COVID, any procedures that are being postponed are more than being offset in that scenario. Any procedures that are being postponed are being more than offset by patients that are coming in because of the impact of COVID. And the parts of our business that are impacted, obviously, by procedures is so small. But people will still get a heart attack. You’ll still need the EZ-IO. If you’re being brought into, following that heart attack, into the emergency room, you’re still going to need a laryngeal mask. You’re still going to end up in the intensive care unit. You’re still going to have a PICC or a CVC placed and you’re still going to have to be put onto a ventilator, and you’re still going to have to use one of our ventilation circuits and our humidification system. So that’s our typical flow of a patient. So if an individual has a heart attack, I think it’s still highly unlikely that they’re going -- they’re not going to go to the hospital or call the ambulance even in this environment.
Liam Kelly: Yes, thanks. So, what we saw in January and February, was we saw destocking by the distributors, Owens & Minor, Cardinal, those types of distributors. And on a full quarter basis, there was a destocking. Distributors did not react to the COVID crisis as nimbly as one might have anticipated. So we did see cumulative destocking for our businesses within the quarter. The business that was impacted the most was our Vascular business and our Anesthesia business.
Liam Kelly: So, I think that as I look at the data for the occurrence of COVID-19, globally, we’ve -- and I’m encouraged by the flattening of the curves. And that data, obviously, we can all see. For me, it’s all about consumer confidence. It is all about consumer confidence. When will people feel confident to go back to an ASC, to go back to an office and go back to a hospital. And as I sit in my chair, and thank you for all the nice words about me. But I don’t have a crystal ball unlike anybody else. And I think it’s all about consumer confidence.  Now I know that people are and I know clinicians are eager to get back to work because they think that there’s a lot of damage being caused to people who are having mild strokes are not going to the emergency room, and I’m encouraged by the fact that states are reopening. As I said, when I was talking about UroLift, in the coming weeks, states that represent 60% of our UroLift revenue will be reopening. Now the next part of that is consumer confidence. And that, to me, is critical, is the consumer being confident enough to come back in and have procedures done.
Liam Kelly: So as I said, it grew 17.5%. It’s about half and half. Half of it comes from HPC and about half of it coming from our core business. Our OEM business is supplied to other companies. So you don’t normally get the stocking up impact from an OEM business. It was business as usual. Now the one impact that you see there in the growth rate is as a result of the sterilization. If you recall, OEM was impacted because of getting certain products to that Atlanta sterilizer. So we did get some of that product flushing through within this quarter, quarter 1. And that’s the only impact, I think I called out for OEM.
Liam Kelly: Okay. So roughly, it’s evenly split of the 60%. It’s roughly evenly split between the ASC and the office. So we don’t, it’s not really weighted to one side or the other. And a lot of the ASCs, in all transparency look like an office environment for the most part. With regard to your question on the average age, so the private insurer pay, if I recall correctly, is around 30-ish percent of the total. And identifying the procedure requirements a little bit earlier has been something that we have been investigating with some clinical trials. Regarding if a recession comes into being, is there a co-pay? There is a co-pay, for sure. But as we all know, that is common across all payment methods today. And it’s just, I think, a fact of life that we spend more on health care once we get beyond the age of 55, and that shouldn’t, so from the age of 50 to 65, you’re going to spend about 10% of your total expenditure on health care in your lifetime. From 65 to 85, you’re actually going to spend about 60% of your health care. And that phenomenon has been around through multiple recessions. Without having that significant an impact. And you’ve got to balance the co-pay with the discomfort of the patient is feeling from having BPH. And if they’re in urinary retention, I mean, you’re catheterizing yourself 10 times a day. And then the overall health care economics for the system, by having a BPH procedure, the overall cost of treating that patient goes down by taking them a off farm or not having them to have an acute procedures. So I think the health care economics argument for the UroLift is probably one of the strongest, which is why the product has been so successful.
Liam Kelly: No, no. From -- if you take the first 11 weeks and then you compare the last 2 weeks to the first 11, it’s down 64% in those last 2 weeks compared to the first 11, Kristen.
Liam Kelly: I actually don’t have it -- I don’t know what it was. I thought it a better metric. And the reason I thought a better metric is for the investment community to understand what were we doing before COVID had its impact. So, the business was growing over 38% in that first 2 months of the quarter. And then I thought what the investment community would benefit most from, what happened in the last 2 weeks compared to the first 11. So that’s why I thought it was appropriate to share that metric with the investment community to give them a flavor of what we saw on the ground with the UroLift procedure.
Liam Kelly: Yes. And let me give -- I’ll give you the growth rate by month, Kristen, if this helps you. This is on a year-over-year basis. So, IUB, the UroLift grew over 38%, as I said, in January and February, and then it declined 3.3% in March.
