Benson Smith: To take your last question, I’m not sure that our particular results are a good mirror of general procedure conditions.  We haven’t seen the same sort of fluctuation in our own product lines that some other people have seen, so I’m not sure our results are a good mirror of what’s happening generally procedurally.  We’ve commented before that we think a number of our product lines are in that critically ill patient area, that it’s hard to postpone therapy in a lot of those areas.  We’re certainly starting to see some traction in our US vascular access business.  I think that is in part a result of the focus that’s coming from our strategic business units and in part coming from I think some good acceptance and enthusiasm around the VasoNova product introduction, that aside from its own merits is also creating kind of a good talking opportunity and access point with those clinicians. In Europe it’s a little bit different story.  We’re seeing largely good growth across the board in most of our product areas, so it’s a little bit of a different picture from region to region.  But I think it’s a combination of new product entries and a renewed sales focus that’s helping us.
Benson Smith: Well, as I think we’ve indicated all year long, that the two primary uses of cash, whether it was from the bond offering earlier in the year or from the remaining divestitures, were to retire debt and look at strategic opportunities to continue to improve growth.  And those continue to be the priorities.  I don’t think there’s any one that take priority.  I think now though with a lot of the discussion around repatriation of funds, we are now more likely to see how that discussion continues to unfold in the first half of next year rather than just try to bring back cash from outside the United States.  As some of you may know, the divestiture of the aerospace business, the majority of that cash will be outside the United States so we’ll continue to review some of our repatriation issues.
Benson Smith: So specifically in the Critical Care business we’ve been moving some of our CVC customers into an [ergo pack]  kit that has additional components and also sells for a higher unit value, so that has contributed from a standpoint of price in that category.  And then the other area that has probably benefited the most has been in the surgical area.
Benson Smith: So I think where we’re seeing the positive contributions come in from North and South America and Asia-Pacific, essentially I think we are convinced that those prices are sticking and that part of the plan is working.  Those increases are working against some negative pricing in Europe and I’m sure as you’re aware that for the most part European pricing in Q3 is the result of tender bids that were generated anywhere from three months ago, six months ago, nine months ago.  So while we have modest expectations for pricing in Europe, I think part of the plan is over the next twelve months to mitigate that decline in Europe which will start to get a more favorable overall meta effect in the range that we’ve been talking about earlier.  It’s just that it just takes longer in Europe and I don’t think there’s the same opportunity for increases there.  It’s more a matter of slowing down the decline.  Certainly a new product introduction will play an increasingly bigger role in 2012 and in 2013 than pricing as responsible primarily I think for our growth above the pricing contribution.
Benson Smith: I think the pricing increases in the regions where we’re seeing them are essentially in place now and we don’t foresee making additional adjustments to those numbers until the mid-part of next year again.  So for 2012, our expectation is that we’ll still see a net gain of about one percentage point as a result of pricing, and that’s going to come substantially from first of all seeing the full impact of what we initiated this July – and we’ve only seen a partial impact of that so far.  So seeing the full impact of what we initiated in July and then mitigating the decline in Europe by about half the amount that we’re seeing it’s declined now.
Benson Smith: Certainly some of the margin expansion does come from mix.  Q1 for example saw heavier than expected sales in our respiratory therapy product line.  In Q3 respiratory sales were down versus what they were a year ago.  And so that change alone was helpful in terms of both the overall product mix which was certainly responsible for some of the improvement in gross margin.  The rest of it comes to a certain part from new products that generally speaking have a higher gross margin than the products that they’re replacing.  So it’s a combination of mix and new products that’s contributing to that, and then some assistance obviously from price improvements.
Benson Smith: The short answer is yes.  I was personally at the ABA conference a couple weeks ago and I would say the booth was extremely well-attended.  I saw a lot of firsthand interest in both the explanation and then people sitting through the educational seminars about it.  We have had a number of, I’ll describe them as high-profile comparisons between ourselves and competitive systems and we have fared extremely well in those profiles – Duke is a good example of an account that’s just converted and a sizable account at that.  And I certainly think our major competitor here has some advantages in terms of their share in the PICC market but we are faring very, very well in those situations where we can get a head-to-head comparison of those two systems.  And there’s just some advantages that we have that they’re not able to compete against.  So we’re quite encouraged about the progress with that product.
Benson Smith: Greg, let me grab the PICC and CVC growth and as we take this next question I’ll give you an answer.
Benson Smith: The price increases in Asia with the exception of Japan have been largely throughout the rest of the region.  In North America, although on a basis point improvement, although it’s smaller because the volume of sales is so much greater, that’s tied with Asia in terms of the actual kind of contribution that it’s making to our price increases.  And although we have a much larger percentage increase in Latin America the volume’s much smaller.  So North America and Asia are principally producing most of the net dollars in the pricing equation.
Benson Smith: There’s one correction I would say, is we are of the opinion that there’s about two-thirds of our product line where price increases would be quite constrained.  About half of that just comes across all product areas in Europe where we think it would be difficult to do better than simply mitigate the decline.  The other third we just don’t think are really in the same position to be able to withstand a price increase.  So it hasn’t been across the board but the first part of your question is have we put into place what our plan is to put into place this year and the answer is yes.  Some of that is obviously in the very early initiation stage, particularly in North America, but most of or substantially all of, I should say, the price increases we planned to initiate have been initiated.
Benson Smith: Yeah.  Most of the respiratory therapy contracts are renewals and I would say we’ve already pretty much taken the price beating for those product areas.  So they don’t represent a decline over prior year.
Randy Meier: Sure.  As we look out into Q4 we’re not expecting to realize as much as a tailwind as we have in the first three quarters of this year.  Certainly the economic situation in Europe, I’m sure everybody’s watching fairly closely to gauge some impact.  As everyone knows, we are fairly well hedged as we continue to, at least for the time being, operate our aerospace business, but certainly as we look into next year we’re going to have to be a bit more cognizant of our hedging strategy with the outlook for at least greater volatility in the Euro for next year.  So while we remain very confident in some of our organic or constant currency growth continuing to improve on a going forward basis I think we’ll probably experience a few more headwinds in terms of our currency improvement next year.
Randy Meier: I guess from a guidance perspective I think we look at this as pretty consistent with the guidance we’ve provided all year and just sort of tightening the range with only a quarter left to go.  We thought the quarter was a fairly clean one and gave a good indication of the performance of the company and our ability to continue to improve our top line results and continue to see margin improvement.  So I wouldn’t expect there to be too much changes as we move into Q4 here.
Randy Meier: Well, I think we’ve been talking about the build in inventory and sequentially some of the rise in our receivables throughout the year as a result of two actions – predominantly the discontinuance of our factoring last year.  We have now come full circle around that so I wouldn’t expect any significant increase in receivables on a going forward basis; and I think inventory levels, which are up reasonably well and we’ve seen a nice improvement in our service levels, we wouldn’t expect any dramatic rise from the current levels through the end of the year.  So I think we are positioned to generate fairly significant amounts of cash as we move into Q4.
Randy Meier: Sure.  As many of you know we have an interest rate swap that was put in place a number of years ago as a result of the Arrow acquisition to create some certainty around interest expense.   This swap expires as was indicated in October of next year.  The net result of the expiration, we’ll realize about a 4% benefit moving down from an effective rate of about 7% on $350 million of our term loan down to approximately the 3% level.  Our term loan is a LIBOR plus approximately 250 basis points so we should enjoy some benefit moving forward from that.
Randy Meier: You know, when we look at our currency we are fairly naturally hedged.  We had obviously some nice benefit from our top line growth and that does flow through so we did see some tailwind as we moved, coming through in the quarter and for the full year.  What that results in is approximately about $1.5 million to $2 million in pre-tax benefit, so we do experience some but it is largely offset by the currency expenses that we have from both our manufacturing and operations.  So we would expect some of that to be mitigated as we move forward with some of the currency headwinds we’re projecting.
Randy Meier: First just to give everybody a sense of timing, we don’t expect to close this transaction probably until the December timeframe.  So the opportunity to, you know, if we did choose to repatriate or pay down debt really wouldn’t present itself until at best just before year-end.  Second, I think when we look at it we have provided in prior periods for some significant repatriation through the income statement to bring back some cash to the United States for further deleveraging, although we haven’t provided the cash aspect of that.  So if we were to bring some cash back it would not have a P&L impact but would have a cash impact on a going forward basis. But to your question, debt retirement versus acquisitions – obviously some of that is just as we look out at the various opportunities that exist, I think there’s a number of things that we look at both domestically and abroad.  And we continue to see a lot of very interesting opportunities to add technology and some products overseas, so I wouldn’t think there would be a difficulty in leaving a sufficient amount of cash overseas and being able to deploy that effectively for growth opportunities.  And again, I think from a timing perspective we’ll evaluate this towards the end of this year and into the first half of next year in terms of whatever both the tax and macroeconomic environments present us with.
Randy Meier: Well, I think as we’ve suggested to everybody, longer term, going out three to five years…  We’ve talked about the fives and they’re out there, so I don’t think directionally that would come as a surprise to everyone.  And this year we’ve talked that we would feel fairly confident being in that mid-single digit top line growth and sort of being in the 20% range by 2013.  And in addition we’ve talked about generally seeing operating margins expand about 150 to 200 basis points a year.  So I think those would continue to be some of the guidance that we would have out there about future performance until we get to some more explicit 2012 guidance.
Randy Meier: I certainly think that as we’ve talked about at great length this year, sort of pricing and product mix and some new product introductions will certainly drive most of the improved profitability as we get into the next year; but better execution and continued awareness on the cost side is also going to be something that we take into consideration.  Obviously we are levered to currency with 50% of our revenue being generated offshore, so if currency does turn around there’ll be a little bit of headwinds there but that shouldn’t have a significant impact on our gross margins; it’ll probably manifest itself more in our operating margins if we move forward.
Randy Meier: I think we’re fairly well reserved at this point for our exposure to the Greek bonds.  We generally speaking have about 50% of that exposure reserved.  I think as we move forward this week and over the next couple of weeks we’ll get a better indication of whether that’s adequate or not, but I think as we move forward we continue to watch all of our receivables in Europe and the business environment over there, but again, I think we continue to position ourselves well.  Healthcare spending in Europe is one of those things that we do expect to continue so while we may see a little bit of extension of some of our days sales outstanding, we continue to believe that the vast majority of our receivables are quality receivables.
Randy Meier: We generate about half of our manufactured products outside the United States, or outside of North America I should say – we do have a fair amount of manufacturing down in Mexico.  And we would continue to have a reasonable hedge although I will tell you that two years ago we moved to a functional currency perspective at our plants so we utilize more forward contracts for labor costs.  Most of our raw materials are either bought in Euros or dollars so again we’re probably, from an exposure perspective, exposed to the Euro.  We’ve enjoyed a natural hedge because of the aerospace business; obviously at year-end that’s going away and we’ve already began hedging, a hedging program to account for the loss of that business.  So I wouldn’t expect that we’re going to see any dramatic change in the overall performance on a pre-tax basis with the hedging program put in place.
Randy Meier: Sure.  The actual decision was made more as a result of historically being a fairly diversified company.  In some of the other industries that we were in, the need to accelerate the cash conversion cycle, to generate cash flow was a little bit greater than it is in the healthcare business so as we began to reduce some of our exposure to other industries we made a decision that the cost of factoring wasn’t an effective tool as we moved forward.  It was actually a year ago that we made the decision to stop factoring. We continue to believe that the quality of our receivables in Europe where a majority of the factoring was going on is still very high.  The cash flow that we generate there, we continue to believe is very sound, but as I’m sure you recognize some of the length of the receivables, it takes about a year to work through that when you stop factoring.  And we’re just about at that point – that’s why we continue to be confident in our ability to generate cash in Q4.
Randy Meier: And to answer quickly the question on CVC and PICC growth during the quarter, both were up on a constant currency basis in Q3 versus Q3 of 2010.  CVC growth clearly led the way for overall vascular in the quarter but both were up.
Larry Keusch: Hi, good morning.  Randy, a question for you: I’m just trying to understand how you’re thinking about the proceeds from the aerospace asset sale as you indicated the majority of them sit overseas in Europe.  If you don’t have a repatriation event here, just again from a corporate perspective, how do you think about whether you bring that cash back; and if you don’t are there opportunities over there that you think in M&A where you can use those proceeds?  Because those are going to be pretty high, those proceeds relative to sale price.
Larry Keusch: Okay, great.  And then I know you’re obviously not providing 2012 guidance yet but I’m just wondering if you could help us think through a little bit of the puts and takes that you foresee in the operating margin expansion for the coming year, just so we can start to kind of think about what’s sort of positive in the mix and what’s perhaps negative in the mix.
Larry Keusch: And but Randy, just broadly – and thanks for that, but broadly new products’ price are going to be positive there.  FX, does that impact you from a gross margin/operating margin perspective?  Again, I’m just trying to understand what’s positive, what’s potentially negative as we work through this.
Larry Keusch: Okay, great.  And then the last one then, and you mentioned it very quickly but just any details on that Greece exposure that you mentioned in the prepared comments.
