Liam Kelly: Thanks Tom. In closing, I will highlight our three key takeaways from the quarter. First, our diversified product portfolio enables Teleflex to deliver double-digit constant currency growth in the third quarter, even with greater than expected disruption from COVID-19. Second, we continue to execute on our strategy to drive durable growth across our diversified portfolio with investment in organic growth opportunities, margin expansion, and deployment of capital for M&A. Third, we raised our earnings per share guidance for 2021, reflecting 23% to 25% earnings growth year-over-year. In closing, we feel good about our overall performance in the quarter, which was anchored by our diversified portfolio of medically necessary products. Our balance sheet is in a solid position which leverage at 2 times providing ample financial flexibility for our capital allocation priorities. We remain confident in our future and our ability to continue to meet commitments to patients, clinicians, communities, and shareholders. That concludes my prepared remarks. Now I would like to turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Liam Kelly: Matt, thank you very much for the question. I think that as we look into the fourth quarter, we have to start with what we saw in the third quarter, and we’re really pleased with our revenue results which were better than our expectations and clearly demonstrate the advantage of a global diversified portfolio. In the quarter, even though certain elective aspects of our business, such as UroLift Intervention Access and Surgical were impacted by COVID. We still met expectations for revenue in that tough environment and exceeded our expectations on margins and EPS. I mean, EPS actually grew 27% within the quarter. And Q3 would deliver growth of 10.3% over 2020, and nearly 6% over 2019. We saw strength in OEM, the Americas, EMEA and APAC. And in fact, Matt, EMEA and APAC would have grown 6.8% and 12.2% respectively when you normalize for the impact of the respiratory divestiture. We also saw a strength within many of our segments, surgical interventional, vascular and anesthesia. And our key growth drivers ex-UroLift continued to deliver really solid results. MANTA grew 82%, and [indiscernible] grew 12%, [indiscernible] grew 10% and to your question, as we’ve progressed through the quarters, procedure volume did not recover in-line with our original expectation and we’re not as far along on the recovery slope, as we had hoped. UroLift is clearly a deferrable procedure and I would look at it as revenue deferred rather than revenue postponed. Procedures began to be impacted in the second half of July, but we did see improvements Matt in September within all of our procedure volumes that were impacted. And if you look at our assumptions for UroLift in particular and our updated assumptions for UroLift, the lower end of the range would be attributable to a flat lining of what we saw in September through the end of the year in that regard. I don’t really want to get into the specifics of Q4 Matt because there’s only one quarter left and clearly our guidance outlined what we’re expecting in Q4 from all aspects of our business.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So you’re correct Matt, there is no update as we sit here today and we would expect the proposed ruling to come through in early next month. That’s the normal timeline for us. We’ve really put a strong case to support the CMS, rethink of the proposed ruling. We believe it will limit Medicare and Medicaid patient access to over 600 procedures and we still believe the appropriate action is to cancel the proposed ruling and engage with key stakeholders on the new proposal. As I’m not sure the investment community is aware, but there were over 30,000 comments during the comment period and we believe that CMS is duty bound to take all the comments into consideration. We, when their final ruling comes out, we anticipate issuing a press release Matt on the publication. We have certain advantages over other minimally invasive procedures in, so far as we have flexibility with size of service. The UroLift procedure is profitable, not only in the office, but also in the ASC and the hospital and the vast majority of urologists that do the procedure in an office have parent ownership or access to an ASC and have that level of flexibility. So we’ll wait for the final ruling, Matt, and then we will make a decision on how we will proceed. But rest assured, plans are, of course, within Teleflex to move quickly once we get the final ruling.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So, I’ll started with the last bit of it. I think that hospitals are much better able to adapt to the COVID environment. And I think they’re managing the subsequent waves much better. And from that, we do anticipate 150% the number of impressions and we’re well on track [indiscernible] three quarters to get to those number of impressions. The number of patients responding through the campaign continues to have a similar uplift and we’re really encouraged by that. What we see as we go into the future, as I said earlier, is that the low end of the range implies the flat-lining of our September run rate for the remainder of the year. Now, Cecilia to your point on the deferral procedures and other aspects, we do expect to see some seasonal improvement due to the deferral, and also due to patients using up their deductible during the year, as we have seen in previous years. And we would also expect to enter into normal trading environment in 2022. And the market opportunity hasn’t changed. I mean, I think, that’s the most important thing. There’s still 12 million men that suffer with BPH. Urolift is still the go-to product for the treatment of BPH. And we still only done party just over 300,000 procedures, all of those 12 million men. And we still only trained 3,000 out of the 12,000 urologists. So, we’re still have a significant, a massive opportunity to continue to convert that customer base. And our own observation is that the procedures just deferrable more so than we would’ve thought quite frankly, when we bought the company. And also no one would have anticipated COVID in that environment. And we do think that there are three aspects that are impacting the product, restrictions and fear of COVID. I think number two, scheduled procedures that are subsequently canceled. And number three, and the lesser impact is really [indiscernible].
Liam Kelly: Thank you. It’s pretty aligned with what we saw traditionally Cecilia regarding that we do see daycare procedures in hospitals rebounding and that’s one of the trends that we’ve seen. Regarding your question in staffing shortages, we would anticipate that the staffing charges would improve as we go through Q4 and into 2022. And that’s simply because it’s not doctors that the issue that a lot of the ancillary workers that are within the office, the AAC and the hospitals, and a lot of those people, unfortunately were furloughed in the midst of COVID. They have been receiving government checks. The government checks began to dry up in September. So, we would anticipate a bolus of those individuals coming back into the workforce in Q4 and into 2022. And we would anticipate seeing that environment improve also.
Liam Kelly: Yes Anthony, I think, there is a difference inside of service, quite frankly. In the hospital environment, my observation is that the staffing shortages is fatigue. A lot of these people are just exhausted from fighting COVID. And we’ve seen a lot of retirements as well in the nursing environment. I think that’s going to take a little bit longer to work through. I think we may have to consider the importation or the acceleration of nursing through the education process or the importation of nursing through the issuance of visas to up to other jurisdictions. I think then if you look at the AAC and the office, and in particular, the office, the dynamic here, Anthony, is that these people were furloughs in the midst of COVID, because office – a doc working in an office is like a small business. So, they have to try and protect their cash flow, they furlough the people. Those people went down to government assistance. Now the government assistance dried up in around September that timeframe. So, I would anticipate that would probably rebound a little bit faster simply because those individuals would want to come back to the workforce in order to generate an income. So that’s how I would see it. And if you recall Anthony, we did call out staffing shortages in Q2. I think we’re one of the fewer companies to start identifying it a little bit earlier on the trend.
Liam Kelly: I would say, we have very high degree of confidence, Anthony, it has nothing to do with CMS. The CMS ruling won’t come in until next year, if and it hasn’t even been announced. So it is all about COVID.
Liam Kelly: Yes. So I think that we have very strong presence in Florida and Texas are two of our key markets for UroLift for sure. And you also have to look at in particular in Florida, the population it’s a big retirement community there. So the age profile of men in that area would obviously make it a significant market for us. I think that the main impact of Jayson of the – in UroLift in the quarter is simply the Delta variant. It’s simply 28 states have imposed restrictions. Now we would have thought that as we went through September, we would have anticipate some of those states reducing the restrictions, and we would have expected them this month October that, that they would have also been removing restrictions. And as I said earlier, it is a very deferrable procedure. I personally know two people that need the UroLift and neither of them are willing to have it done in this COVID environment. They’re waiting until the environment improves. So I think that’s the simple impact. And I think the word deferred is the important word, because it is simply deferred. Those two people that I know personally are going to get the procedure done. It will happen if it doesn’t happen in Q4, it will happen in Q1.
Liam Kelly: Deal with the your reference that durable growth and let’s refer next two minutes, we grew 10.3% earnings per share growth in the third quarter. And as you move into the fourth quarter, I’m going to compare ourselves back to 2019, because that’s a better base year for me. We’re – we grew 6% – in the midst of COVID, the advantage of a diversified portfolio is allowing us to pose real positive growth with real half the earnings are as a result of that. Regarding your question on the durable, what is durable growth for UroLift, obviously, we’re going to give guidance when we get through the fourth quarter. I want to see how the fourth quarter plays out. I am keeping an eye on this new variance that has raised a test in the UK and in Israel. I would want to make sure that that doesn’t become an issue and become Delta part two, as we go through the fourth quarter. But I agree with you, the end markets haven’t changed. Our strength of our position in those end markets haven’t changed and the clinical outcomes of the…
Liam Kelly: Thank you. So we know for a fact that they’re going to the doctor’s office, we know that because we actually direct them to the doctors. So they’re under the care of that doctor now. Again, the impact is simply COVID. You’ve got restrictions in 28 states. You’ve got people that are not comfortable quite frankly going in to have a procedure. And that, that is the impact. One data point that I think is important for investors to realize is the vast number of our champions are in the office and the ASC. And the vast, vast majority of those only offer one minimally invasive modality for the treatment of BPH and that’s UroLift. So by investing behind DTC and by transferring patients to those doctors with the best clinical output, those doctors in the vast majority only offer UroLift. So that’s why we have a heightened degree of confidence in continuing with our DTC. And I would just like to point out that our expectation for impressions with the investment we’re making is 150%. And through three quarters of the year, we are well on track to achieve that level of impression. So we’re very encouraged by the DTC, we’re in burning calories by an engagement, and it was also nice to get the bronze award for the advertisement itself.
Liam Kelly: So I would read those comments closely, because they combined two products in the comment. And as we analyze the data, we know that we’re not losing share. It’s not a question of, if we know that we’re not losing share. If you look at the claims data, it shows the market share to steady, and UroLift is holding its dominant position with the minimally invasive treatment of BPH. So this is a COVID question, not a competitive question in my mind.
Liam Kelly: Mike, thanks for the question. In a word, yes. We’ve seen positive pricing through the first three quarters of the year. We – I agree with you. We’re one of the few companies that he’s able to take positive pricing. We’ve taken some this year in order offset some of the inflation that we’ve seen. And if you look at our margin progress today, it’s reflected in that. You can see, how well we’re doing from a margin in an inflationary environment. As we get to next year, we’ll get to next year, but it wouldn’t be our thinking that we would offset some of the inflation with price increases. Shipping charges are harder to implement, people don’t like them, you’re better off in my view, just looking at it as a straightforward price increase.
Liam Kelly: Unfortunately, it’s out of my control right now, because it’s with the FDA. We’ve got our submission in to continue to engage with them. It’s unchartered waters by the FDA. This is a – they’ve never approved a biologic like this before, but they’re -- they continue to engage with as they continued to be helpful. And obviously, we’ll update the investment community, Mike, as soon as we’ve used on it.
