Benson F. Smith: Thank you, Jake, and good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased to say that Teleflex had an excellent third quarter as we grew revenue 17.4% on an as reported basis and 15.4% on a constant currency basis. I'm also happy to report that organically we grew our constant currency revenue of 5%. This was a significant acceleration from levels we achieved for the first six months of the year, thanks in part to progress made in our distributor to direct conversion in China. In addition to strong broad based revenue growth during Q3, we also delivered significant margin expansion, reaching an adjusted operating margin of 26.3%, which is the highest level ever attained since becoming a pure-play medical device company. Mind you, this was a tremendous result, as it is assigned that our organic margin improvement initiatives, integration of various acquisitions and our previously announced restructuring programs remain on track. In fact, as you'll hear from Liam momentarily, we're increasing the savings estimate associated with our various restructuring plans. The margin performance in the quarter flowed through to the bottom line and translated into GAAP earnings per share of $1.70, which was up 21.4% versus the prior year period and adjusted earnings per share of $2.12, which was an increase of 17.8%. Finally, on the first day of the fourth quarter, we completed the acquisition of NeoTract, which will help the revenue growth and earnings profile of Teleflex for many years to come. The addition of NeoTract as well as the performance of our base business allows us to once again increase many of our full-year 2017 financial guidance metrics, including our constant currency revenue growth expectations, which we were raising from a range of between 12.5% and 14% to a new range of between 14.25% and 14.75%. Our adjusted earnings per share expectations, which are increasing from a range of between $8.20 and $8.35 to a new rage of between $8.30 and $8.40. This marks the third time this year we have been able to increase our adjusted earnings per share expectations. In closing, we're up to a good start in 2017, and we are positioned well for success in 2018. We continue to see stability within our end markets, good global utilization of many of our products, and positive momentum in revenue generated from the newly introduced products to the market. We've also made significant progress in our distributor conversion efforts, the integration of Vascular Solutions, and have driven substantial margin expansion and shareholder value. As my time as CEO of Teleflex nears a close, I am more confident than ever in Teleflex's ability to succeed in the healthcare marketplace in the future. I completed my prepared remarks. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Liam.
Benson F. Smith: Just maybe a little more color, just if you think about the guidance we've provided in the last Analyst Day, through 2018 we still feel very confident in our ability to see the gross operating margin guidance even excluding the acquisitions of Vascular Solutions and NeoTract. In fact, we're kind of already at the operating margin target as we speak, including with acquisitions, and as Liam pointed out, as we look at NeoTract, it carries a higher gross margin than Teleflex and is growing very rapidly. We see that kind of in the low-70s gross margin. And as we look at the next-generation products, perhaps even increasing that margin. And so, we see that as a real margin driver going forward that would be additive to what we've provided previously. Vascular Solutions is also accretive on the gross and operating margin. We had mentioned in 2018, we expected to add 80 basis points to grow to 100 basis points into operating. So, both of those acquisitions will be additive to what we had previously communicated. And then, to Liam's point, we see pricing mix, other initiatives in operation such as our material substitution program continuing to build on that. And so, we see a multi-year margin expansion story still intact for Teleflex. So, we're pretty bullish and we'll provide more details on 2018 in the future at the Analyst Day.
Benson F. Smith: Yes, it's a manufacturing specification problem with our third-party provider of some of the products. So, we're working with them to get a root cause. We think we're pretty close and we anticipate being back early in 2018. We agree with you, the customer sentiment is very, very strong. There's a lot of pent-up demand for the products. Our sales force are just waiting to get it back, so they can go back to that customer base with the product. So, we're really looking forward to getting it back in the hands of our sales reps and back to the customers who really want to use this products early in 2018.
Benson F. Smith: So, we still sell both. We have a good, better, best philosophy. The VasoNova portfolio gives a nurse who is placing a PICC, a confirmation that the PICC is in the right position. The Nostix gives us guidance and for countries in particular overseas where they just want to use ECG, it allows them to use ECG. I would anticipate that the – and the preloaded Nostix product is now just into the marketplace. But I would anticipate the growth profile, the accelerated growth profile could come more from Nostix than from the VasoNova, but like all products in this category, would you start to take market share? You'll actually get a bounce on both categories and both should see growth. But the Nostix is more comparable to what the physicians are used to using in the marketplace. So, therefore, that's why anticipate that gaining momentum and it has some real competitive advantages over some of the systems out there.
Liam J. Kelly: So, Larry, good question. The reason that we would decide to do that now is because it's in our interest for the longer-term growth of the company. We, originally, anticipated that it would take longer to engage with the distributors in conversations about the go-direct. It normally, in our experience, takes a bit longer. But I guess given our history with LMA, Vidacare, the distributors were anticipating this and we got a bit of a lucky break as well, Larry, in all transparency in France, where one of the distributors was sold, which allowed us to begin the process. So, once we have begun that process, it opens up the door for us to have earlier conversations with the other distributors and what it means is we will have that direct channel within our control earlier in 2018, than we had originally anticipated, which bodes well for driving longer term growth for VSI in our own hands. So, that was the basis of the decision, Larry.
Liam J. Kelly: Okay, Larry, so I'll begin with the organic, and then, I'll turn to Percuvance, if that's okay? So, I think we're well poised for a very successful 2018. I think during the quarter two earnings call, I told the investment community to expect a slight uptick in our organic revenue growth in the second half of the year versus the first half. I think I also advised that China would become a tailwind in the second half contributing to that growth. It is still our expectation in quarter three, is very much in line with this. Our half year growth just for billing days and excluding scale acquisitions of 4.6% with organic at 3.8%, and if you look at the midpoint of our full year guidance that would have our full year growth excluding scale acquisitions of 4.4%; and organic at that 3.9%, up from 3.8%. So, Larry, to answer your question, we are expecting the uptake. I – again reiterated that our 4% to 5% full year revenue guidance included previously closed M&A. And also, looking into 2018, clearly, the headwind from the China go-direct will continue to be a tailwind. And we also think that the – we're very pleased with the new product acceleration and new product organic growth reaching 2.1% in the quarter, which as I said, was an all-time high for Teleflex. Percuvance didn't have any contributions into that new product revenue growth. And also in our quarter two earnings call, Larry, I mentioned that following the Percuvance recall, we expected to be back into the market during quarter three. As we dug into this with our third-party manufacturer, we identified additional issues. And as a result, we now anticipate being back in the market in early 2018. We are, of course, disappointed in this development especially since the customer demand and positivity towards the percutaneous product offering remains very high. But we're glad we caught it at this early stage. We will reengage with those customer trials and clinical evaluations once we are back in the market, and we will provide additional information of Percuvance expectations on our quarter four earnings call once we have more clarity. And again, we'll do the same in the spring at our Analyst Meeting. I would reiterate, Larry, we remain really enthusiastic for the longer-term prospect of this product. And again, as I said, we had an all time new product number of 2.1% revenue growth even without the contribution of Percuvance. So, I think it all bodes well for our longer-term outlook.
Liam J. Kelly: Yeah. Sure. So, David, I served in the U.S. Environment, and we have read the reports as well of utilization softness. Now, in all transparency, Dave, we are probably not the best company to be a benchmark on utilization. Most of our products are used in emergent procedures where the delivery of care is not optional. So, as the procedure volume goes down, we probably are the least impacted company in that regard because of our portfolio, and because of where we positioned our portfolio and the delivery of that emergent care as I said. Having said that, I mean, what we see especially through the third quarter is we see in the North American markets, utilization rates of our products continuing to grow modestly, and we don't see any pullback in utilization rates in the United States. So, that's our view of the market. Obviously, we're monitoring it pretty closely, and we don't anticipate seeing that into quarter four and to 2018. But as I said, Dave, we're probably not the best company to be a benchmark for that, we don't really track procedure volumes within hospitals. On NeoTract, clearly we're investing within this product category. Our investment thesis is that we will add a number of reps in the region of 8 reps to 10 reps again next year. As territories hit a tipping point, we will split the territories – we will either split the territories or add a consultant rep to assist the urology consultant within that territory to continue to accelerate the growth. And we – you're absolutely correct, we do anticipate generating 40% growth year-over-year, and we look at this very favorably.
Liam J. Kelly: Rich, thanks for the question. It's Liam. I'll take that. So, the initial integration has gone exceptionally well. I personally have been down there twice for signing and close. The people within NeoTract, I think see this very positively. We have had, I think one regrettable sales loss since close, but in all transparency that was a person that wanted to relocate. I think that would have happened whether it was part of Teleflex or not. The momentum within the company is still very solid. The sales team are very engaged. We are all committed to making the UroLift the standard of care for BPH, and the fact, I think that we have established it as its own business unit within Teleflex, obviously helps that, Rich, and it helps that team keep their own identity while being part of a bigger organization that obviously gives opportunities for future career growth within a larger company rather than a smaller. The management team is intact, Rich, and we don't envision significant changes in that regard either.
Liam J. Kelly: So, again, we haven't given guidance for 2018, but as I said Rich, in my prepared remarks, we still believe that VSI can add a point to our top-line growth as a company. And as we do our Q4 earnings call and guidance, obviously, we'll give more color on what VSI will add to Teleflex.
Liam J. Kelly: Well, if you look at the first half of 2018, I'll go back to what I said on the first of 2017, where China was a headwind of about 20 basis points, so obviously, we would see that going away, and we would see it becoming a – turning from a headwind to a tailwind in 2018. China had been a drag on our growth through the first three quarters, and in actual fact was – was negative in that timeframe, and it turned positive, China, so the tune of about 8.6% in quarter three. And we would see that continuing and accelerating slightly into quarter four in China.
Liam J. Kelly: Okay. So, with the – with the change, we didn't hear of any change that would happen for the CPT code for the UroLift, and so no adjustments to our reimbursement rate for that product. And our math is at the $1.5 million to $1.7 million would have NeoTract adding $28.5 million to $31.5 million in the fourth quarter.
Liam J. Kelly: Okay. And you're absolutely correct. We'll give longer-term guidance when we have our Analyst Day in the spring. I will tell you that we're very pleased that we're able to call up our longer-term benefit from restructuring by between $4 million to $7 million on this cause and that's a real positive for us. We do anticipate having modest positive core pricing and I think we're a little bit of a positive anomaly in that respect in Teleflex and we have been able to take a modest positive core pricing as well as pricing from our distributor to direct. And obviously, we have got continuous improvement programs in place. We have material substitution in place, and now, we have product mix playing in as well with VSI and NeoTract, having higher margins than our core portfolio. And then, making good decisions to exit lower margin portfolio as we did within our surgical business units. So, we will get further guidance on our Analyst Day, and I think the future looks bright for our margin expansion story.
Liam J. Kelly: So, obviously, we're very focused on our own PICC portfolio that as I said is growing rapidly. We do – are very focused on the antimicrobial and anti-thrombogenic nature of our products, which clearly gives us an advantage. And through that, the three quarters, we're growing it over 25%, as I said, in my prepared remarks. Any integration of two companies of that size would cause disruption. We think that it may have a nice opportunity for us with some talent acquisition. And regardless of whether the two companies would unite, I think we're very well positioned to take share of BARD in its own or with BARD under BD. And we have just resubmitted our coded PICC in China, which we would anticipate getting that registration within 12 months. So, we're quite bullish about our opportunities within the PICC space as we compete with Baird and also AngioDynamics. And we also see that we have a positioning system that was formerly positioning system of another company and that gives us a good opportunities for continued growth in that segment.
Liam J. Kelly: So, let me just say your assumption about us, of our not telling you what other businesses are on the target list is absolutely correct. I think our broader operating philosophy has been that as we are making acquisitions, like Vascular Solutions and NeoTract, it puts us in a position to be able to take a look at additional things in our business portfolio which may not have the same strategic importance to us – maybe lower growth, lower gross margin products, less lined up in a good competitive network. So, that's kind of the framework at which we're looking at it, the attractiveness of the interest to another buyer is obviously another thing. So, much beyond that, we're really not able to comment, other than don't be surprised if we do so more of this.
Liam J. Kelly: So, that the U.S. was in line with our expectations, we saw an uptick year-to-date was slightly ahead in APAC. And you're absolutely correct, most of the impact was in Europe. And what happens? Clearly, the distributors we end – we begin the conversations with the distributors on a go-direct. So, they stop ordering, they're not going to order product and have it sitting in their warehouse for us to buy it back and just ties up cash for them. So, the impact was almost exclusively seen within Europe from a degradation standpoint and the U.S. was in line with our general expectation.
Liam J. Kelly: So, the decision to buy the company in China has very little to do with that particular phenomenon. As I said in my remarks, it will actually help us get through this – Chinese FDA for some product categories. But the decision to buy that company was really to solidify our supply chain for our fast growing LMA with silicone product, which is one of our new products and it was manufactured by that company Tianjin (48:57). So, it will help with our margin profile, it will help with our ability to continue to grow that product in North America. And I think that you are right that the Chinese government is giving preference to local manufacturers. But that has been happening for the last two years and we've addressed that with very differentiated products within our portfolio that are not easy to substitute in that marketplace.
Liam J. Kelly: Okay, Matt. So, if we go back to the 4% to 5%. The 4%, 5% did include previously completed M&A in our guidance, which we gave at the beginning of the year. Now, if we go back to where we're performing versus that. And if you take our constant currency guidance of 14.25% to 14.75%. You take out VSI and you take out NeoTract, and you normalize our billing days and do all that. You are at a range of call it 4.25% to 4.55%, with a midpoint of 4.4%. So, that's a comparative to our guidance, and then, our original guidance would insinuate or give you an organic growth of 3.7% to 4.6% at the midpoint of over 4.1%, and our current guidance would give you 3.75% to 4.05% with the midpoint of about 3.9%. So, all in all, those are the moving pieces, and clearly, we exited some lower margin business, as I – which I said in my prepared remarks as a headwind of about 20 basis points all coming in the second half of the year for the 20s of full year basis. So, we're very comfortable where we are in relation to our guidance and very comfortable where we are in relation to our organic growth. And obviously, a key component to that is new product, which we continue to see acceleration on.
Liam J. Kelly: So, you're right, given the offering would be midway through, it would be slightly elevated from what we're seeing in the fourth quarter. I don't have the exact number calculated as of yet, but...
Liam J. Kelly: So, Matt, I said earlier that North American growth was in line with our expectations. I mean, the impact, we estimate the impact of the distributor destocking in Europe to be about $2.5 million and further destocking that will happen in the fourth quarter as we have these conversations. The important thing here, Matt, is that destocking takes place accelerates our opportunities in 2018 for the go-direct. So, it's a short-term headwind, but it's a longer-term positive for Teleflex.
Liam J. Kelly: Okay, Andrew. So, we have said in the past that about 8% to 9% of our business is a potential for a go-direct, and of that, about one-third, it would be attractive to is then would be in geographies that we would consider. Obviously, we've executed in China, at the same time we did the VSI acquisition, which almost refills the bucket with the exact same value. So, the original statement still holds. Obviously, now we will execute in 2018, on a significant portion of the VSI go-direct, which will bring down that overall percentage. But we still are constantly looking at opportunities for our go-direct, and there are still some parts of the world that we think we should execute on in the next coming years.
Liam J. Kelly: Thank you. Actually, the comments that we made, Andrew, were around our anesthesia portfolio, and I'm happy to be able to comment that our anesthesia portfolio had a very solid quarter, three growing at 4.3%, driven predominantly by new product introductions, the LMA with silicone that I spoke about earlier, the LMA with Gastro, and also the Pyng acquisition that we introduced in the intraosseous space in that group. So, we – there's always competition in parts of our business. But I think we're managing some of that competition very well.
Liam J. Kelly: So, clearly, Matt, there are some areas of investment that we have identified within Teleflex. NeoTract, as we have always said was an investment thesis for Teleflex, we will continue to invest in particular in the sales channel in NeoTract. The go-directs in Europe will require some investment, and I think we did alert the investment community that we will begin that investment in the latter half of the year in anticipation of the go-direct. But we will have to put sales resources into Europe to support the growth that we anticipate from VSI in Europe. And obviously, there are parts of our portfolios that are fast growing, like the intraosseous with Vidacare and now with Pyng, that we would put resources. But we're – our philosophy on investment, Matt, is we invest behind our highest margin, fastest growing assets in order to drive ongoing shareholder value. So, that is our philosophy in order to continue to accelerate Teleflex's growth profile.
Liam J. Kelly: You're correct, it's pretty small, Matt, but at the same token, we're just keeping a very watchful eye. We have some components that go into our kits that come out of that geography. And also, we are watching very closely what happens to the price of PVC, not because of the hurricane per se on providers down there, but the demand for PVC will go up as the building industry increases its demand for that raw material. So, we're watching that closely to see if that's going to have a cost impact, but that will impact every medical device company that uses PVC, not just Teleflex, so we don't see it is as being significant, and we didn't see the hurricanes as having a significant impact on our revenue growth in Q3.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. And Benson congratulations, I don't know if you'll be with us on the fourth quarter call, but it's been a great ride and congratulations.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Well, good luck. And thanks for everything. Two on NeoTract, and then, one on the restructuring target. So on just trying to walk through the math for the fourth quarter actually on what's actually baked in. So, I think by my math here you're baking in about $10 million, but the run rate on $115 million to $120 million seems to be much higher. So, maybe just to reconcile the fourth quarter contribution for NeoTract. And then, yeah, the update would be I think the shift in Medicare rates came out last night. I'm just wondering how it shook out for the UroLift CPT codes heading into 2018. What actually is the rate in 2017 and what will that rate be in 2018? And then, I'll have a follow-up on margins. Thanks.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Got it. And on the margin front, I know we're – we'll get an update next year – in the spring at the Analyst Day. But I'm just wondering as you – as you look outward now and how this flows into margins, you know anything that that you could share on what the mix of maybe a margin of uplift will look like, you know between restructuring, gains going forward, mix, and perhaps even to the extent that price still plays into margin as a driver. Thanks.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: And what if I could sneak in is just back-end (44:25) for BARD, maybe just a comment on the tech market, and if you see any changes with the new ownership of BARD coming down? Thanks.
