Benson Smith: So I think the most fundamental change in the High-Fives that we’re making some adjustments to, has to do with our revenue assumptions in our longer-term plan. The original description of the High-Fives – and I think we were careful to not to overstate how much of our improvement was going to come from revenue that we were uncertain of, and so the expectation that we’d be able to grow at 5% seemed reasonable at the time, particularly given the last couple of prior years of medical device sales at Teleflex. We are now, based on trajectory of our sales over the last year and looking forward into 2012 and 2013, believe that 7% is a much more achievable revenue growth target for us during that period of time, as we get to the last three years of that timeframe. So that adds to the formula additional volume, which improves our gross margin and adds to a considerably improved leverage from our selling and marketing expenses. So we have adjusted, I think, the way that we’re going achieve the High-Fives. We have not adjusted our timeframe to get there. And I think it’s our internal belief that the path we have now actually is an easier route to get there, because of those increased volumes than some of the things that had to transpire for us to get there earlier. Yeah. I’ll give you an example. There was a lot of concern about whether or not we would be able to deliver price increases at 1% per year over the next several years. And I think some of those concerns have borne out a little bit in the fact that Europe remains a more challenged environment. Our ability to raise revenues to 7%, based on our current trajectories, takes some of the difficulties in achieving the High-Fives the way we were previously thinking about them. So we don’t see that there’s, just summarize, we don’t see that there’s any real difference in the timeframe to achieve them, we are relying somewhat more on revenue than we had in the past.
Benson Smith: So it’s a little difficult for us to make predictions much further out than the next three years. But there’s nothing on the horizon that we know of, at this point in time, which would slow down our revenue growth. So the answer is yes, with a lot more caution as we get well into the outer years in terms of what might happen in the market.
Benson Smith: So our – first of all, in the 2012 guidance, we’re assuming 100 basis points improvement in our operating margin over our 2011 results. Originally, we had projected a number somewhere between 150 basis points and 200 basis points and I think in the course of the script, we addressed the issues of the differences in terms of that number and the 100 basis points number. In terms of pricing initiatives, I have to tell you that we have been really pleased with the results of our pricing initiatives in both Asia and in North America. And we actually don’t see any change in our assumptions in terms of the positive pricing increase that’s coming out of those regions. Europe was a drag on our results this year, to the tune of about 120 basis points and we believe we can mitigate some of that in 2012, but are making our assumptions based on relatively conservative adjustments in the European arena. So I think some of our short-term pricing initiatives can be eroded a little bit by what goes on in Europe, but we’re really pleased with what’s happened in North America and Asia and those price initiatives are sticking. I would add also, that gross margins are expected to grow by approximately 100 basis points and there’s a significant impact of that from pricing.
Benson Smith: Yeah. So they come from principally two different areas. Number one, we are accelerating our R&D spending beyond what was in our original thought process for 2012. One of the results of our decentralized approach and splitting R&D into our different strategic business units, has been the identification of more projects than we had on our plate before. We’ve gone through a pretty careful review of what those projects are and think that the additional expenditure is warranted. And that’s a good example of spending more in 2012. We’re not going to realize the benefit of that until 2013 and in some cases 2014. If we don’t spend it now, that places in jeopardy, the opportunity to really to grow at that 7% number. The second area really of expense, is re-alignment of some of our sales and marketing expenditures and activities towards those product lines, specifically, that we believe have some significant potential to grow. And I want to comment on this, that we’re not simply spending more money, we have redirected a lot of resources from slower growth businesses into those businesses and as well as, adding some additional resources. And VasoNova’s a good example. We’ve been very pleased with the early results from our clinical trials and feel like we would be missing an opportunity not to make sure that’s reinforced with the appropriate sales forces this year.
Benson Smith: So the longer-term targets for gross margins for our medical device segments of our business remains at 55% and our operating margins remain at 25%. The adjustment that we’re really making is in the – is raising the revenue portion of the High-Fives from a 5% sustainable growth rate to a 7% sustainable growth rate. That does change how you get to the 55% and how you get to the 25%, somewhat over the years, as a result of increased volume and increased leverage.
Benson Smith: So the short answer to that, without getting into a lot of detail, is yes. I think like everyone else, we’re really cognizant of that – of the likelihood of that coming to pass and have calculated that into our expectations for 2013 with some hope that it doesn’t come to pass, but what we’re not particularly optimistic that that’s going to be the case.
Benson Smith: So I think the upper end of the range is represented by, I think, somewhat more optimistic division-by-division expectations on the revenue line, than we would feel comfortable with in putting into our actual plan. However, there are some – certainly, there are some trajectories that support the business units’ plan to get there. So it reflects some conservatism. Mostly, it’s going to come from increased volume, as opposed to adjustments in the pricing thing. We expect that the adjustments in pricing are going to happen at either end of the range. They’re not the issue that is responsible for our revenue range.
Benson Smith: What we’ve seen historically, is GPO growth rates for us have been at the top end of our revenue range and we expect that to continue.
Benson Smith: So the answer to your question is, you’re right. With 10 new GPO contracts that we didn’t have in the prior year, particularly in areas like our cardiac business, we expect pretty reasonable share gain. So the majority of our growth is coming from – obviously, from volume and not pricing, particularly in GPO contracts, but it’s a little different; the share gains actually are quite different from new contracts to existing renewals, where we probably already capitalized on the share opportunity within that contract.
Benson Smith: Yeah. So the average price increase coming out of Asia-Pacific and North America is actually somewhat above that 1% number. It gets down to our range of 50 basis points to 75 basis points when you – based on the assumptions you make about how big of a drag Europe might be on those numbers. So Europe is negative, Asia-Pacific and North America are above that 1% number.
Benson Smith: So I would say that the 510(k) labeling extension has not had a factor this quarter. The average evaluation time and decision time has ranged – there’s a big range from hospital to hospital, some move quicker, some move slowly. But the range is somewhere between three months and 10 months from the time we get an okay to start an evaluation in a hospital to the time they might actually make the decision. The reason for that range, is for the most part, this does represent a significant short-term expenditure for the hospital that’s only justified really if they can really remove the X-ray from that equation. Our system as you’re aware of, is priced much higher than competitive systems, which don’t have as good of a track record in eliminating X-rays. So the hospital has to be pretty comfortable that that’s a sustainable event that they can count on as taking out of their budget. The good news from our perspective, is that in many cases, the longer the evaluation goes, the more likely they are to go ahead and make that conversion. So it’s not something we’ve been deliberately trying to accelerate. The second issue to your question about the pipeline, is that the pipeline is much more robust going into the 2012, than it was going into 2013. In my scripted remarks, I mentioned that we are anticipating and have lined up for the first half of the year, approximately 30 new trials per month. So there’s a lot of activity and some of our increased expense in sales and marketing is to support that activity.
Benson Smith: It’s the numbers that are contained in our 2012 plan or guidance. As we look out further than that, we remain confident about the contribution we’re going to be able to get from Asia and North America. And we think, depending on what happens in Europe, we think there’s some opportunity to mitigate what the impact that Europe or the negative impact from Europe. It’s just the nature of European sales, many of which are tender driven, many of which contain relatively severe restrictions to even enter a tender this year, that slow down some of our efforts to improve pricing. However, we have a more aggressive program in place this year for Europe, to be really more selective in looking for those places where we can get some price increases. So – but that – the number we gave you is strictly and only related to our 2012 plan.
Benson Smith: Yeah. So just as a matter of course, each of our divisions essentially has appropriate contingency plans to be able respond to lower than planned revenue numbers. And we have also the appropriate contingency, thought process going at corporate in terms of how we would respond to lower than expected revenue numbers, so that it doesn’t have a one-for-one impact on what our EPS is.
Randy Meier: Just to reinforce and give you a sense that we’re not just investing, but we are re-aligning some of the cost. In the fourth quarter, we did go through a reduction of workforce in targeting two of our specific sales forces by continue to invest in other sales forces. So I think it gets backs to Benson’s point, that while we’re increasing some of the investment maybe in the front end of our business, in both sales, marketing and R&D, we aren’t doing so completely across the board, we’re investing in those areas where we think we’re going to get the most leverage as well.
Randy Meier: Okay. When we look at our interest expense, I believe we’ll be coming in at about $70 million for the whole year going forward. And this is a reflection of just the elimination of the swap. We haven’t had any plans to further reduce interest expense, although that – or excuse me, total debt, although that remains an option for us, depending how we move through the year.
Randy Meier: I would expect that revenue is going to sustain at a similar level going forward. We think with the 10 new contracts, we certainly have the opportunity to continue to leverage our growth rate in North America, which has been a pretty significant focus for us in the last year and we’re really starting to see dividends in both the investment and the expansion of our presence in the GPO arena.
Randy Meier: Sure. As many of you know, our aerospace business was predominantly based outside the United States, so the vast majority of the proceeds do sit outside the United States. And while we have provided, from an income tax perspective on the income statement for the possibility of repatriation, we are very comfortable leaving that cash offshore and waiting to see how things pan out here. With current interest rates where they are and given our capital structure, our overall cost-to-capital on the debt side is in the low 4%. We don’t see as an urgency to move forward and having that cash sitting on the balance sheet is an enabler to move fairly quickly on a transaction outside the United States. So we’ll sit back and look and see how things unfold in 2012 and keep you posted as to whether we decide to more aggressively pay down debt. But again, we don’t have any amortization schedules and the next time we have any debt repayment requirements is 2014. So we’re pretty comfortable right now.
Randy Meier: Chris, to expand a little bit on that, I think if you look at some of the footnotes in terms of the adjusted earnings, you can see it has the, I think, the quality of our earnings have improved from 2010 to 2011. And one of the benefits of that, is we had a little bit more visibility into our variable spend as opposed to our fixed spend. And so to just to echo what Benson said, we do have the opportunity should some of the top nine not materialize later in the year, to continue to manage our costs going forward. And certainly with our SBU structure, we have the ability to get to that in a fairly expeditious manner, rather than where were about a year or so ago.
Anthony Petrone – Jefferies: Thanks. Thanks, gentlemen. Just want to stay on the revenue guidance for a moment. So the 300 or so basis point increase from volume specifically and really relates to the comments just a moment ago. So if we look at that specifically, how much would be related to GPO volumes versus share gains? I’m assuming there’s a little bit of both in there.
Anthony Petrone – Jefferies: Great. And then, just to go back on the price increase for a moment, Benson. So you mentioned that the 1% in APAC and North America. So as we go forward, should we assume that, that itself does continue with some moderation in Europe? I just want to clarify those comments as it relates to price increases going forward.
Anthony Petrone – Jefferies: That’s great. And then, maybe the last one from me, Randy. And when we look at debt service and maybe the proceeds from the final Telair sale. I think you were mentioned in prior quarters waiting on some tax repatriation legislation. And I’m not aware that we’ve seen any. Is that still the case there? And if you do have favorable legislation, could you potentially see an acceleration in debt service? Thanks.
