Jake Elguicze: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone and welcome to the Teleflex Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. The press release and slides to accompany this call are available on our website at www.teleflex.com. As a reminder, this call will be available on our website, and a replay will be available by dialing (888) 286-8010 or for international calls, (617) 801-6888, passcode 10277897. Participating on today's call are Benson Smith, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Thomas Powell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Benson and Tom will make brief prepared remarks, and then we'll open up the call to questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of the matters discussed in the conference call will contain forward-looking statements regarding future events as outlined on Slide 4. We wish to caution you that such statements are in fact forward-looking in nature and are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially. The factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially include, but are not limited to, factors made in our press release today as well as our filing with the SEC, including our Form 10-K, which can be accessed on our website. With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Benson.
Jake Elguicze: Yes, I think for the adjusted add back, I believe, is somewhere around $0.82, I think, for the full year net of tax from an intangible standpoint.
Jake Elguicze: Thank you, operator, and thanks to everyone that joined us for the call this morning. This concludes the Teleflex Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Have a good day.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, we think the magnitude is about the same as you referenced, about $0.25 for the year, and we expect that to be ratable throughout the year.
Thomas E. Powell: With respect to the North American distribution center, that's really progressing along as we have scheduled. So the costs that we'll incur in the first quarter are as expected, and the costs in the fourth quarter of the year were also as expected and included in the forecast and guidance we had provided.
Thomas E. Powell: So for the quarter, for the fourth quarter, reported gross margins were in the 47.5% range. And to give you some perspective on how these different items impacted the margins, the investment we made in the distribution center is about 40 basis points for the quarter. We had about 10 basis points associated with the start up of one of our acquired businesses, largely associated with ramping up manufacturing and the typical scrap and other matters associated with just getting the manufacturing up and running. And then the biggest cost was associated with the unsalable product. As mentioned, the majority of that was largely associated with the Asian distribution center. But that was kind of in the 60 to 80 basis points of impact for the quarter.
Thomas E. Powell: I'm not certain that we specifically did. But I think that, obviously, you've got to give some thought to how the converts may play out. We'd assume share count for the year would be in the range of 42 5 probably will be a fair estimate for that. And obviously, if the share price were to move up markedly from where it is today, that number could go up.
Thomas E. Powell: No, I think I can probably relate [ph] that pricing pretty closely. And so for the quarter, pricing was up 126 basis points, and that breaks down about 125 points for North America; Asia was up about 330, Latin America, about 370; and then EMEA, about 30 basis points.
Thomas E. Powell: Sure. Well, as we think about 2013, there's really 3 different major areas that we're looking towards for driving gross margin. And the first would be similar to 2012, we're going to drive some margin associated with the pricing we discussed through mix and through new product introductions. And so we look for that to be a fairly substantial piece. And we've also got cost improvement programs, which would include such actions as the closure of our Mount Holly facility. We've got investments in automation in Malaysia. We've got products to in-source, some products for our OEM businesses. So a number of cost improvement programs in addition to the assumption that a lot of the costs that I mentioned in the fourth quarter related to the excess in obsolete inventory we put behind us. And then we also will pick up a benefit from LMA. So the fact that LMA and some of the smaller strategic acquisitions will be generating revenue at higher than average margins, that will help us. And if I were to think about the breakdown, it's about 40% from the price mix new products, 40% from cost improvement programs and 20% of the improvement comes from LMA.
Thomas E. Powell: Sure. Well, the warrants do come into the money at around $74 a share. And so those are creating some additional dilution as the share price is above and beyond $74 range. Our intention right now is to leave both the warrants and the call which -- essentially, there's a call out there that offsets the dilution associated with the incremental shares from the convert, our intent right now is to leave both the warrants and the call outstanding. I think...
Thomas E. Powell: Yes, so when we look at the Japanese yen, that business isn't a significant part of our total company's revenues. It's about 3%. So we don't see that as being a significant issue, plus or minus. The area that obviously we're more concerned or watch more closely is what's happening with the dollar euro. As we started out the year and for planning purposes, we assumed a rate assumption of about 126. We saw that exchange rate trend up close to 136. It's now retrenched quite a bit in the last 2 days, just under 132. So I think that from our perspective, we watch the euro U.S. dollar exchange rate much more closely than yen.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, could you just kind of restate the numbers that you were assuming? We weren't able to hear quite clearly. Want to make sure we're hearing what you had cited.
Thomas E. Powell: Well, just looking at the accounting dilution, which differ somewhat from the economic dilution in that there are 3 different dilutive or anti-dilutive instruments out there. One is the convert, the other is the call and the other are the warrants. From an accounting perspective, we do not get the benefit of the call, which essentially was structured to offset the dilution from the convert, from an economic standpoint, because that instrument is anti-dilutive, so excluded from the accounting calculation. So let's right now focus on the accounting impact. In about $75 per share, that dilution will be right about 1.2 million shares. If, in fact, the share price were to trend up to $85, the dilution would be built from 1.2 million to about 2.6 million shares. I don't think we get quite up to that point of the 4 million that you had cited unless the share price is $100 or more. So as we're thinking about this, right now we've taken a look at the economics of the convert, and it's trading at a pretty hefty premium in the marketplace. It'll be quite expensive to bring back in. So for right now, we intended to keep the convert outstanding.
Benson E. Smith: So the general plan for synergy realization for 2013 lies primarily on the elimination of the LMA corporate offices and the integration of the U.S. sales teams. The plan for -- or the synergies coming from distribution absorption are largely related to expected synergies in 2014. So we're taking somewhat of a cautious approach in terms of the synergies coming from distributions for those very reasons. I would say we just had a presentation this week in terms of the progress that we're making there. And essentially, we're on schedule, but we are taking a slower approach to that than we are to the things that will have the biggest impact in 2013.
Benson E. Smith: So for fourth quarter 2011, price amounted to 50 basis points. A year later, it was at 126 basis points above and beyond that point. And it really had more to do with the time that it takes from an announced price increase for it to filter its way through various contracts and -- so it takes about 6 months for that to happen at its full extent. At this point, I'll only reiterate that I think our -- the plans we presented publicly have about 1% price increase and we're -- from everything we're looking at, we're -- again, we're confident that we are most likely to see that as we move forward.
Benson E. Smith: So fourth quarter for us, particularly the last month in the fourth quarter, probably came in slightly up. We largely attribute that to a strong flu season as opposed to any underlying trends in procedural rates.
Benson E. Smith: So I think things -- we -- really, we don't have any additional information that would lead us to believe that there's been any substantive change there. I'll reiterate that in our own particular product line, we tend not to be influenced as much by ups and downs in some of the procedural rates as other of our competitors. So I don't know that we're a good barometer for what's happening across the board in the marketplace. But generally speaking, other than some of the idiosyncrasies that Tom referred to with our OEM business and shipping days, we haven't seen anything to lead us in that direction.
Benson E. Smith: So I would say that it represents our best guess in terms of what it's likely to be. As in most things, we try and err on the slightly conservative side than the more optimistic side. But I would say the range that we're looking at is relatively small within 9 -- I would say the range is between 90 basis points and 120 basis points.
Benson E. Smith: So we finished 2012 as we expected in China. Brazil was lower than what our expectations were going into the year largely because of a customs strike in Brazil that did not allow the importation of our products for several months. That has been resolved, and our expectations for Brazil return to a more normalized healthy growth rate for 2013. And China continues to be on track and will be buoyed somewhat by LMA where we have, I think, aggressive growth expectations for that product line as well.
Benson E. Smith: So in previous calls and at the Analyst Day, we suggested that the impact from some of those other manufacturing moves is likely to start to take -- have some impact to us in late 2014 and then certainly in 2015. At this point, about the only commentary I can make is we have a pretty well orchestrated plan that we are marching to and looks at optimization from a number of perspectives and risk of execution and likelihood of achievement are figure high in selecting the actual projects that we're undertaking. I think from a general perspective, we're comfortable with the range of improvement in gross margin that we have articulated earlier, which is somewhere between 250 and 350 basis points.
Benson E. Smith: Overall, I think that's a pretty good estimate, Larry. We expect, and I think have already announced that we expect gross margin improvement this year to be in the 200 basis points range, and that holds true for the next couple of years after that. There is a bit of a lag between the time that shows up in operating margins, largely driven this year by the medical device tax and also by just some of the investments you have to make to get to those gross margin improvements. But your timing is about as we see it.
Benson E. Smith: So the general capital acquisition market globally for capital equipment is soft, and that is what we would attribute the biggest driver to in terms of balloon pumps. We did see above expected rates in our actual balloon sales, so we do not attribute that to any change in practice in the use of intra-aortic balloons as part of clinical procedures. I think it's just a matter of timing and capital equipment and may be influenced also by some changes in pump design that have to be available on the market by the mid part of 2014, I think it is. And that may be delaying some institution's purchase of equipment until some of those adjustments are made. I'll turn it over to Tom to answer in a bit more detail about inventory write-offs.
Benson E. Smith: So right now, Asia is the easiest place for us to take price, and I think one of the areas where we were simply well underpriced across the board. Europe because it's largely a tender market and also because of just the economic circumstances in Europe is more difficult. That's been reflective of the differences in price improvements throughout the year, and it's our expectation that that's going to be quite similar in 2013.
Benson E. Smith: So we continue to see a very good acceptance of the VasoNova technology in the major accounts that we are targeting. Our experience is, is that the longer the evaluation goes on, the more likely the account is to convert over to the product. We are continuing to see good pull-through from accounts that then migrate over to our PICC product line. That has been enhanced considerably by the availability of a preloaded PICC with the Stylet in it. And we have just released what I'll say is our top-of-the-line product in that area, which is the antimicrobial, antithrombogenic PICC that was just released and comes preloaded now with the Stylet. So our optimism about that product's long-term success remains high.
Benson E. Smith: I think that the balance of Tom's comments were that overall, our expected share price was a little lower. Our expectation also of the euro was a little lower, and those are balancing each other out.
Benson E. Smith: So as you know, we have a very diverse product offering. And during the Analyst Day, we presented a chart that showed, really, a number of new products that we introduce. So that number is not as dependent on a single product offering. That being said, we certainly expect -- if I had to single out 3 of the bigger components in it, it would be sales related to the VPS system, the PICC sales that we expect to generate as a result of customers converting to the VasoNova system, the EFx product line that we launched in the fall of this year continues to do really well and is gaining good acceptance. So those 3 products probably are 3 that have the biggest weight. But there's another 10 products that are also into that mix that are also making a contribution.
Anthony Petrone: Just kind of go back to gross margin for a second, Tom, and just to get an idea of what the contribution from LMA was in the quarter and sort of how that plays out in the first quarter. It sounds like the -- some of the start-up manufacturing excess costs will go away, and perhaps you won't have the inventory write-downs but you will have some of the distribution headwind. So once we get a full quarter of LMA in there, I'm wondering how all of those moving parts play out at the gross margin level.
Anthony Petrone: Okay. And then a few more for you, Tom, just one on the exposure in Japan. The Japanese yen has been under pressure here. I'm wondering what that exposure is. And then going back to the share count as well, I'm just trying to get a sense of the convertible hedge portion of the structure there. It's my understanding that there's warrants that were issued there that are in the money. But I also believe the company has the option to purchase back those warrants for their excess cash value. I'm just wondering what the approach will be there. If there's any guidance there, that will be helpful.
Anthony Petrone: Yes, Japanese yen exposure, just given the pressure in that currency, sort of how that plays out this year.
