Benson Smith: Thanks, Tom. So in closing, I would like to say that I'm pleased with our performance to date particularly in the second quarter when the process of creating a platform that will allow for consistent, sustainable, and profitable revenue growth for many years to come.  We certainly recognize that market conditions are tough. In fact, tougher than we planned on as regards to currency and the overall economy. However, when you find yourself having to swim upstream in a difficult market, sometimes you just to pedal harder. And I appreciate the effort of many, many Teleflex employees around the world who are helping us do just that.  In spite of these tougher circumstances, I believe we've crafted a more detailed pathway to the achievement of our high five objectives. Price has helped and will continue to help. Product mix will help as we eliminate slow growth, low margin product lines, and replace them through R&D and acquisitions with higher growth higher margin products.  Improvements in our manufacturing cost structures and distribution facilities will also play a critical role. If the market conditions result in our falling short in one area, I believe we have enough compensatory room in the other areas to make up for the shortfall and still achieve our objectives.  And before I turn the call over for Q&A, I would like to tell you that we plan on doing a first ever analyst day this fall. We'll provide further details surrounding this event in the not too distant future. But we believe that this will serve as a great opportunity for the investment community to meet a new Teleflex.  That concludes the formal prepared remarks sections of the presentation. With that, I would like to turn the call back to the Operator for questions. Operator.  
Benson Smith: So we’re in the process of going through the same kind of analysis we went through last year in identifying the particular products where we thing we are underpriced in the marketplace. We are in the middle of the process actually of implementing that second round of price adjustments. I think our analysis at this point is that we have a good degree of confidence that this will continue through the next year. And then next July we’ll essentially be in the same position again of going through our product line and looking for the most obvious opportunities at that point in time. You know, I think our overall reaction is that the first year pricing improvements went somewhat better than what we expected and so based on that we do have a relatively high degree of confidence that we’re going to see that perpetuate certainly through the next 12 months. 
Benson Smith: Yes, so the better controls certainly was an element of it, but the substantial part of the price increases came from actual increases in prices communicated to customers. 
Benson Smith: Sure, so as we spoke, we are looking to consolidate three distribution facilities into one. We expect that the consolidation will be completed by next summer. For this year, it’s actually dilutive about $0.03 for the year, such included in our estimate for earnings for the year. Next year there won’t be substent of costs or benefit, but starting in 2014 we expect to benefit to be in the range of $4.5 to $5 million. So pretty significant improvement in our margins going forward as a result of that consolidation. 
Benson Smith: So there are, I think I would say just in general, we attach quite a bit of significance to these IDN contracts. They tend to be the largest hospital managed groups in the country, so in many cases the largest customers, and they operate in proximity with, but often somewhat independently with GPO contracts. And so they just are an important ingredient in getting at the largest group of hospital customers. We started putting more and more focused on that as a customer base last year when we expanded our sales force covering those accounts. We started to see some benefit from that in the first quarter where we got a new IDN contract. This year to date we’ve gotten 12, but 11 of those just in Q2 alone. So there’s been quite a good ramp up in terms of these really large customers forces as a result of that are directed directly at them. 
Benson Smith: So it can be both. I think that when they are committed volume contracts it’s just a much easier to be able to go into that IDN and get them to move because the commitment is from the hospital themselves. But there certainly are cases where they have awarded dual vendors as well where you battle it out with another competitor.
Benson Smith: So it’s as you can imagine, varies somewhat from country to country. We have seen some very, very modest slowdown in our accounts receivable, but not as much of a slowdown as we might have feared or expected. It’s obviously an area that we watch quite closely. There has been some reports of slowdown in procedures because of the economy. In Greece, for example, the concern of the moment right now is in Spain. But it’s hard for us to put a real precise quantitative number on that. It obviously remains an area of watchfulness for us. Other countries like Germany, you see much less effected right now. So it differs somewhat in terms of country by country and think that there is in all probabilities some at least slight slowdown in procedure utilization as a result of the uncertainty. 
Benson Smith: Sure, so for this quarter we had an impact from currency on revenue of about 4.1% headwind versus a year ago. That was about 15.7 million. On the gross margin it was about a  $7.7 million impact. And then operating profit I believe was about 1.1. In terms of the place where we have natural hedges versus synthetic, we actually hedge a good portion of our transactional exposure. Where we’re exposed is our translations. So from an accounting perspective we do about 30% of our business where our revenues are conducted in the euro, and that’s our greatest exposure. A little over 50% is in US dollar, and so that’s where we’re going to see the greatest impact going forward. We started out the year we’re expecting the euro to be in the 135 range and we’re now projecting it to be in the 125 range for the balance of the year. You know, if you look at rates this morning I think you’d see it’s a little under the 125, but it’s been moving around over the past month. 
Benson Smith: Well you are correct and there are a lot of things moving through our projections for the quarter, so there’s a lot of activity both in the economic environment as well as internally. So let me help you with that. If we were just to kind of start with [Inaudible]. For the full year we expect that to about a $.13 negative impact. The M&A is in the neighborhood of $0.16 negative for the year. The DC consolidation is another $0.03 or so cents. And on a full year basis we expect a currency to have a greater impact than what we saw in the 2nd quarter. So we expect that the net impact of the transaction and translation would be a net $0.09 or $0.10 in the negative. Helping to offset some of that is the upside that we saw in taxes that I referenced and that’s about $0.20 or $0.22 for the year. So overall, there’s a number of negative impacts flowing through offsetting that are some of our internal cost actions and other improvements we’re seeing in the gross margin. We’ve had a number of cost improvement programs going through the manufacturing side as well as ongoing cost savings initiatives in overhead. So those would then balance out to help offset kind of the negative impact. So while there’s a lot of negative impact from the currency we feel pretty good that we’ve been able to largely offset that, as well as the investments we’re making within internal productivity in other measures. 
Benson Smith: Well in terms of the back half of the year on taxes, I’d be assuming in the 25 to 26% effective tax rate. And then in terms of the four acquisitions we closed this quarter, as   Benson mentioned, they’re a late stage technology pre-revenue. And so we look at those transactions as a complement to our internal R&D spending. As we looking into next year, some of them will be accretive, some will still be diluted. And as we approach next year, the way we’re going to look at that is it’s effectively an extension of our current R&D spending. We’ll look to balance kind of that total portfolio of spending to accomplish both our longer term strategic objectives, but at the same time recognizing that we better deliver on kind of mirror term financial and profit objective. So we haven’t worked through the detailed planning process to give you a specific number, but we do look to kind of balance and integrate those acquisitions into our existing portfolio and try some synergies as a result of that integration. 
Benson Smith: So I think that the – we are continuing to be quite pleased with the ratio of trials-to-win rates. The actual length of time it’s taking an account to go through that trial process is a little bit longer than what we had thought maybe a couple of months ago, so it has been difficult for us to keep up with 30 new trials a month, not because of accounts that aren’t willing to start the trials, but just our own seeling headcount capacity to keep up with those. So obviously, one of the issues for us to address as we look into next year is finding a way to accommodate those customers that are keenly interested in trying to [inaudible] the system. So we’re – we continue to be quite enthusiastic about the revenue contributions that that’s going to make starting – certainly starting in 2013. 
Benson Smith: So we have a – I think we have a quite good ground games in both Asia and Latin America. We’re continuing to benefit from the expansion of healthcare utilization, particularly in China and Brazil, I think are the two – the two real leaders for us in that area. In both cases, there’s a – an effort on our part to expand our direction selling capability, that’s particularly true in China. So every year we’re adding to the sales headcount that we have. The – we certainly have a strategy to also expand our local manufacturing in China, which will not just provide us with some cost advantages in that particular market, but also some speedier reviews on the regulatory front. I think a very similar strategy can be articulated for Brazil. In both cases, there’s much more favorable treatment either from a regulatory or from a tariff perspective for manufacturers that have some local presence there. Even in spite of – even in spite of some appearance slowdown in GDP growth for both those markets, they still, in our view, remain growers over the next five to ten years and so we’re continuing to make an investment in those regions. 
Benson Smith: So is there – so the answer to that is probably always yes. I think that the – at least one thing to understand is that from the time we design a new product here and get it ready to go, there’s often an 18-month to 24-month lag before it actually works its way through the Chinese Regulatory Department. So we are – we are, right now are focusing on getting more of those products into the system sooner and then our decision around headcount really relates to what things are we able to sell in that particular year in China as a result of registration submitted earlier. So it’s not quite as easy as just turning on the spicket and adding headcount, you have to do the work up front in getting all the work done to get products registered. 
Benson Smith: This is Benson, it’s really combination of all of those elements. Take the benefit from the taxes out of it, all the rest is being made up from a series of contributions that come from different areas. So, it’s almost evenly split among a variety of different sources. I don’t know if this is helpful or not, but if you just look at the second quarter in isolation, consensus was about, I think, $1.10 for us this quarter. That included $0.04 from Ortho, so we’re moving that, that would put consensus down at $1.06. When you take out all the affective taxes, our EPS was $1.08, so in spite of all those negatives, we still came in $0.02 ahead, and I think that’s a good barometer in terms of being able to make up for some of those negatives.
Thomas Powell: Okay, so – so you had asked kind of a normalized rate, so excluding those impacts, we would have expected it to be more in the 28% range for the quarter. Now, in terms of the prepared remarks comment, there’ll be a benefit for the back half of this year with a little bit going into subsequent years. However, I wouldn’t assume a significant improvement as a result of that going forward. [Inaudible] 2012 impact. 
Thomas Powell: It would. And obviously we’re always looking for ways to become more tax efficient so we’ll continue to look for those opportunities, but that’s a fair assumption to start with yes. 
Thomas Powell: Well, it’s our assumption that it is going forward and that it will be an impact for us until we hear otherwise. What we’re working to do is to offset that impact through both continued cost productivity actions as well as some of the pricing initiatives that Benson outlined. 
Thomas Powell: Well, we are continually looking for programs that we can put into our manufacturing operations, whether it’s automation or other, you know, purchasing opportunities. So we haven’t given specific details into the programs and I’m a little reluctant to do through all the details just because there’s so many different initiatives. But I think it’s fair to say that, you know, as a result of some of the – kind of the adverse outcomes from FX and some of these investments we choose to make. You know, we took some pretty swift and decisive actions to offset those negative impacts with cost savings within the company and spoke to the manufacturing and kind of overhead side of the business that will continue to watch what’s happening externally and make certain that we’re taking appropriate cost actions to keep ourselves on track for this. 
Thomas Powell: Jim, just to be clear, the $7.7 million dollars was excluded from our adjusted earnings of $1.23. James Sidoti – Sidoti & Company: Okay, so the $0.12 was in the $1.23.
Thomas Powell: That is correct.James Sidoti – Sidoti & Company: Okay, and so, for your annual guidance is that only the $0.12 in the annual guidance, or is the other one in the annual guidance as well.
Thomas Powell: In addition to the cost action (GDS) because there are other things that are going well. In fact as we spoke earlier, pricing is going well, you know, for the first half of the year, I think overall we had about 110 basis points in Q1 and another 130 roughly in Q2. And that’s running a little bit ahead of where we initially had expected, so we do have benefits other than just cost in terms of executing this year.
Thomas Powell: It’s really not based on management discretion, but rather as an outcome of some specific actions, you know, some of it comes from a credit that we’re able to get as a result of the settlement of the German and Italian audits. You know, we paid some money (inaudible) that which provides a credit against future repatriation. So, there’s a number of things that actually happened that resulted in the benefit.Lawrence Keusch (Constantine) – Raymond James: Got you, okay. And then if we can just get your latest thoughts on, just you know, uses of cash, chases, you know, more than 20% of your market cap. Can you just update kind of what you’re thinking is in terms of (inaudible) MNA, if you have increase share repurchase, any kind of capital allocation update would be great.
Thomas Powell: We’re actively looking to deploy, and to your point, you can’t always predict that. But that is something that we’ve been looking at, and based on our screening process we see a number of interesting opportunities for us. So, we demonstrated in the second quarter that we put some of that cash to use with the four acquisitions that we referenced, and there’s a greater pipeline out there that we continue to investigate.Lawrence Keusch (Constantine) – Raymond James: Thank you.
