W. Edward Walter: As it relates to the shift to -- to look to purchase more of these, I think that sort of it ties in with our notion that we're trying to focus on a more limited number of markets, but then penetrate those markets more deeply. As we look to execute on that strategy in many of those markets we already owned some of the best convention oriented hotels, or larger group hotels, so it's sort of a natural consequence of expanding our presence in those markets to look for hotels that might be in different segments of the business whether that be the urban select service or lifestyle boutique type hotel. So I think that's really what's driving that. From a standpoint of future acquisitions and I think there is certainly given that as you can tell based on our recent history we're investing more in this area. We would certainly hope that we would be able to complete more acquisitions of this nature. It's not the easiest market to buy in right now. So we'll have to see what actually happens.
W. Edward Walter: While I am pleased that we've got a few candidates internally we should be able to convert I suspect that the growth will come more from acquisitions then it will from conversions within the portfolio. Yes, it's hard to put a number on that and I think we would certainly be comfortable in the long run with that becoming 10% plus of the portfolio in some ways, but a lot of that's going to be driven by the ability to execute acquisitions and what we're able to get done in the near term in the market.
W. Edward Walter: That's a great question. We feel good enough about the length of the cycle that I think we would be -- we certainly are evaluating and pursuing transactions whether they're of a boutique type nature, the independent type nature or our more traditional branded type of a hotel. I think one of the challenges that we face though in going after those in each instance is the fact that we tend to look at things as we evaluate an acquisition over a 10-year timeframe and that has to -- when you're looking over that long of a period, you have to assume some period of time where operating results are a bit softer. And so I think because we're taking that into account and that how we do that will vary by market, but how we take that into account, that I think put us maybe a bit of a competitive pricing disadvantage to folks you might be looking at more buying now and selling in their minds before the cycle turns. And so that group which tends to use higher leverage and has a shorter holding period, I think is ending up being able to push pricing more aggressively than we would. So I think my shorter answer to your question is we would feel comfortable in buying. It would be based upon our conservative and disciplined underwriting criteria. To the extent that we are not able to complete acquisitions like that, I think we've been pretty consistently saying for a while that we've been looking to invest outside the portfolio or inside the portfolio first on theory that drives better returns, but as we complete sales, those will naturally result in higher dividends because of the taxable income associated with those sales. And to the extent there is not opportunities to otherwise invest in either in new -- existing or new hotels, we will be returning capital to shareholder either through a more dividend or by repurchasing stock.
W. Edward Walter: I don't know that we have a precise number for how it would hit that. I can tell you that just in terms of the disruption it creates in our group business for the fourth quarter though, our group business would probably be roughly 4% stronger if we didn't have the renovation disruption.
W. Edward Walter: I think that's right. As you know Michael, if we could, if group business was stronger that would also help us on the Transient side as well because really not except some of the weaker Transient and really push the Transient also.
W. Edward Walter: Roughly about 40% of our domestic portfolio, we have either absolute contract flexibility or put it along the lines which you were describing very near term contract flexibility. And I would tell you that we in most instances the reason we have that is because we've negotiated for it over the years, but nor surprisingly the bulk of that flexibility fits within the assets that are in non-core markets entirely or non-core sub markets within our target markets. So I think roughly 75% of the assets that we have flexibility on are assets that we could -- we would be open to selling over the next few years. And we're well situated in part because over the years we've targeted to accomplish that to have contract flexibility for assets we would like to sell.
W. Edward Walter: I think over time we would be expecting to reduce our presence in New York. I don't think that as we look at these either some of our suburban assets in DC that we would be intending on selling, but we're not uncomfortable with the overall waiting in DC with using a long-term perspective, but I do think there is some reduction happening there. Over time I would like to see some reduction in New York too.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I would say if you look at where we have our biggest international presence, it's Europe and I think generally Europe has been difficult to predict frankly because there are fits and starts to their economic recovery has been challenging. I would point out though that one of the things that makes Europe a bit different than the U.S. is the importance of international travel throughout our European portfolio. Where in the U.S. we probably would think that plus or minus 20% of our demand comes from international travel. In Europe our portfolio probably gets 40% to 45% of its demand from international. So that helps pushing Europe from some of the weakness that we've seen in the economy. Overall I think so far this year we're running around 3.5% or so in Europe on RevPAR growth. I would like to think that next year we will reach that level, but I think we're going to need to see a little bit more -- we will be interested to see what develops as we go through the budget process, try to have some better insight in the back. Outside of that, I think in Latin America we probably will not see the same strength that we've seen this year for two reasons. One the World Cup will not be repeating in Rio De Janeiro -- in Brazil, which is going to probably drive those markets to be slightly down for next year and we've had extraordinary performance in Mexico City, but some of that's been construction delay meaning that we had construction the prior year. So I would expect that Mexico we will see growth that's roughly comparable with folks are expecting in the U.S. And then in our assets in Australia and New Zealand we don't -- I would say there we're probably looking at may be single digit RevPAR growth.
W. Edward Walter: Again if you look at how our entire portfolio performed in the year and you include all of the assets in our portfolio and don't exclude some that we would typically exclude because of the way we approach issues around comparability, our portfolio ran at 9% in the third quarter also. So I don't know that there was a big of a difference it may seem when you look at the numbers in a little bit more detail. I would say though maybe a little bit more broadly is that we're up against -- we're at this point now enjoying practically forever peak occupancy level and so one of the things that we're very focused on with our operators is looking drive rate. And so a big part of our success next year is going to come down to our ability to drive rate in all forms of our business. We're quite encouraged by the improvements we were seeing in our bookings in our group business in 2014 and especially more lately I highlighted some statistics that overall rate in our bookings in 2014, 2015 was up 5% late in the third quarter, bookings in 2015 was up 10%. As those trends -- if those trends continue and we certainly hope and expect that they will, that will certainly help us in pushing rate next year and that obviously is very beneficial on what it will do for the bottom line.
W. Edward Walter: I suspect -- yes, I think if you -- compared to the broader market, not compared to our individual comp set, but compared to the broader market, I think the broader market had slightly more occupancy improvement because it starts at a far lower base than us, but we had better rate growth. And at the end of the day, if I had a choice between the two, I would rather see higher rates.
W. Edward Walter: It's probably more the former than the latter. Obviously the real issue there comes down to scale and size of the acquisition and we certainly have the capability to do something larger, but I stand on what we've said for a number of years, which is we don't need to be bigger just to be bigger, it's really just about improving overall levels of growth and improving earnings per share. So I think in the near term, it's always hard to predict the big deal is going to happen. We're certainly interested in looking, but I suspect that the more likely activity would be more along the lines of fine-tuning.
W. Edward Walter: I think we're going to have to wait until February to answer that. We obviously are having some disruption now. There are a couple of projects like what we will end up doing with the Philadelphia Four Seasons in converting that to a new -- a different brand or a soft brand and so things we're looking after some other projects that the actual way we proceed and whether or not there is an absolute closure of that hotel or not, will dictate to either whether the renovation effect next year is larger than this year or not. So it's certainly something we're focused on and obviously the benefits of any projects like that to the extent that they do hit '15 we should start to see some good benefit of that in '16.
W. Edward Walter: See I think there are a couple of points we were trying to make about the renovation activity. In general, the way this year is playing out, is that about 35% of our CapEx is happening in the fourth quarter. So obviously on a weighted basis, that's a little bit higher, but more importantly as we step back and looked at which projects were being affected, we had a number of larger hotels and I had detailed them in my comments that we are undergoing either room renovations or somewhat disruptive meeting room renovations and those were happening in the fourth quarter. When we look more broadly at the activity that was happening in the fourth quarter and we had noticed this and we were aware that last quarter as I highlighted in my comments that we expected some renovation disruption in Q4, which is one of the reasons we were saying Q3 would be stronger than Q4 as we were finishing out moving at the end of the year there. We were saying that roughly half of the renovation CapEx that would be disruptive to our numbers EBITDA generation that's happening in the fourth quarter, I can't exactly compare that to prior years on the slide. But it's certainly higher then where we were last year because last year we just had lighter construction activity weeks of a disruptive nature in the fourth quarter. So I think that's really why we were highlighting that here and it's highlighted in the prior quarter. In terms of the growth of select service within our portfolio, it's still a very small percentage. I think the rate of growth will probably be meaningful in the sense that small numbers can easily be grown, but the reality is that in the near term, I don't think that it's going to rise to a significant part of our portfolio in part because these tend to be smaller properties too. So when you are a $20 billion company, obviously you got to buy a fair amount of something just to move it up to a 1% or 2% of the size of the company. So absent a portfolio transaction, which I would generally say it's unlikely in this arena, it will grow 1% or 2% at a time.
W. Edward Walter: At this point we have finished all of the construction work at the Orlando asset. I think that some of the side work that we had -- that was so disruptive to operations was completed in the first quarter this year, but the remaining -- my sense in general is that the remaining three quarters of the year for that asset is generally not affected by construction. So I would say that we've had very big lift this year from that asset in out of its construction site and had its work done. I suspect we will get some minor lift in the first quarter of last year and after that it should be more normalized.
W. Edward Walter: Sure. I think as I suggested earlier, the market is competitive. I say that we have an active pipeline of deals that we're reviewing, but compared to that I might have looked at the well four years ago. My assessment of the probability that we actually complete those transactions would suggest that we will -- our hit rate is going to be a lot lower now than it was earlier in the cycle. I don't think there is anything about that that's unexpected that's what you would naturally expect as you work your way into the cycle that a lot of capital plays to the party and then tends to pay bigger prices, that's one of the reasons why we're active seller right now and we tend to be an active seller. As you think about the right king of exchange element of this, I think that your question is a great question and the short answer is that we're not going to stretch on purchases, jut to complete the right kind of exchange. Now I think we're not uncomfortable in paying a higher dividend. We're not uncomfortable in generating proceeds from deals and using that to either pay more of a dividend or buyback stock if that's the right answer. And so the reality is that I mentioned before, we're comfortable with the scale of the company. We're trying to refine the markets that we operate in. If the deal fits our parameters or presents a unique opportunity, then we're going to -- we would be happy to be an investor, but on the other hand to the extent that we don't, we're fine looking for ways to return capital or looking for other ways to return capital.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, it's an interesting question Chris. You know what I would say is that I don't know that we would think about converting them to limited service in the sense of down branding them because I doubt that the risk on the rate would be worth that, but what we are trying to do and certainly this is something we've been trying to do for a while is try to pick up some of the best elements of limited service operation and apply them to our hotel. So in another words where we have hotels that in-house managed or operator managed food and beverage we're looking at opportunities to outsource that food and beverage platform or consolidate that food and beverage platform. So it doesn’t make it a select service or limited service hotel, but what it does is to the extent that we can outsource that or reduce the importance of that to the hotel, we're at least looking at a way or trying to identify ways to improve our margins and reduce our risk on the food and beverage side, so that more and more of our hotel is based on the rooms operations, which is we all know tends to generate higher levels of profitability. So there are a few specific instances in our portfolio over the years where we have made the decision that best thing to do was to covert a Marriott to a courtyard and I think that's happened a couple of times. But generally I don't think that's going to be the preferred route, but looking for ways to modify the operating model to make the hotel more efficient to king of capturing the best of the limited service operating platform, while maintaining the full service rate. That's the strategy we would like to push wherever it makes sense.
W. Edward Walter: No I wouldn’t say that the Marquis is really struggling at all because of flex servicing let's say. The level of supply in New York has been high and I would say the entire New York market has felt some impact from the supply and I think most folks would describe that less about a occupancy problem and more about a challenge in being able to raise rate. But to be honest, the hotels like the Marquis that can accommodate larger groups and plus have that kind of a ground zero location within Times Square, we're still running comfortably north of 90% at the Marquis, which is where we've been running for the last several years. So I don't think I actually think that our in a lot of ways that you look at our performance was in New York. We've been doing slightly better than the market for the last two years and I think we're less affected by a lot of our select service supply that has come into New York then some other hotels might be and partly because we have the customer base for our key hotels is far more diversified than what a flex service hotel typically attracts.
W. Edward Walter: Jim we don't have that completely finalize right now. I would broadly say that the direction we're leaning there is going to be an independent hotel, but likely soft branded. It will be affiliated with one of the major brands and the exact timing for when we will start construction is not yet set, but I suspect that some of that work will start sometime in the middle of next year.
W. Edward Walter: Not at this point in time. We're still working through that with the operator that we're working with.
W. Edward Walter: Pricing in Europe is probably one way to think about it might be the cap rates there are 100 to 150 basis points higher in at least in the markets that we've been focused which would be Germany relative to what we're seeing in the U.S. pricing in London and in Paris is probably comparable to pricing in the best markets in the U.S. and so very aggressive. Now I think you're looking at sort of in the 4% to 5% range as it relates to cap rates for either in those markets. Given that our outlook for Europe would be for slower growth than what we would be expecting in the U.S. there is -- one of the reason why we are buying in Germany is we generally think that Germany will have better growth that the rest of Europe and we think the pricing levels make more sense relative to opportunities we might see elsewhere. I think that both Paris and London while they are spectacular long-term markets, but right now their capital is aggressively seeking assets in those markets is one of the reason why we sold the Sheraton Skyline and the pricing levels there are such that we would not view that as a good allocation of capital in the near term absent an unusual situation to be able to meaningfully create value at the hotel. I think our we're in the process of marketing some other hotels in Europe, but we're actually trying to take advantage of some of the optimism that the broader world has in terms of investing in European hotels to see if we can reduce the size of our portfolio. We're still interested in acquiring more, but it will be fairly selective in terms of the markets that we will enter.
W. Edward Walter: That's a good question. Now as we stand currently, in Europe we tend to approach our financings on an asset by asset basis, but to some degree we're not forced to confront that issue in part because we've dealt with all the financings that we need to address over the course of the last couple of years. We've also built in the flexibility and most of those financings to be able to sell some of the assets earlier. Financing that offer tends to be shorter term than what we will typically see in the U.S. and what we would typically employ in the U.S. So I think that we're looking at the not unlike the way we're thinking about some of the assets we would like to in the U.S. but back in the financial markets have gotten a bit more aggressive and certainly I would say that the delta in Europe is even larger than what we've seen here not that they’ve gotten that much cheaper than where we are in the U.S., but the delta compared to last year they’ve got a lot cheaper. We're sort of a mind this is a good time to try to take advantage of that which is why we're marketing some of our properties there. We're not looking to sell our best assets, but I would say we're looking to sell some of the middle of the pack.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, that one of the interesting challenges that we have as we get into this part of the cycle is that given how robust transient demand has been in a number of markets and given the fact that so many of our hotels are running very high occupancies in the middle of the week and on Saturday. And part of what's happening on the group side now is trying to -- try to push that business to what we would describe as a shoulder night. So it's hard -- we actually had an extensive discussion about that when we were going through our quarterly review with our asset management team and I wish I had a statistic to be able to describe how successful we're being with that, but the reality is that clearly for business being booked now for '15 and '16.
W. Edward Walter: To be honest, there is no reason for us to do anything there until we're comfortable that we have Vorando because they're in control of this and so Vorando has maximized the benefit of the retail space in this signage. So the retail space I would assume will get leased over the first part of next year, the signage part of this, the retail will not be taking all of the signage. So I think there is going to be some period of time where they continue to market the signage and users get comfortable with the fact that we've now created -- or they’ve created that they get TV screen in one of the best market in the world from a publicity perspective. So I don't think that this is anything that we're going to be moving forward aggressively on in the near term in part because I think there is a big opportunity here and we would love to see that maximize it before we try to exercise any right.
W. Edward Walter: Well, it's not an ignored asset from a perspective of what it does for EBITDA, but I think it's a good question we could try to provide more color on that in the future.
W. Edward Walter: Great. Well thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our third quarter results and outlook with you and we look forward to talking with you in February to discuss our yearend results and provide much more detailed insight into 2015. Have a great day everybody.
Greg Larson: Andrew, if you look at our group business over a long period of time, it's usually right around 40%. At the peak of the last cycle, it was closer to 43% of our overall business and today it's closer to 37% of our business.
Greg Larson: I don't know I see it as a ability, the conditions that would require RevPAR to accelerate next year from the strong levels that we've experienced in the last couple of years I think tie to what are the two primary drivers of our business right now. The two things that I think, the one would be the overall economic growth in the U.S. and secondly would be world-wide economic growth that helps generate international travel. So as I highlighted in my comments, we've been very happy, very pleased with the overall level of international arrivals into the U.S. over the last several years and we believe that's been a primary driver and why demand over the course of the last several years has outpaced historical levels kind of on a relative basis to GDP. So as we think about next year, we certainly are encouraged by the fact that once again most of the major forecasters are expecting stronger economic growth in '15 than what we've seen in '14. I would caution that we probably said that for the last three years in a row, so hopefully '15 is the year that that materializes and then if we also see continued growth on the international front comparable with better than what we've seen, that creates a condition for overall stronger demand growth. Supply does go up a bit next year not a lot. So we don't view supply as the near-term problem rather than a few markets, but overall I am not certain we would be sitting here expecting RevPAR acceleration for next year, but we certainly feel that we should see another strong year in the industry.
Greg Larson: Yes I think that's -- what I was trying to highlight is that our group bookings would be about 4% higher if we didn't end the fourth quarter if we didn't have the renovation. So that it may not be too far off Michael. It's just that you got a trade off there that we will sell in some of that shortfall with Transient and so it's probably not quite as direct to what you have there, but that's probably directionally correct.
Greg Larson: Yes, as you said Thomas, that's certainly powerful on the margin front and that's one of the reasons why our margins were up 305 basis points, which frankly probably I think that's our best margin growth in over a decade.
Greg Larson: Yes, I agree with you Ed on the percentage because even if we are successful on acquiring several of these select service properties, at the same time, we could also invest in one or more upper upscale properties. So the percentages may not actually move much.
Greg Larson: Yes, I think that hotel, it will have a good year next year and because of that, when we think about our hotels in Florida next year, those hotels should outperform our portfolio.
Greg Larson: Again it's early to speculate on the actual impact of EBITDA next year because we're not exactly the marketing process has gone extremely well, but having said that Vornado has not announced any signed leases yet. But from a construction perspective we've talked previously about a $10 million to $12 million benefit rolling from the completion of that improvement. We'll see some of that next year, but it's more likely the full benefit of that is more likely to hit '16. From a construction perspective, my understanding is the sign is virtually complete and I think that there is probably going to be more noise and more press around that in the middle of next month, but we couldn’t be happier with how that whole process has gone. We couldn’t have been happier with having Vornado as a partner here and we're very excited to get the sign operational, get the retail space leased and open and a lot of the hotels have started taking advantages of those new outside observatory jacks that will sit on top of the sign.
Greg Larson: And you can that even in the third quarter Chris, where our RevPAR in New York was up 4.1%, which obviously outperformed the star data for New York.
Greg Larson: Hey Jim, this is Greg. I think if you look at our management fees this year, I think in general obviously base fees have been increasing. I think that this year in particular incentive management fee year-to-date the increase has been fairly minimal and there are several reason for that. And Ed mentioned earlier in this call, we've had several negotiations with certain managers where we've been successful in sort of minimizing incentive management fees for this year. So I think when you look at it, our incentive management fees in the first half of the year were actually down on a year-over-year basis and in the second half of the year, our incentive management fees will be up around 4%.
Greg Larson: I think next year as you said, I think a lot of people including us were expecting very good results for next year on the topline and with EBITDA growth and I think with great EBITDA growth, we'll have sort of what I would consider normal incentive management fee growth next year.
Greg Larson: Yes, so Jim as you know we're fortunate enough to win the San Antonio case. So we're in a great -- because of that we're not going to have to put out $70 million, which is a good thing. We had $25 million in the restricted cash account that was now back in our hands. So we're pretty happy to say the least. The other thing that happens as you pointed out is that there is a GAAP impact of $69 million, so you'll see that when you look at our GAAP earnings, but from an EBITDA perspective the impact is really, really just the interest that we've been accruing on this year. So we've reversed out the interest from this year and then we have some interest accruals from last year that also will flow through EBITDA and so as you correctly point out in total for San Antonio the $10 million EBITDA benefit, but the flip side to that is we have an increase in other litigation expense and so net, net when you take into account that benefit and the increase in the accrual on other litigation expense it's approximately a $4 million EBITDA benefit. And as you know, that's not -- that's not hotel EBITDA right and so obviously $4 million helps our entire EBITDA for the company, but had no impact on our margin growth -- hotel margin growth of 305 basis points.
Greg Larson: Yes, it's a great situation to put the group in a weaker time because you know what, when you do that, sometimes it could skew the rate growth that we are talking about for next year because if you're booking during the weaker time, that's a great outcome and allows us to book transient business in a stronger times, but if you looking at year-over-year rate growth in group, that obviously will impact and lower than number.
Greg Larson: You mean as it relates to our options around exercising some ability to be able to sell the retail itself.
