James F. Risoleo: That's a multiple-part question, Anthony. Let me break it down a little bit for you as I answer it. First of all, I would tell you that we're not seeing a large amount of individual or portfolio acquisition opportunities that fit our profile. And when I say fit our profile, I'm not only talking about the nature of the asset, but I'm talking about the disciplined way in which we underwrite these potential investment opportunities. So, that's one of the reasons why we didn't include any additional acquisitions in our guidance for the balance of the year. Of course, we're still looking at opportunities as they present themselves, and we're trying to get out ahead of the pack and bring to bear the attributes of the company and our scale and our access to information, and the fact that we do have an investment-grade balance sheet as opportunities present themselves. On the M&A front, I would say that, as I've said in the past, we are very open-minded and we evaluate all opportunities to enhance NAV, and we'll continue to think about our strategy in that context going forward.
James F. Risoleo: We're very pleased with the implementation of the new cancellation policies. We have seen a, clearly, have seen a difference in booking patterns at the hotels. And most importantly, we're delighted that our property managers are enforcing the policies. We saw an uptick in cancellation fees in quarter one. It wasn't across the portfolio, it really dealt with the groups at five different hotels. But to be able to collect cancellation fees from groups, that is really something new. And we're also seeing it happen with the transient customer as well.
James F. Risoleo: A couple questions. All right. With respect to international inbound, we did see a pickup on international inbound. And in conversations we've had with Marriott International, they've seen a pickup of about 13%. So, our total of our book of business, and it's spread across various gateway markets, New York being one of them, we generate about 10% of our business from international travel. So, we expect that that will help us not only in New York but in some of the other gateway markets where we operate, such as San Francisco, Miami, Los Angeles, and Seattle as well. With respect to New York, Jim, I think our take on the city is, yes, we did see a pickup in the first quarter. We saw a nice bump in demand. We did see business travel return to our New York markets. However, there is still a lot of supply coming online this year and a lot of supply coming online next year. So, I would not anticipate seeing a material acceleration in performance in New York in 2018.
James F. Risoleo: Well, we have seen in the first quarter business transient demand pick up in really across the board but mainly in a handful of markets. We saw business demand pick up in Chicago, New York, San Francisco, Denver, and San Diego. And with respect to the rate, we continue to look at corporate profits, and we continue to look at the business investment number, or non-fixed residential investment number, which is strong and has been increasing over the last several years. That's a pretty good indicator from our perspective of what's going to happen with the business traveler. So in the first quarter in particular, while business demand room nights was up, as I mentioned, our group pace was down predominantly as a result of the holiday shifts, as a result of Easter and Passover shifting, and group business going down. So, we were not in a position in Q1 to really drive rate and yield the business traveler. We are hopeful that that will change over the course of the year.
James F. Risoleo: No, it's not, Rich. As I mentioned, we're optimistic but – and we're going to be tracking business travel very closely over the balance of the year, but while I'd like to say that one quarter makes a trend, we're not ready to predict that just yet.
James F. Risoleo: Well, of course, we track every deal in the market even if it's not an asset that we may be interested in acquiring. So, we're getting a fairly good sense of what's happening on the acquisition side, the bid-ask between buyers and sellers and the debt capital markets are strong. So, as we sit back and think about what does that mean to us, I'll start with a premise that we're very comfortable with the portfolio that we have today. That said, we would certainly be opportunistic sellers if we could achieve pricing on an asset or group of assets that exceeds our hold value. We look at every hotel at least on an annual basis, if not, more frequently to draw a point of view of what that asset is worth to us. And if we see the pendulum swinging in a way that we may be able to meaningfully beat those hold values, then of course, we would take advantage of that opportunity.
James F. Risoleo: I think that, as we think about transient revenues in the first quarter, roughly – our rough breakdown is – if you think about our segmentation at the top line, we're roughly 40% group, 55% transient, 5% contract. Of the transient base, about 40% of that is leisure and about 50% is business, and about 10% is government. So, if you break it down from that perspective, we saw a pickup in leisure business, and we saw a pickup in business transient traveler really across the board. I mean, the markets that drove leisure for us in the quarter, in addition to the Florida Gulf Coast, were Maui, Phoenix, and Orlando. And as I mentioned before, the markets that really drove business for us were Chicago, New York, San Francisco, Denver, and San Diego. I think this really points out, Smedes, to the nature of the assets we own and the broad geographic diversification of the portfolio that we have. So, we fill in where we can and we drive business in all the markets.
James F. Risoleo: Sure. Well, as we all know, 2018 – coming into the latter part of 2018, and 2019, and 2020, San Francisco is forecasted to have some very good growth. And we're excited to participate in that growth as we go forward. The Hyatt is roughly a 20% group house, 80% transient, 20% group. And I can tell you that, as we underwrote that transaction, we had a clear view into group bookings for 2018 and 2019, and we're very comfortable with the forecasted RevPAR performance for that hotel going forward. The same with the Marquis, we took a look at that asset and made a decision that – just given the scale that we have and our ability to effectively manage complex renovations and think about displacement at that hotel, that it made sense to get the bulk of the work done this year, all the public space done this year, most of the rooms done this year, and modest rooms out of service going forward, so that we can also participate in a pickup in group business in 2019 at that hotel.
James F. Risoleo: Thomas, I am not sure that I have the data to tell you what Q1 would have been ex the holiday. The only thing I will point to, again, which I think is impressive is if you were to exclude Houston and Washington, D.C. from our results, our Q1 RevPAR would have been 3.8%, which I think is really strong performance. I mean, it is really strong performance and we're very proud of the ability of our managers and asset managers and enterprise analytics to drive that number going forward. With respect to April, we don't have April results in yet. We have most of them in, but given that we have a couple of days left in the quarter to report, I'm not comfortable giving you a hard number, but I will tell you April was in line with our expectations, maybe a little stronger.
James F. Risoleo: Well, we don't sit at the table with UNITE HERE or any of the other unions, but we do collaborate with our management companies with respect to the positions that we feel are most appropriate as conversations are had with representatives of the labor unions. And negotiations and conversations have begun in the Boston marketplace and in Los Angeles. So, our best guess of what that looks like is baked into our guidance for the year.
James F. Risoleo: Robin, we – there were a number of factors that drove margin performance in the first quarter. Clearly, we had ancillary income increases in a number of different areas that tracked increased demand. And as I mentioned, we had the one-time tax rebate at Westin Grand Central, which contributed 28 basis points. But that said, we were able to increase our full-year EBITDA margin guidance by 10 basis points. So, we saw improvements in rooms productivity. We saw improvements in food and beverage productivity. We saw a decline in food procurement cost. We continue to see benefits from Marriott's implementation of Make a Green Choice, which was a Starwood legacy program that is really helping us. I think we saw the Make a Green Choice program accelerate about 3.4% in the quarter. We think there's a lot more room to go with that initiative going forward. We saw improvements in procurement cost on the Starwood legacy hotels as they get plugged into Avendra going forward. And there are a number of other things that we're excited about in connection with the Starwood integration into Marriott as we go forward. And we think that we'll continue to find ways to improve margin performance both on the Marriott legacy hotels as well as the Starwood legacy hotels. Another example is that Marriott is implementing Starwood's best practices on worker compensation at our Marriott legacy hotels, which is also helping us reduce cost. And then again, we have time and motion studies available to us on the balance of the portfolio, the medium and smaller hotels. We certainly wouldn't expect to see the same level of benefits as a result of those time and motion studies that we saw on the bigger box hotels. But we will continue to see productivity improvements and cost savings along those lines. I just want to leave you with one thought, we're never done. So, we're always looking for the next opportunity to increase productivity and to reduce cost as we look at our assets going forward.
James F. Risoleo: I would tell you that our forecast would have flat margins at 2% RevPAR growth. I don't see any reason to move off of that at this point. I mean, this year, we're going to increase margins 10 basis points to 2%. So, I think a good bet is if you have 2% and flat margins, that should be achievable.
James F. Risoleo: Let me answer the first question – second question first, Jeff, because we're really excited about our newfound relationship with IBM Research. The world is moving to artificial intelligence and predictive capabilities. And while we all, everyone in our space has access to a lot of structured data, we have access to new supply, we have access to historical RevPAR, we have access to projected RevPAR, which doesn't always turn out to be what the forecasts are. We had several meetings with the researchers at IBM to look at ways that we can predict RevPAR, which I think is something a bit different and it would be much more quantitative than is available to anyone today. They were willing to enter into this arrangement with us, given our scale and access to information. So we can look at various markets across the country and look at unstructured data in addition to structured data, such as what's happening in, pick a city, X, Y, Z city, what's happening in terms of businesses moving to those cities. What's happening with respect to the municipality's support of the growth in industry and jobs? What's happening in higher education, in housing? And that data is out there, but it's pretty difficult to go into any particular market, particularly when we operate across the country and corral it and say, okay, this is where we should be allocating capital in 2019, 2020, 2021. So we're hopeful that our relationship with Watson is going to give us that extra analytic capability to really look a little bit into the future, to understand trends that today are not so easy to predict. So your question regarding the Marriott's negotiation with the travel agent, the group travel agent commissions, most of our business – I shouldn't say most – but I'd say 60% of our group business is obtained through third-party intermediaries. That business has been growing over the years. We feel very strongly that decreasing the commissions will benefit the owners over the long term. We saw a little bit of an increase in booking activity in March. As I'm sure you're aware, the way the program works with Marriott is the Big Four, the four biggest intermediaries, are maintaining their 10% commission through the balance of this year. Effective January of next year, it will be reduced to 7%. The balance of the group intermediaries saw that change occur as of April 1. So, we saw a bit of a pull forward in some business, but as we sat around and talked about it yesterday, the order of magnitude of the business that we saw pull forward relative to our absolute level of group bookings, frankly, was immaterial.
James F. Risoleo: Well, I don't have the math in front of me, Bill, but I will tell you that we're getting roughly 10% of our business through the OTA channels. We can certainly do the math and get back to you on that number. With respect to the group commissions, we looked at a number of different scenarios before this program was rolled out. We sat down with Marriott and looked at upsides scenarios and downside scenarios. So, without giving a specific number, we feel that there will be benefit to the bottom line as we transition from 10% to 7% going forward. And that's why we were prepared to sign onto the program.
James F. Risoleo: Sure. I think whenever we announced the acquisition last quarter, we talked about a stabilized yield somewhere in the mid-6s over the next two to three years. We saw a number of opportunities, and I don't think that's changed, Greg, by the way. If anything, we're very pleased with the performance out of the box of these three assets. We see opportunities at the Andaz Maui to develop a 19-acre parcel of land which we've allocated $15 million to for either for-sale housing or additional units that we can pulled into the hotel that wasn't underwritten when we made the acquisition. We see opportunities in Maui to collaborate with the Kea Lani Palace, which is four hotels up the beach from the Andaz and also collaborate and centralize services with our Hyatt Regency Kāʻanapali which is also on the island. We also – just as a general statement, we will be rolling out time and motion studies at all three hotels as we go forward and looking at ways that we can enhance productivity and drive down cost. In San Francisco, very much the same story. The Grand Hyatt Union Square, we see an opportunity to add some guest rooms to re-concept the food and beverage offerings to save money and make those offerings more efficient. Again, opportunities to collaborate between (56:50) and the Grand Hyatt which were in the same market, and opportunities to collaborate and centralize some services between the Grand Hyatt Union Square and our Hyatt Regency Burlingame. And by the way, with respect to collaborations between the hotels that may be managed by different brands but owned by Host, we've successfully done this in San Diego, where we own the Manchester Grand Hyatt and it sits right next door to the San Diego Marriott Marquis. And with respect to the Hyatt Regency Coconut Point, there are a number of initiatives that we identified in our underwriting that we will be moving forward on such as the possibility, early underwriting stages of building a new spa with a built-in base of business given some of the demographic trends that are occurring in that submarket, and also looking at how that hotel is performing relative to our other properties on the Gulf Coast, which includes three, the Don CeSar, The Ritz-Carlton Beach Resort, The Ritz Carlton Golf Resort, as well as a couple of other properties on the East Coast, The Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island and the Harbor Beach Marriott. So, we're really excited about the ability to create value with these assets. One of the reasons that we got so excited about acquiring them, they truly are iconic. They're in markets which expect to be the fastest-growing markets in the country going forward. And we're delighted to be able to work with Hyatt. We have a great partnership with them. We now own 10 Hyatt hotels and enjoy the relationship.
James F. Risoleo: Well, everyone, thanks for joining us on the call today. We look forward to discussing second quarter results and how the year is progressing on our next call. Have a great day, everyone. Thank you.
