W. Edward Walter: You mean it depends on obviously what's coming from in the rooms area, what's coming from rate or what's coming from occupancy, but I'd say that we'll probably end up somewhere in the plus or minus 80% range on the room side when we're starting to get to the point where the bulk of the improvement is coming from rate. We've had some quarters that are higher than that. Food and beverage tends to is really tied more to whether the source of business is outlets or the source of business is banquet. The 50% flow-through we had this quarter was quite good. We've had some quarters that have been a little bit better but typically I think we would probably assume it would be slightly lower than that more in the 40s.
W. Edward Walter: Well I think it is part of the opportunity but as we have examined the emerging markets, especially India and China, we have felt that there is a better opportunity to invest more in some of these middle-tiers although not all of these hotels fit into that description, but we kind of felt that mid-scale and upscale versus upper upscale and luxury probably present a better opportunity, in part because as you look at the opportunity for increase in demand in India and China it is as much driven by the increasing wealth of those populations and more people moving into the middle class, which should, based on history, suggest more people traveling. But that class, when they start a travel is probably not going to be staying in a luxury hotels, they're going to need something that's a little bit more affordable. And that's really true whether it's for leisure or whether it's for business. So, bottom line is as we look at both India and China, while we would be interested in opportunities that were higher price points, our sense is that these are sort of the right price point to be investing in those markets.
W. Edward Walter: I would say that clearly, as you've looked across the spectrum, you have seen us than others announced acquisition certainly at a quicker pace than what we saw last year. So, by definition the market is a little bit stronger. I would still say that as we – this is – we're nowhere near a hot market yet. What you're seeing happen at this point is, I think consistent with the way some of us has predicted which is whether its distress in the form of the W deal, where you have a deal that is essentially blown up, gone into the bankruptcy and needs to be worked out or it's a situation that we really face in the opportunity on the West and where there wasn't a distress situation but simply there was debt coming due in the near-term and the ultimately the owner made a decision that it was probably better to sell rather than try to refinance that debt. We're starting to see that in pending debt bubbles start to create in some passions and transactions. And I suspect that as we go forward over the next six to 12 months, we'll continue to see that those two forces are the primary motivation behind the transactions that happen. That doesn't mean that there won't be transactions that just happened because somebody has made a decision that take advantage of whatever capital to have it in asset and unsell because they have a better place to the deploy the capital, but I think it's still – in the near term it's more likely to be the other type of deal.
W. Edward Walter: 74 million-dollar loan. It's currently not meeting debt service. We're covering the shortfall at this point, we continue to evaluate whether or not that decision makes sense going forward.
W. Edward Walter: The short answer to that is that it's unlikely that we will sell anything this year. That doesn't mean that some sort of an opportunity might not present itself that we would end up deciding to take advantage off. But our general stance right now is while in looking at the asset that we would like to sell. Our sense is that they would be better off marketing those in '11 and '12 as opposed to in 2010.
W. Edward Walter: Let's start with where we think we're going to be active. I would bet that if you look – in general, we'll be investing more dollars over the next couple of years in the U.S. than we will be investing internationally, but I think you'll find that the balance between our international activity and our domestic activity will be more even than it's been in the past. We certainly are seeing some interesting opportunities in the Europe right now and are pursuing those. We also have some other things in the pipeline in Asia although nothing that we obviously were prepared to announce at this point in time, and we have a number of things that we're looking at in the United States too. So, will just have to – yes, some of it is just a function of how quickly the transactions go from the initial stages of activity to actually turning into a transaction. When it comes to the pricing question, it is really difficult to give a short answer to that question because the reality, is that if you look across the United States, for example, the market like New York, where you have had a very deep decline over the course of 2008 and 2009, but where one would likely anticipate a very strong recovery, hence it'll lead you towards lower cap rates. Other markets, Washington D.C., for example, which is a market that while it fell, fell, I think roughly half as that much as on the top line as New York, you would logically expect to see slightly higher cap rates because you're both working off of a better level of income to start and you're not necessarily expecting to see quite the same level of ramp up over the next couple of years as you'd like to see New York. I think you could see in certain markets, you could see some sub-bicap [ph] rates for this year and on the other it's probably for the more stabilized market you'd be a little bit above that. All of these, the cap rates are probably based on the series though that you're going to see relatively healthy growth in U.S. domestic markets looking out the next couple of years. If you look at Europe, you're probably looking at a situation that is somewhat analogous to Washington DC, maybe slightly lower cap rates there because of a historical level of cap rates that typically have been a little bit lower than the U.S. But the key European markets, London, Paris and some others, did not necessarily get as hit as hard as some of the prime markets in the United States. And so you'll see that reflected in the pricing. Asia cap rates are far more varied because you have a combination of both stabilized or mature markets combined with some of these other places where people are projecting very strong economic growth and the cap rates in some of the markets will, again, vary based upon the opportunity whether its development or existing. But in those markets that are less mature, you're typically going to see both a higher cap rate but more importantly, a higher projected overall level of return. I'd probably circle back on the whole point of cap rates for us, certainly the current cap rate is important, most certainly the relationship to replacement cost is important, but ultimately when we're looking at an acquisition, we're looking to achieve a premium to our cost of capital in our acquisition and that's calculated in the form of the 10-year unlevered IRR and so that becomes the basis for how we decide if an acquisition makes sense or not.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I think we addressed that and we probably talked about that in our last call, in that it we would need a meaningful improvement over the EBITDA level with the re-forecast that we're generating to be a taxable income. I think the one thing that you might have been remembering when you're asking that question is we have suggested that there is always a chance of a special dividend in the event that we were to be active in the sale market and that sale will generate taxable gains. Given that my response earlier and in my comments about the fact that we're not likely to be an aggressive seller in 2010, it is less likely that that would end up creating the need for special dividend.
W. Edward Walter: Given the money that we consistently invested in our portfolio over the course of the last really, four to five years now, I'm not concerned that re-institution of brand standards by the operators would lead to any more spending by us. But on your second question about whether at least to acquisition opportunities, I think that's a really interesting question. I don't know that brand standards per se is going to necessarily create an investment opportunity. But what I will say, what will create the investment opportunity is that hotels that were bought in six or seven and over levered, are now starting to get to the point where they may be facing in 2010 and '11 their third year were capital spending has been materially constrained because the property has not been generating the cash flow that that equates to both service to debt and service to property. And so while brand standards alone aren't going to create the problems, at the reality is that as you well know in the hotel industry you get to a tipping point with an asset where if you don't maintain it to a certain level, customers ultimately understand that feedback, feel that and stop showing up at that hotel. That ultimately starts the hotel on a spiral. So, as lenders begin to understand that the hotel is getting to that tipping point, they would logically be more aggressive about demanding action either in the form of the debt pay-down or investment in the hotel in some faction and I think in a lot of cases that could create opportunity. But it'll come more out of the overall physical condition and not just simply the re-institution of brand standards.Donnelly – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Yes, that's exactly what I was thinking. Thanks, guys.
W. Edward Walter: We do have a couple of assets that we've made material progress on and one that we've made a lot of progress on. And so I think we would feel relatively confident at this point that one of those two will happen, and one could happen in the relatively near term.William Crow – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. I assume you don't want to provide any other details, you would have done so.
W. Edward Walter: That is fair. That is correct. I think our performance over the last two or three or four weeks has been quite good. I would really view that with that performance, other than the anomaly that of course that everybody has identified about where the July 4 holiday fell?William Crow – Raymond James & Associates: Yes.
W. Edward Walter: I would think in the near term, you're going to primarily see that type of activity in Asia as part of our joint ventures. It could happen – where development makes the most sense from our perspective is in markets where you have similarities to the discussion I gave around India and China, where you have that dynamic occurring where there's just tremendous lodging demand growth that would seem to support new developments. I've learned never to say never, so I'm certainly not going to sit here and say we would never do a new development transaction in the U.S, but if you step back and look at just the fundamentals of our business as you look at the degree to which EBITDA has fallen, if you look at where our construction pricing is and you kind of look at the discounts between where value is in the state to where replacement cost is. It's going to take a while before that equation falls and gets back into an off-balance to where we would see adequate returns to contemplate new development. So, again, I wouldn't say never but I wouldn't see that as a near-term priority in the U.S. for sure.William Crow – Raymond James & Associates: Good enough. Thanks, guys.
W. Edward Walter: Joe, just because of the fact, the one thing that everybody should watch this year with acquisition is that obviously there's one thing you're trying to do is time the – you have to look at the timing of when the acquisitions occur in the year because obviously you're going to be buying in the middle or closing in the case of the W, where we're looking at the September closing, you're really going to get the fourth quarter in terms of ops. Not only do you have the partial year effective in you, but there are some new accounting requirements that Larry is far more qualified to explain than I am, that essentially require that we write off the acquisition cost associated with the deal at closing as opposed to capitalizing and amortizing them over the life of the deal. So that has the effect of reducing the initial year impact of acquisition. When you cut through all that, our sense right now of the transactions that we've announced today the contribution to EBITDA is probably plus or minus $5 million for this year.Joseph Greff – JP Morgan Chase & Co: And I thought your comments in the group side of things was encouraging. Can you talk about current terms with respect to cancellation fees or attrition fees? How relaxed are they now versus what the market bore in 2006, in 2007. I guess we're trying to get a sense of how protected you are going forward from God-forbid attrition on the group side versus other period.
W. Edward Walter: I think you're seeing – that is an evolving story at this point in time. What you're generally seeing, and as I say this I think it will make sense to most people is that core business that is being booked in the relatively near term. From all practical perspective, you're seeing relatively minor cancellations and attrition fees. Some of that is the competitive landscape that we're operating in, some of it is reflecting that's not a point that it's worth the hotel negotiating a lot over because at this point, if you're negotiating for a group of that in the next 90 days, odds are pretty good you're going to have it anyway. So at the end of the day, if you had a choice between negotiating for a little bit higher food and beverage offering versus getting a cancellation fee, you're going to go for the money, not for the sort of safety. As you start to work your way longer term and look at business as being booked for '11 and '12, the situation begins to shift a little bit more. I would say that our sense that we're still not back to where we were to '05, '06 and '07, where we were getting fairly significant cancellation fees, but we're certainly negotiating for something in this timeframe. And that will depend a lot, it's a market by market phenomenon and it also depends a little bit on what time of year you're looking at it, to whether the business is in a period where we are highly confident we can replace it or a period of time where it's more aggressive where there's more demand versus a period whether there isn't a lot of demand and we really want a piece of business in that pie.Joseph Greff – JP Morgan Chase & Co: Great, thank you.
W. Edward Walter: I think off the top of my head, I don't remember. I suspect though that there was certainly some rate growth that was part of that; I just don't remember the number. We haven't actually gotten reported numbers yet for that because the period, the MI portion of that just finished on Friday so we haven't really actually gotten any reporting on that. 
W. Edward Walter: Clearly, having gone through the last two or three years you should – there is a level of concern that if the economy continues to swell, you have to be alert to the repercussions that, that might have in your business. As I said before so far, while we've all read different economics statistics that has showed up in the press, we haven't necessarily seen an impact on that. But, conversely, was also beside about the fact that primarily a lot of our near-term demand is really for fairly short term, so it's certainly a trend that we're watching. As we think about the year though, and we watch the trends that we're seeing and as I get feedback from the operators who are of course one step closer to this negotiation process certainly than we are, they're not sensing, at least so far, a desire on the part of companies to pull back. And I think they are sending a strong message and I've already talked about this a little bit last week that we're going to be expecting and start to look for meaningful rate increases in our Special Corporate negotiations for next year. I think we're also bit of sending the messages as we start to talk about group business that they should be assuming the group business will be booked at higher rates, not lower rates. My sense is that that message is being accepted. It doesn't mean it won't ultimately get negotiated but it is being accepted out there by the corporate customer that we're talking about. As we think about how to approach certainly the second in the last few months of this year and the beginning of 2011, we're going to continue to emphasize what we think is the strength in our properties, which is our positioning on the group side and are going to be looking and try to build a pretty solid group base and we're going to continue to try to do a fair amount of business on the Special Corporate side. We've been talking about so far this year, the fact that we were up somewhere in the 20s in the first quarter, we're up 33% this quarter, Special Corporate business. Well, I suspect that we will lose some of those accounts as we work our way into 2010 because we will be priced a little too richly for some of those corporate customers to come back. We're still going to be focusing on that as a key segment of our demand for next year at a higher rate, not a lower rate like it's been this year. And our efforts to just give ourselves a little bit of protection on the downside in case some of this weakness in the economy lasts longer than we would all like it to.
W. Edward Walter: It's certainly a level that I'd like to see happen. I think in the context of the discussions that have been had so far, our sense has been that those rates and rates at those levels would be appropriate for those customers. I would also caution you though that we're just at the early stages of that. A lot of our hotels, in part, because they are liking where the trend is going right now, there's just some degree – what's you call it? That we're in a driver's seat but we are at the point where delay is better for us because as rates begin to recover and as mentioned transient rates were up this past quarter, rates overall were up in period six, as rates begin to recover that discussion becomes easier for us in terms of the fact that there should be a meaningful rate increase because we're getting it on other fronts and that's the best proof of it was them is that we're getting it from other customers.
W. Edward Walter: It's probably a mix and it depends on the individual property. I do think that you're still binding that everyone is kind of think through some of the comments, especially some of the more recent questions we just have. There is a level of uncertainty out there and to some degree, it's probably leading people to be cautious about bookings. But, again, remember that was the degree of occupancy decline as the industry suffered and recognize that for the last 15 to 18 months, we've trained people that you could afford to wait for the last minute to make a decision in order to get the room because the rooms have been there. Hopefully that's starting to change. Hopefully in a call or two we're talking about an extended booking cycle, which is suggesting that somebody has called out try to get a room and it wasn't available or try to get meeting space and it wasn't available, which starts to train people the other direction, which is basically forcing them to commit a little bit sooner. I suspect were in that involving state of going from where I was, you could assume you can get space and now, where you have to think a little bit more about it, you may have to make that extra phone call to find it and then hopefully another couple of quarters, where to point where you start to see that booking cycle lengthen and we're starting to sell rooms a little bit faster.Chris Woronka – Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
W. Edward Walter: Well, thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our results or acquisitions and our outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insights into what's proven to be an interesting year in our third quarter call on October. Have a great day and enjoy the rest of your summer. Thanks.
