James F. Risoleo: Anthony, thank you for the question. As we think about our capital recycling activity, I do want to point out that the assets that we sold have achieved superior pricing. And they have resulted in following through on two key strategic objectives that we set out about two years ago, when I first became CEO, and that's reducing our exposure in New York City to profitability-challenged assets and really becoming more focused on the U.S. So we've accomplished that in a very attractive manner. With respect to use of proceeds, as we sit back and think about reallocating that capital, we believe that there are three areas that make sense for us. One is buying assets to further upgrade the overall quality and growth and free cash flow generation of the Host portfolio. The second is investing in our portfolio where we can drive meaningful returns by reinventing properties such as – we'll talk about later I'm sure the Marriott transaction that we did – or buying back stock. So I don't think that we are in a rush by any means today to get the capital deployed. I will point out that we have not been shy about buying back stock in the past. Between 2015, 2016, we repurchased $890 million stock at an average price of about $17.15. So as we think about deploying capital, we really do run the screen on an acquisition or investing in our portfolio relative to buying back stock at current prices and that drives our decision making.
James F. Risoleo: Anthony, we're not out to generate proceeds for the sake of generating proceeds. We're out to opportunistically take advantage of dislocation in the market and we start internally for every asset that we consider selling by doing our own internal hold value and that hold value takes into consideration our view of the likely performance of that asset over the near term, looking out over a 10-year timeframe. But obviously, it's a little difficult to forecast anything over 10 years. But certainly over the next three to five years, you can get a pretty good handle on it taking into account that the full capital requirements of any particular property and then, just kind of get back at what we consider to be appropriate discount rates using a market residual cap rate. So, that's where it starts on dispositions. The same way we look at acquisitions. There are always a lot of media reports out there. We don't comment on anything until the deal is either done or we have a hard money contract.
James F. Risoleo: We continue to like the resort market, Chris, given the dearth of new supply that that's being built in those markets today. It's particularly the type of properties that we feel we are very good at owning given the scale and access to data and information that we have which differentiates us from others. The business information systems, the business intelligent systems allow us to really understand where we can drive value in resort properties. So, we'll continue to be focused on resorts. The other area that we feel we are differentiated in many ways is in big boxes. Again, the same metrics apply. We have an incredible database of information that allows us to benchmark any potential acquisition against the performance of our existing assets, and from a supply perspective, it is very low. I think it's less than 40 basis points. So those are the two areas that we'll be focused on. Additionally, we will continue to think about assets that will outperform the rest of the portfolio, assets that are more sustainable from a CapEx perspective to fund capital needs out of the FF&E reserve, and thus will result in higher free cash flow generation.
James F. Risoleo: Sure, Shaun. Let me talk about the union point first and then I'll get to the Marriott integration question that you asked. We had experienced strikes at our Westin in Seattle and the Chicago River – Westin Chicago River North property. Both of those strikes have been settled. The union is currently striking in San Francisco and in Boston. We are monitoring the situation very closely and have a good handle on what's happening at the hotels. I am not in a position, given the sensitivity of the negotiations, to talk about whether performance is up or performance is down at either property. I will tell you that we've taken the likely performance of those hotels into consideration as we've developed our forecasts for the balance of this year and our full year guidance. Now, with respect to Marriott integration, we continue to monitor it very closely. Of course, there were a few hiccups along the way, but really no measurable negative impact. What distinguishes Host from others who may have experienced more disruption is first, the scale of our portfolio, but really, the size of our hotels. Our properties have our sales management teams on site. So, there was not a need to transition those sales teams to regional offices, and the attendant disruption that came from that. And I understand there was disruption for others, but I can tell you we saw no measurable impact at our properties. And more importantly, on a very positive front is that now our Starwood legacy hotels have access to 30,000 additional business-to-business accounts that Marriott had. And we've seen benefits already inuring to the Starwood legacy properties as a result of having access to that account information. So we receive benefits on the top line and lower cost on the bottom line as well.
James F. Risoleo: Sure. I'd talk about the macro backdrop a bit. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we think that industry fundamentals are on solid grounds today, and we're optimistic that steady as she goes will continue. The hotels are running at record occupancies. All of the indicators that we focus on non-residential fixed investment, consumer confidence, GDP, corporate profits, they're all strong. As I mentioned, our third quarter occupancy was the highest it's been since 2000. So the table is set for continued growth. We're also and have been keeping a keen eye on supply. And while we'll have some new supply next year, it's manageable. And we expect it will see just a bit more in 2020 and then supply taper down. So our view is steady as she goes. Things are looking pretty positive next year given the fact that we're 100 months into the cycle right now. So that said, we are keeping an eye on other things. We're keeping an eye on the impact the potential trade wars could have on the U.S. economy and U.S. businesses and business travel, the rising U.S. dollar, it's been bouncing around quite a bit, and rising interest rates and the volatility in the stock market. So, we're optimistic, but we are being thoughtful and being very aware with what's happening around us. With respect to 2019 group pace, we are a bit behind in group room nights. As I mentioned, the hotels are running at record occupancies. However, our total revenue on the books between group room nights and F&B revenues is about flat to where it was this year. A part of that is being driven by fewer city-wides in a few markets. Boston, Chicago, San Diego and Washington, D.C. Additionally, we will see a little less group pace in a market like Orlando and a market like New York. The New York Marquis. But keep in mind what I said we're getting – that's because those two hotels will be part of the Marriott branch transformation program. Really important to understand that that's not going to impact our bottom line because we are getting disruption guarantees. So we feel that the portfolio is really positioned to produce optimal revenue mix. We are not concerned about the lack of city-wide in the markets that I referenced. We feel good about what we have been seeing on short-term corporate group bookings and strong leisure and transient demand.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah. Well, let's start with Europe first, just to understand the valuation of the sale and then we'll bring it back to today. So, our 33% interest was valued at $700 million. That valued the entire portfolio 2.1 – €700 million. That valued the entire portfolio €2.1 billion and the valuation on our interests was 17 times EBITDA. That is – the capital that we're bringing back, a portion of it is a capital gain and we will make a determination as to how we deal with that capital gain. We obviously had two options. One option is to distribute. The other option is to pay taxes on it and retain the cash. So as we get into planning for next year and the budgeting process, I think we have to make this decision by the end of January and that's the timeframe within which we will operate.
James F. Risoleo: Sure, Smedes. Let me let me back up before I answer your specific questions and maybe give you get a bit of color on the program. I think I was pretty clear in the prepared remarks as to why we think this is a good use of capital. But it might be helpful to frame it so that so then you can see how the priority returns and the disruption operating guarantees work. So as we step back and – yeah, San Francisco was, I would say, the – as we call it the Bell Cow here. The property needed to be reinvented. It's a main-in-main asset and one of the best markets in the country. So we had talked with Marriott about what could we do together to really – I'll use a word that you hear other times, really make that hotel relevant. To make it number one in its competitive set in the market. And let me stop on competitive set for a moment, because our objective on every brand transformation project we undertake is to bring that property to number one in its competitive set. And we had worked out a deal with Marriott where they would provide us disruption guarantees and a priority return on the San Francisco Marriott Marquis. So when we saw how that would work and we had the framework of a deal, we sat back and took a look at other assets in our portfolio that were going to need to be renovated over the next several years – beyond the next several years. And we looked at the total CapEx spend that was going to be required on those assets. Our experience has been that if you completely transform a property, you can expect a meaningful lift in RevPAR yield index, somewhere around 3 to 5 points, and I think that's on the conservative side. But those are the numbers that we looked at. So by pulling those renovation projects forward and increasing the spend over what we would have spent, but really when we get into one of the assets, we're going to completely renovate the entire property including: activating the lobby; activating the bar area; activating food and beverage; upgrading fitness facilities; doing tub-to-shower conversions in the guest rooms; in appropriate markets doing hardscape flooring in the guest rooms. To really make these hotels fit with what people are looking for today, and as I said, make them number one in their set. And we came to an agreement that Marriott would provide us with additional priority returns on our investment, which serve to reduce their incentive management fees. And additionally, it's on a property-by-property basis. Now to get to your question about disruption, to provide operating performance guarantees, to deal with the anticipated disruption on a hotel-by-hotel basis. And I want to point out that that is unique to anybody in the industry. This is capital 70% of it, plus we would have to spend anyway. But we are getting compensated for doing this, and we're really excited about it.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah. So let me clarify one thing, Rich. When we're talking about four years, it starts with 2018 because the Marriott Marquis in San Francisco, as we've talked about before, is a $110 million brand transformation. So it's 2019 and the next three years, and it is ratable over that period of time. We spend, on average, roughly $500 million a year on maintenance, repair and replacement FF&E. And we've been doing that now for 25 years. Part of enterprise analytics is a group, it's capital financial planning. And every year, as we develop our capital plans, we determine what the attendant disruption is going to be and we factor that into our budget. So, we have really solid data across all markets with all types of assets, and have a very good handle on what a room's renovation is going to do to the bottom line, what a ballroom renovation is going to do the bottom line, what repositioning the lobby will do to the bottom line. And that's how we developed the anticipated disruption in connection with the brand transformation project and that is the amount of guarantee that we negotiated with Marriott.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah. There's really not, Rich. I think it really does vary by market and it's across the board and it's not consistent in any given market. It's really property by property.
James F. Risoleo: Well, what I talked about last quarter was activity in the quarter. What I'm talking about today is actual – use it in a different way, pace – and what we're seeing from a pace perspective. And I don't think that there has really been any change quarter-to-quarter from what we've been seeing. We've been focused on the assets in markets where there are weak citywides. I will tell you this that our pace for 2020 and 2023 right now is up 6.4%. So we're very bullish as we see the booking window continue to extend and beyond 2019 and into 2020 and beyond.
James F. Risoleo: Robin, no. I think it is based on the anticipated disruption. So, you can paint two scenarios. One scenario is that we have a meaningful reacceleration in top line performance and an attendant increase in flow-through in EBITDA at a hotel that's part of this program. The operating guarantee still gets paid, okay? So it's regardless.
James F. Risoleo: And it goes the other way as well. If the EBITDA declines, the operating guarantee is set at a fixed amount.
James F. Risoleo: A couple of things, Robin. Our renovations have typically been staged over a number of years. To paint the backdrop, you do rooms in a property in 2018, and then in 2019 or 2020 you might touch the meeting space. And then you're going to get into the F&B outlets in the lobby, and then you're right back to doing your rooms again. So the thought here was we accelerate the spend. We're going to spend a little more than we typically would have. But when we are done in a compressed period of time, we're going to have a fully renovated hotel that plays very well to the consumers and will clearly be number one in its competitive set. I think what's important to Marriott is the fact that we own the best Marriotts in the system. Some of the assets that I mentioned, the New York Marriott Marquis, Orlando World Center, Boston Marriott Copley San Francisco and down the list. And I think from a brand perspective, to be able to showcase what brand transformation means, they've undertaken this exercise in other properties like the Charlotte Marriott, the Portland Marriott and a few others along the way. But to be able to showcase these assets, I think and I'm hopeful that other owners of Marriott hotels will follow down the same path.
James F. Risoleo: Well, thanks everyone for joining us on the call. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our third quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to talking to you in San Francisco. And if you're not in San Francisco in February, to discuss our yearly 2018 results, as well as providing you with more insight into 2019. Have a great day.
