Gregory J. Larson: Hey, Anthony, this is Greg. So I think if you remember from prior conversations last year, obviously, we sold 10 hotels last year for approximately $500 million. And as we talked about, those hotels generated $13 million in 2016 and that will not be replicated in 2017. So that's a minus $13 million. The acquisitions that Jim talked about today, the Don, the unidentified asset and the disposition of Desert Springs, those three things combined results in plus $3 million of EBITDA. So if you take the minus $13 million from the 2016 disposition, combine with the plus $3 million, that gives you the minus $10 million that I talked about in the bridge.
Gregory J. Larson: As you realize, Smedes, I mean, certain market – it varies by market, right. New York certainly would be a market with more demand than 10% and there would be other markets with a lot less than that.
Gregory J. Larson: Sure. So I think when I think of business over long periods of time, I think, in the past, I probably would have said that, that breakeven on the margin front would have probably been at 2.5% to 3% RevPAR growth. Obviously, last year was sort of a unique and powerful year with 2.7% RevPAR growth, we are able to achieve 80 basis points in margin growth and some of that is because of the things we talked about, the time, motion studies with some of the bigger hotels, better productivity, some of the benefits we've seen on technology, we've also reduced insurance costs by over 10% and utility costs, because of our energy ROI projects reduced utilities as well. So, all those things came together to produce, really, I think record level margin growth for us with that level of RevPAR. I think, when I think about 2017, some of those things will still benefit us. We renew our insurance once a year in June and so that double-digit decline in insurance will certainly benefit us for the first six months of 2017. We continue to implement additional energy ROI projects. So even though it's sort of hard today to predict utility cost, I do think we will continue to have benefit from the energy ROI projects that will help us. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we're still implementing, or we will implement this year some of our best practices from the time, motion studies and we'll start looking at some of our medium size and smaller hotels. So again, there'll be benefits on that front, but just maybe not as much as what we achieved last year. And so again, I guess, when I think about it, when I think about all those statements in general, I think to have flat RevPAR with 2% RevPAR growth is actually a pretty good outcome. The other thing I'd just mention, it's a technicality, but I think it matters, is that this year, we're comparing to last year, which was a leap year. And so, when we say 2% RevPAR growth, it's really (45:24) 1.7% revenue growth. And so, to end up with flat margins that means that the high-end of our guidance, we're only expecting 1.7% total expense growth. I think if you look at the midpoint of our guidance with RevPAR growth of 1%, we're only predicting total expense growth to be 1.25%. So again, I think it's going to be a great year with keeping costs growth low, but maybe not quite as great as last year.
Gregory J. Larson: Yeah. I think I would add, and Jim mentioned that earlier today, obviously, we have some of these ROI projects that Jim just mentioned. But also, I think, because we're bringing in Davidson and because our analytics team has looked at this hotel, I think, even without those ROI projects, I think we've identified $3 million, $4 million, up to $5 million of cost savings.
Gregory J. Larson: Yeah. I think that's right. And obviously, as we mentioned today, and as Jim has already mentioned, right, that Don is a great example of an asset that's outside of the top 10, 12 markets, the Phoenician was too. In fact, both of those hotels are resorts and as you know, Rich, the nice thing about resorts when you look at supply growth over the next three years, supply growth in the resort segment is half a percent or less. So obviously, sort of very compelling to us.
Gregory J. Larson: Hey, Thomas. This is Greg. So obviously, we had a fantastic January for a number of reasons, but primarily because one of our largest markets for us is D.C., and D.C. had really a spectacular January. And so for us, our January RevPAR was north of 7%. So a great way to start off the year. I mean, that certainly beat our internal expectations and it certainly beat our managers' expectations for our portfolio. So that is a great way to start out the year. I think, when we were talking about some of that weakness in transient, I think what we were talking about, you've seen it – we witnessed this all of last year is, all of the companies including Host, we're really in a sort of record occupancy levels, we know leisure business has been very strong on the transient side, group business has been very strong, but the one customer that has been a little bit weaker is the corporate, the corporate transient customer. And so, we saw some of that weakness in October, certainly, in fact, in October of last year, we actually missed our forecast because of that. I think the good news from our perspective is after the election, both November and December were very strong for us, primarily, because the group business and some of that group business, as you mentioned, probably did display some of the transient customer, but both of those months were strong. And as Jim mentioned in his comments and as I just mentioned, January was much better than our original forecast as well.
Gregory J. Larson: The other thing that's been interesting for us is just the bookings and we've talked about that a little bit. But again, when we looked at the bookings in November for 2017, they were very strong. Unfortunately, in December, when we looked at group bookings for 2017, they were weaker. So that was sort of the inconsistency that we were talking about in the comment. But again, if you fast forward to January, the bookings, the group bookings in January for 2017 were extremely strong. And that's one of the reasons why our group revenues started the year up just over 2%. As we sit here today, our group revenues on our books are up closer to 3%.
Gregory J. Larson: What's interesting about it, as I mentioned, right, our group business has been good, the leisure segment of transient has been strong. Obviously, in 2016, the weak segment is this corporate business traveler that we're talking about. But what's happened is, if you look at the average rate for that traveler, our highest rated customer and compare that to special corporate discount, there is a big rate delta there, right, between our highest rated customer and special corporate, it's about a $60 delta between our highest rated customer and our discounted segment, it's about – it's approximately a $100 discount. And so, what happened in 2016 is, even though it was very easy for Host and other lodging companies to replace that customer with other forms of business, whether it was government business, contract business, or group business, there was sort of a negative mix shift that was occurring while we were replacing our highest rated customer with the lower rated customer, and so that put pressure on rates. I think what – not to get too optimistic about 2017, but what's interesting is, if we can get that customer back in 2017 and if we can have this, a positive mix shift, I think that could be a pretty, powerful thing for 2017.
Gregory J. Larson: Yeah. No. I think, look at, we already have strong occupancy. So I think if we can get customer back, I think even with the supply growth in 2017, that would look really good.
Gregory J. Larson: And one other thing. Look, we're speculating on that today. It's hard to know if that customer is coming back. I do think there are a couple of metrics that we always look at that that again if they come true for 2017 will be useful for us, right. One thing we always look at is business investment and if you look at the business investment stat for 2017 compared to 2016, they are up about 350 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Same thing for corporate profits, right, corporate profits declined in 2016 and they are expected to be up over 5% in 2017. So again, on a relative basis, that could be meaningful for 2017.
Gregory J. Larson: Yeah. So, I think that – I think those just like any forecast, sometimes, you can beat it, sometimes, you miss it by a touch, but I think those are good forecasts. I think what's interesting about it, if you look at some of the hotels in the non-comps that, for instance, Denver Tech, and the Hyatt in San Francisco, is both of those hotels are in, what I would consider, sort of weaker markets for us this year. But because there was so much disruption last year, I think both of those hotels, Denver Tech looks fantastic, and sort of the San Francisco Hyatt, I think both of those hotels should have very strong EBITDA growth in 2017. And then, the other hotel that we're benefiting from in the non-comp set is our San Diego Marriott. The meeting space there looks outstanding, groups love the meeting space. They are booking that hotel in a very aggressive manner right now. And so, when I think about those – the hotels in the non-comp set, I think I feel very confident with that $22 million.
Gregory J. Larson: I mean, look, some of it is consumed, right. I mean, as Jim mentioned, if we look at our group business today for 2017, I mean, we have over 75% of that booked today, but I still think it can be important going forward that the bookings in the year, for the year are strong. I mean, if you look back to our comments about January, right, in one month, we improved our group revenue pace for the full year from up 2%, up 3%. So those group bookings in the quarter sort of in the year, for the year are still important.
Gregory J. Larson: Yeah, our non-comp set that – two of our hotels that we performed work on in 2015, The Logan and The Camby, are now in our comp set, right. And so, when I think about the non-comp growth of $22 million, it excludes Logan and Camby. However, when I think about those two hotels as we mentioned last year, they're still ramping up, right. So those two hotels combined are going to produce RevPAR growth of close to $8 million and in EBITDA.
Gregory J. Larson: We haven't – as Jim mentioned, we really – we have some reasons to be cautiously optimistic for 2017. But we really – leisure was obviously a strong segment in 2016, so far it's been strong in 2017, but we haven't seen a material increase in that at this point.
Gregory J. Larson: I agree with that and I also agree with the concept that as we buy hotels, the G&A as a percentage of our hotels and revenues will go lower. I mean, obviously, if you think about the acquisition of the Don, or this unidentified asset that Jim just mentioned, I mean, obviously, we're not going to have to hire anybody else based on those two acquisitions.
Gregory J. Larson: Thanks. Operation: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Jim Risoleo, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
James F. Risoleo: Anthony, I think that's a great question. We are going to be opportunistic and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we will look for transactions that create shareholder value. We are not interested in buying assets just for the sake of growth. We underwrite every transaction in a disciplined manner. We underwrite each deal to a 800 basis point increase, plus over our cost of capital and if the right opportunities present themselves, we will pursue them. That goes on the sales side as well. As I mentioned, we are not implementing a systematic sales program in 2017, but every asset in the portfolio is for sale. If we get an offer that is truly accretive to shareholder value, we're not going to be shy or bashful about pulling the trigger and selling a hotel. So to say today that we're going to be a net buyer or a net seller, I really can't – I can't give you a definitive answer on that, because I just don't know how the year is going to unfold. I will tell you that we are working on a number of opportunities and if they pencil, we would intend to pursue them, but at this point in time, the only thing I can refer to is the guidance we've given.
James F. Risoleo: Well, we think that Don is a terrific acquisition. It's just the kind of asset that works for Host for a lot of reasons. First of all, it is truly iconic, it's on one of the best beaches in America. We were able to buy that asset at a price that puts it in the top 10 on an EBITDA per key basis today within our portfolio as it is. Bringing in Davidson Hotels and implementing a strategic capital plan, as well as using our proprietary internal benchmarking that we have, given our broad resort exposure, we believe is going to allow us to meaningfully increase the net cash-on-cash return and the EBITDA, as if that we're open and operating today. So roughly the going in cap rate is 6.5% to 7%. We think we can meaningfully increase that return over the next several years.
James F. Risoleo: Sure, Shaun. I think it's – we're currently operating in the top 10 to 12 markets. We are prepared to look beyond those 10 to 12 markets and to opportunistically acquire assets where the opportunities are. I would point out that The Phoenician was not in one of the top 10 to 12 markets when we made a decision to acquire that asset in mid-2015. Similarly, the Don really wasn't in one of our top 10 to 12 markets, but we saw opportunity in both of those deals. Our ideal preference would be to acquire bigger, chunkier assets where we can use our scale and our information to add value. That is the focus that we're going to have going forward.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah. We have a number of identified ROIs that we haven't underwritten, Stephen. And we don't have hard numbers around them right now. I can generally give you a sense of what we're looking at. As an example, we think that there's an ROI if we were to reposition the food and beverage operations. Likewise in the retail space, we think there's an ROI there. We have a parking lot at the Don that may very well have a higher and better use than as a block surface parking lot. We've been able to do that in other instances on the acquisition front that we've done over the years. So those are some of the broad things that we're looking at right now.
James F. Risoleo: I think we think about all the options in the same way, Robin. If the transactions are accretive to shareholder value, if they're going to drive growth, profit and value for our shareholders, we will opportunistically pursue them. So it's difficult to really go beyond that at this point in time. I think we're very open-minded, and we are going to evaluate the opportunities as we see them and as they are presented to us.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah, Rich, that's a good question. And I just want to reiterate that we have a fantastic company here. We have a truly iconic portfolio of hotels, well diversified across the United States. We have scale and flexibility, which gives us the ability to buy larger complex deals. We have unparalleled information and insight based on the portfolio that we have in the proprietary systems we put in place. And we have a strong balance sheet, which we intend to exploit going forward within reason. We're not talking about going beyond our investment grade category. I'm looking to the future and that's where I'm focused right now.
James F. Risoleo: I think the way I would describe it is cautious optimism at this point. The forecasts are looking great, but we haven't seen it borne (57:04) on the numbers just yet.
James F. Risoleo: The other thing I would add, Chris, is, while group is strong, we're hopeful that as the special corporate customer comes back, that we can see positive rate shift as opposed to negative, like we saw last year.
James F. Risoleo: Michael, I think that we're just a little early in the year to address G&A. I will tell you that we're focused on how we can take what is a terrific organization and make it better and make it more nimble and more efficient. We've already undertaken a few steps early in the year by – the most prominent one to allow us to become more nimble and more efficient is to form the enterprise analytics group where we moved business intelligence, feasibility, CapEx and our corporate financial model under one individual, who is now reporting to Greg. And as we think about the organization going forward, as I have an opportunity to talk to our various stakeholders, we will just have to wait and see how the year turns out.
James F. Risoleo: Thank you very much. Thank you for joining us on the call today. We look forward to talking with you in the spring to discuss our first quarter results and provide you with more insight into how 2017 is playing out. Have a great day.
