Jim Risoleo: Yes, Neil. Look, we couldn't be happier with the performance we're seeing out of our MTCP hotels as well as other hotels that we embarked on transformational comprehensive renovations. We think that it was a very good time to be renovating our properties. By the end of this year, we will have invested $1.5 billion in our assets that equates to roughly $35,000 a key. And relative to the REIT peer group, where they spend $19,000 a key, we believe that that puts our portfolio in the full position to outperform going forward. So, in addition to the few properties that we referenced on the call today, with respect to RevPAR index, let me remind you that we have talked about gaining three to five points of market share. That's how we underwrote our investments in the MTCP assets. We are blowing through those numbers. We have, in addition to the New York Marriott Downtown, which is up 12.7 points and the JW Buckhead, which is up 11.9, Coronado Island is up over seven points now, the Don CeSar is up over five points, it's close to six points, and the others that are coming back online, it’s a little too soon to really look back to the baseline because we don't have enough run room yet. But I think the New York Marriott Marquis is an excellent example of what a fully refreshed and renovated hotel will do for you, because the booking activity and the level of group room nights that we've seen at that property are off the charge. So, we expect as we get back to a sense of normalcy, which is clearly a direction we're heading in the business in general that our properties are going to continue to take more market share. There are just a lot of hotels out there that haven't had any capital invested in them. And regardless of whether or not properties are renovated and they suffer the attendant disruption, we'll pick that up. And if they're not renovated, well, the Marquis, the flagship that we can point to.
Jim Risoleo: Aryeh, one comment on 2023. One of the very encouraging facts that we can point to is that meeting planners have not hit pause. We're still seeing strong booking activity into 2023 with $2.2 million definites on the books for 2023 and the total group revenue pace continues to improve. It's down 9% now to 2019, with strong ADR growth. So hotels booked I think 253,000 group room nights in the quarter for 2023. That activity was about 83% of 2019 levels, which is about on par with where it was in quarter one. So very encouraging as we look out beyond even 2022.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. A lot in that question Chris. With respect to labor, let me touch on that first. And we talked about it's been quarter-over-quarter that we're running at roughly 94% of optimal levels compared to 97% pre-pandemic. I think the 97% number in and of itself is a little inflated because we took the opportunity early in the pandemic to really zero-based budget every hotel. And we've taken a number of positions out of the properties allowing the properties to become more efficient and increase productivity and you're seeing that come through in our margin performance as well. So I think the labor situation is going to stabilize. As we've said before and we look at this on a regular basis, we anticipate wage growth this year 4% to 5% -- probably 4.5% to 5% to be a lower tight in the range. So it's not off the charts. With respect to occupancy the trends are going solidly in the right direction on the group segment and the business transient segment. So we continue to pick up business transient room nights and not seeing any softness there whatsoever. So I think it's just a matter of time, it's going to evolve and it's not going to evolve evenly across the country. Are there going to be some markets that are going to take longer to get back to 2019 levels and others that are going back right now. So the short answer is we fully anticipate that we're going to see a recovery to prior peak occupancy levels both on the BT side and on the group side.
Jim Risoleo: Very strong. Very, very strong. If you look at total Host, I would tell you that we're up into the double digits in terms of total revenue for Thanksgiving. And actually for Christmas, we are seeing a solid pickup as well, obviously, being driven by the Sunbelt markets and Maui. But that stat in and of itself gives us comfort that there's not going to be the pullback in consumer spending at our resort properties that some folks have talked about.
Jim Risoleo: Again, the trends are moving in the right direction on the group pace. Let me talk about that first. The fact that we were able to book 253,000 group room nights in the quarter for 2023 and the activity was about 83% of 2019 levels. I think that we're not seeing anything that would lead us to believe that group is not going to continue to come back. I mean there is a lot of pent-up demand there. And based on conversations that our asset managers and revenue managers are having with our property managers and media planners everyone intends to get back to normal. I mean keep in mind what happened this year in the first quarter with Omicron. It really put a damper on things and we're seeing the business recover and feel pretty good about how 2023 is going to play out. So we're down 9% on the group revenue pace I think we'll see that gap continuing to close. So group revenue is pacing ahead of same time in 2019 for markets like the Florida Gulf Coast, Hawaii, New Orleans and San Antonio. So we are seeing some positives in individual markets and we expect that that will continue going forward. With respect to resort ADRs, we talked about this on the last call. And we do have some seasonality involved here with respect to our properties, but the fact that we drove $1,000 transient ADRs at five resorts in Q2 is very positive. We're not seeing the consumer pullback whatsoever and we intend to continue to ask for rate going forward. We're optimistic that we're going to be able to continue to drive rate maybe not at the same levels as we did in 2021 in this year, but we'll continue to ask for rate going forward as long as the demand is there.
Jim Risoleo: We are -- Floris, we are uniquely positioned as a buyer of assets in this marketplace given where the debt capital markets are today, the fact that it is virtually impossible to get meaningful levels of debt on the acquisition front. So we're tracking a lot of transactions and we will balance whether or not the right decision is to invest in an asset, given where our cost of capital is today. And with the underwriting requirements will have to be, versus buying back our stock over the course of the balance of this year and into next year. So there hasn't been a broad repricing of buyer asks or seller asks out there on hotels that are actively in the market. You're right, that a lot haven't traded for. I think that's one reason why. The second reason why this is just very challenging for buyers to access to debt markets today. So with the liquidity we have today, the availability of a $1.5 billion revolver and the incremental cash that we're going to generate over the balance of this year, as business continues to churn along, we will be in the poll position. We will always invest in our assets. We can quantify the ROI. We're seeing it play out. And transformational comprehensive renovations, or ROI projects, we think that's a good place to put our capital and then there'll be a balance between share buybacks and investing in hotels.
Jim Risoleo: Well, we took the buyback authorization to where it was pre-pandemic, Michael. We had a $1 billion authorization. We had $371 million remaining on it. So we took it back to $1 billion. And we will continue to watch where our stock trades relative to our view of the business environment and how 2022 is going to play out how we're feeling about 2023, as we get in a little further into this year and start thinking about budgets next year. And if there is a disconnect between the value of our stock price and how we think the company is going to perform, then we'll take advantage of that dislocation and enter the capital markets. We view the share buyback activity as another capital allocation tool.
Jim Risoleo: Well, we certainly hope that the price doesn't go down from here. But at times Michael it just pays to be patient. And as things were playing out with geopolitical events, the price of oil was going quantitative tightening we just felt that it was more prudent at this point in time to preserve cash to sit back and to see what other opportunities might present themselves. So as I said, it's real time. It's -- there's a famous saying out there, when the facts change your opinion changes. So we'll keep it on how things are playing out. 
Jim Risoleo: Anthony, we're not typically a developer per se. We have developed a few properties over the course of time, most recently on an excess parking lot at our Westin Kierland and Phoenix, we build an AC Hotel, and we will work through the entitlement process and look to add value at the golf courses in Maui, and continue to really drive ROI projects, like we did with the 19 villas at the Andaz Wailea, and other properties like that. But I don't think you should expect us to be a greenfield developer, where we're out doing big ground-up deals. We just don't think that that is a good use of our capital. And I might add that as part of the Noble Investment, we do have the ability to participate in a development fund with Noble, and bring out our expertise to bear, and not tie up all of our capital on our balance sheet. So that's one of the reasons we made the strategic investment in Noble.
Jim Risoleo: Well, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on our call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you. We hope you enjoy the rest of your summer, and look forward to seeing many of you in-person this fall. Thank you for your continued support.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, Aryeh. On the group side I mean the rate story has been really strong. And what I'll say is for the second half of the year, we actually picked up 30 basis points in rate relative to what we had at the end of Q1. So our rate for the balance of the year is around 4.7%. And that holds true not only for the second half of the year but also looking out into 2023, where our rates are up close to 5% as well. What's super encouraging on the group side, I think a good stat to really look at is most recently, so despite all the macro noise, if you look at what we picked up in June for Q2, so we picked up 121,000 group room nights in the quarter for the quarter, which is 77% above 2019. In the second quarter for Q3 and Q4, we picked up about 319,000 room nights and that's 40% above 2019. And when you look at just June again for the second half, we picked up 126,000 room nights, which is 61% over 2019. So these are obviously meaningful pickup, most recently not only for Q2 but at the end of Q2 in June, which really indicates sort of strength in the group business, particularly I would say corporate group and the association is falling right behind it as well and picking up for the second half. And the rates thus far is super encouraging again for June relative to 2019 group rate was actually up 44%.
Sourav Ghosh: We do it. I mean it probably temper a little bit. I mean it's very difficult to say because it's such short-term business how much in the quarter for the quarter business will get or how much in the month for the month. But based on the trends we saw in Q2 in April, May, June, we would expect again a meaningful amount. I don't know if it's going to be exactly what we saw in Q2, but certainly a meaningful amount of short-term business pick up in the third and fourth quarters.
Sourav Ghosh: The average group size is actually very similar to what we saw back in 2019. It's not necessarily lower. There certainly what's happening is certainly certain groups are contracting for less, but then ending up increasing the minimum and actually spending more. Therefore, you'll see sort of a banquet and catering business pick up meaningfully well as well.
Sourav Ghosh: And that's not just for Host that's across the board. And just a quick stat on Labor Day and Jim's touched upon Thanksgiving and Christmas, our transient occupancy pace is ahead by 20% and our rate is a -- pace is ahead by 17% relative to 2019 for transient -- rate.
Sourav Ghosh: We are actually seeing in the second quarter particularly as you saw in May and June things are returning to very similar patterns of what we saw in 2019 in terms of weekday and weekend. And now the weekday occupancy as we talked about has exceeded weekend occupancy for the portfolio it's about a six-point difference when you look at the second quarters', weekday occupancy is at 76% versus weekend at 70%. And when you look at Sunbelt and Hawaii, it's about a five-point difference; and then the urban it's about an eight-point difference. So urban is right now at 76% and weekend at 69%. So as we get back to a more normalized mix of business and as the urban downtown hotels pick up occupancy, we are seeing very, very similar weekday and weekend patterns relative to 2019.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, David. We are really we could go on for an hour in terms of answering that question, because our analytics platform as you well know is extremely comprehensive and it's really ingrained in any capital allocation decision to be made, whether it's right from identifying markets that are going to grow greater than our portfolio as well as looking at all the data that we have for our existing assets and trying to understand where we have opportunity to really drive incremental value at those assets upon acquisition. And we've actually identified that even prior to acquisition to see where we can unlock value. That's not only from an operation standpoint, but also ROI opportunities. And as you know, we have a very, very robust CapEx team as well. So when we are identifying those opportunities we -- it's not only from the revenue opportunity side, but also analyzing the cost metrics of what an ROI opportunity looks like and feeling confident about the returns that we'll get on any ROI opportunity that we invest in. And the same goes for when we are looking at doing asset management. Our enterprise analytics team particularly our revenue management and BI team work very closely with our managers to identify opportunities do a lot of proof of concepts at our properties. And we're always first-to-market, whether that's related to technology leveraging, new technology to drive productivity improvements or if it's just coming up with new ways to really sell the hotels. So there is sort of at every touch point. I think from our perspective, it's not just at the asset-by-asset level, but also figuring out what meaningful drivers we can pull at a portfolio level. So we do a lot of comprehensive portfolio-related analytics which can really move the meter for our portfolio. So if we see a trend that's occurring at one or two hotels, and we know we can apply that across our portfolio, we will work with our brand partners, and our major managers to really drive that change. So I can get more granular, certainly on this topic, as you know I'm passionate about this, but I want to make sure we keep track of time here.
Sourav Ghosh: 100%. Because we have data down to every account level detail and I would say, it's not just quantitative data, frankly, we have done a lot of qualitative analysis. And what I mean by that is our revenue management teams or our BI teams, actually go out to the properties, every single property that we have in our portfolio, and understand the actual organizational structure, and the various processes that, they have in place. And it really is a partnership with our managers to drive improvements at our assets. And so we have a lot of best practices that, we are aware of, which we can certainly apply the time to make an acquisition.
