W. Edward Walter: No I think it’s just reflective of the fact that we haven’t – you know we don’t have anything to announce at this point in time. We do what I view as a reasonably active pipeline. And frankly I would be surprised if we didn't complete a few acquisitions before year end, but since the timing of those is not completely set and they are not done yet, we didn’t want to try to adjust our guidance to reflect the fact that we might be acquiring an asset. I think in terms of how the year is going to play out, we still feel good enough about the overall length of the cycle that we would love to be an investor, but we're disciplined about this. And if we can't get the returns that we want from the acquisition then we won't be completing those acquisitions.Robin M. Farley – UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Great. Thank you.
W. Edward Walter: It’s really hard to say. I think that it’s really – the reality is we have a number of hotels that are now. So I would be expecting that we closings throughout, really the fall and into the early winter.Kevin J. Varin – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
W. Edward Walter: I think that the answer is it still a little unclear as to how – exactly how that's going to play out for 2015 – first half of 2015 looks quite good on both the rate and the occupancy side. I think as you look at the second half of 2015 which his obviously much further out. We are not showing is bigger than increase in room nights yet. And that also the rate growth there is still a little lower too. Wesley K. Golladay – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay thanks for taking the question.
W. Edward Walter: Andrew I think we are going to need to get back to you on that number. I just don’t think we have right now.Andrew G. Didora – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That’s it for me. Thanks.
W. Edward Walter: It was up strongly in the first quarter. It was about flat in the second quarter. I think as we look at the second half of the year, we are expecting it to be up reasonably well in the third quarter. It’s hard to tell on the fourth quarter right now because the lot of the F&B spending doesn’t get pen down until relatively shortly before the events going to happen. Most of the growth we are seeing right now is in corporate F&B and the pattern that we are hearing is the top to the hotels about how the F&B part of the booking occurs, is that they typically booked sign the contracted one level, but then as they get closer to when the event actually occur, they then finalize exactly how big of F&B program we are going to see. So we have generally been seeing corporations making the decision to spend a bit more on food and beverage once they’re having the event. And so we’ll have – that’s I feel relatively confident to spending in the third quarter should be fairly strong. A little harder to predict what’s going to happen in the fourth quarter.Anthony F. Powell – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you. My second question is, you mentioned that there were some upscale full-service hotels in your pipeline. Given some of the RevPAR strength was on the second quarter, how much of a priority is it for you to increase your exposure there? Thank you.
W. Edward Walter: I don’t know that for us right now investing is really just assumption of expanding our presence in our target markets if we find investments that achieve reasonable premium to our cost of capital. And I think as we look at the various opportunities that we reviewed where comfortable buying full service hotel – upper upscale hotels and upscale hotels. I think just by virtue of the fact that upscale hotels tend to be smaller that as you look out over our – look at the way our portfolio was structure over the next couple of years. You are not going to see a meaningful increase in an overall context in terms of the representation of upscale hotel, but we’ve had good success with ones that we’ve acquired so far. And we certainly are open within our designated markets to acquiring more.
W. Edward Walter: I think that there certainly is still room for additional occupancy gain. But I think you're right in your general sense that most of RevPAR growth will come from rate increases as opposed to further occupancy increases. If you look across our portfolio, there's still room – the middle of the week we are running at very high 80%, almost 90% occupancy. So, the middle of the week is really about driving rate, which is great, because as we all know that flows through to the bottom line better. There's still room to drive occupancy on a Friday night or on a Sunday night to the extent that you can move group activity to those nights. And in general, as long as we continue to have the situation we have, which is demand is growing quicker than supply, ultimately that means occupancies countrywide have to go up. And I suspect it will be a benefit of that. But as consistent with what we've described, we generally think the bulk of our RevPAR growth going forward is going to happen generally through rate growth and not occupancy growth.Anto M. Savarirajan – Goldman Sachs & Co: Got it. Thank you very much.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. It looks like this year we will probably end up in the low 50% range in terms of the number of hotels that pay incentive management fees. Our expected increase in incentive management fees this year is actually not particularly great. I think were generally looking at flat. A lot of that really stems from the fact that we have renegotiated a few of our contracts with our operators and achieved, for particular hotels, the meaningful reductions in incentive management fees. So the others are going up and there some more hotels that are paying it, but that's than offset by our negotiations. As we look out past that, I think we generally would expect that we would see historical levels of increases in IMF in 2015 and 2016. But nothing – I don't know that we'll continue to see that 50% grow. And I don’t know that I necessarily have a sense as to what that looks like in say 2015 or 2016. But I suspect we'll start to approach the prior peak again in terms of the number of hotels that are paying incentive management fees.Thomas G. Allen – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: 
W. Edward Walter: I don’t know that there's any particular reason for why – to be honest I haven't looked at our guidance in comparison to theirs, so it's hard for me to be articulate about that type of comparison. I think that we are very happy with the way the first half of the year came out. Our RevPAR results, both domestically and internationally, have come in better than what we expected at the beginning of the year. When we look at the second half of the year, we feel fairly encouraged by the trends that we're looking at. And are essentially comfortable in really taking our RevPAR guidance from what – to the high end – the midpoint today is the high end of where we were at the last quarter. So I think you should view that as a general endorsement of the fact that we think things are going quite well. We feel encouraged on both the group and the transient side. We're looking forward to the second half of the year.
W. Edward Walter: If I were to look at today's pipeline, I would say that we're probably focused – the couple that would fall into that category are probably more near-term than long-term conversion opportunities. But that doesn't mean we wouldn't look at things that would take longer, I would just say that what we happen to be looking at today tends to be more near-term. And then of course we have a few opportunities within our portfolio, like the Four Seasons in Philadelphia where there's going to be an opportunity to reposition that asset. That will probably by its nature take a bit longer.Ryan Meliker – MLV & Co LLC:  That make sense. And then lastly, the economy, albeit slowly, seems to be improving in Europe. Are you guys getting more acquisitive overseas with your joint venture partner? It certainly seems like there's a lot more hotels hitting the market that might be of institutional quality today than there were a year ago.
W. Edward Walter: I think you're right in that assessment. We’ve certainly seen a pickup in activity in Europe. And both we and our partners are certainly interested in looking at everything and then trying to decide which ones make the most sense. But we have – I think you're right in your assessment that there has a pickup in activity there and I will be disappointed if we don't get some transactions done in Europe in the second half of the year.Ryan Meliker – MLV & Co LLC:  All right. That's helpful. That's all for me. Thanks a lot, Ed.
W. Edward Walter: You know what, I can't really give you a good number on that, because the reality is –think about it – if it's a more expensive hotels, then it's not going to be as many rooms. If it's a combination of some older hotels that are at lower RevPAR levels, it'll be a lot more rooms. So unfortunately I don't think I can give you a really useful number for that.C. Patrick Scholes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. No problem. Thank you anyway.
W. Edward Walter: I think the answer is so far, when you look at the bookings – the bookings for 2015 are modestly better. The bookings for 2016 are considerably better. The last time I looked the bookings for 2017 were looking quite good. And so I think the answer is the conventions – the new hotel is helping Washington to grow its convention center business. I have been quite encouraged by some of the more recent employment data that I have seen, which has suggested that job growth has started to return to the Washington area. And I'm generally very encouraged by just watching how the city is transforming itself over the course of the last, call it, 10 to 15 years. Where it really – Washington has become quite a different city from – the city that I remember when I first came down here in the late 70s. So, I think that the one negative, and it's a big one for Washington, continues to be what's been happening with the government. The combination both on the political side, the lack of activity on the Hill has to some degree stunted some business transient travel that we might normally have seen. : So as an opportunity to create value and generate value, we still are pretty optimistic about Washington. But it will certainly – we're looking forward to getting that period of time our convention business starts to pick up again. And then hopefully at some stage here, we start to see – we’re seeing a little bit more broader growth than what we've experienced the last couple of years.Smedes Rose – Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
W. Edward Walter: Well, thank you for joining us on this call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our second quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insight into the remainder of 2004 on our third quarter call in the fall. Have a great day. Enjoy the rest to your summer. Thanks.
Gregory J. Larson: Yeah, if you go back 2007, our peak EBITDA was – call it $1.48 billion, so it was close to $1.5 billion and obviously Andrew we’ve acquired – quite a few hotels since then and we sold some hotels as well. So I would that’s not really a comparable number. But that's where our peak EBITDA was back then.Andrew G. Didora – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. I guess I was asking what peak EBITDA was on your current portfolio. If you had owned your current assets back in 2007.
Gregory J. Larson: I agree. And I think if you just look at the quarter results. I know some people, some analysts talked about Marriott producing 6% of RevPAR. But, if you look at their upper upscale luxury properties, I think they reported 4.4% growth in RevPAR, which was comparable to our RevPAR growth for our domestic hotels at 4.5%. And if you include are non-comp hotels – our growth was closer to 5%.Thomas G. Allen – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Helpful. Thank you.
Gregory J. Larson: Yes. Joe, I talked about it before, we are expecting to have expenses each quarter leading up to the fourth quarter. And then when we open the timeshare in the fourth quarter, we'll actually be able to recognize the revenues. And so when we think about the full year, we are looking for around $11 million or so of EBITDA from the timeshare. But I guess our point here is that, when we look at expenses for the second quarter of this year, we had timeshare expenses this year, but if you looked at our second quarter and the prior year we didn't have timeshare expenses. So that was one delta, sort of comparing our adjusted EBITDA in the second quarter this year to the second quarter of last year. Obviously the other two big differences – one was the sale of some of our assets, including the Philadelphia Convention Center. Obviously, a lot of EBITDA in the second quarter of last year are not in our results this year. And then last in the second quarter of last year we also sold some tennis courts at the Newport Beach Marriott for approximately $21 million. So that was in our EBITDA last year and not this year.Joseph Greff – JP Morgan Chase & Co.:  Okay.
