W. Edward Walter: Okay. Let's -- so let's start with the issue about the lower-priced group, and the Special Corporate. It is, as you guessed, it is fairly difficult to get a precise handle on either of those, but especially the impact of the Special Corporate pricing. But here's what I would probably say. If we look at our group business in '12, I think we've previously estimated that maybe a quarter or so of that was booked during a period of time when pricing was weaker and when the business was softer. So as we keep working our way through '12 and into '13, we'll continue to find, because of the nature of how we book group in our hotels and because the number of them are larger hotels that book business significantly in advance, we'll continue to find that we have booked business during slightly slower times simply because we're now in the third year of a recovery. But I would imagine that as we work our way through this year and into next, there will be very little of the business that we've booked, to say back in the '09 time period, that's left on our books. And I don’t -- it is to some degree, inhibiting rate growth, but I guess I'll probably slip it around and go back to some comments that I made in my prepared remarks, which were that, while overall growth in the group area, was I think roughly around 1.5% to 2%, the reality is, is that the bookings that we're getting -- that we got in the last quarter for the third and fourth quarter this year were closer to up 7%, which I think sends a good signal for where group bookings are going on a going-forward basis. Now on the Special Corporate side, what I think you're referring to is the fact that a number of the -- on the transient side, a number of our Special Corporate accounts have what's called last room availability, which means that if there is a room available in a hotel of the type that they're entitled to, that even though we may be able to sell that to another customer at a higher price, they are entitled to get that room for the contract that they've agreed to -- that we've agreed with them on, if the room is available. And since Special Corporate pricing tends to be somewhat below our rack rate pricing, the reality is that did -- I think our sense is in the second quarter because of the high occupancy we ran at so many hotels, especially during the midweek, that did hold pricing back a little bit. At the end of the day, we were very pleased to see the growth in occupancy. That ultimately does allow us to push rate and we were doing that. You could see that at the overall rate growth that we saw on the transient side. There's not a lot that we can do in the near term, relative to the contracts that we've negotiated for 2012, but on the other hand, I think as you look to what that means for 2013, I suspect that our strategy, certainly at those hotels running high occupancies, will begin to change. We will certainly be pushing for higher pricing next year to reflect the more competitive market conditions. I also think that it's reasonable to assume that if trends hold the way they are now, we would probably do a little bit less in Special Corporate than we -- or have fewer Special Corporate accounts next year, or at least fewer Special Corporate accounts with last room availability, because we will be recognizing the fact that number one, we've got more group business on the books. We have a higher occupancy, and we really ultimately would like to be able to push even more of our business into those more highly rated Corporate and Premium categories. With respect to the guidance, I don't think that I really want to break it down into the different segments. I guess I would just say is at the end of the day, we made the decision to move forward with a comprehensive pool renovation including adding a small water park as part of our Orlando Hotel, and that combined with some other activity regarding façade improvements and other things, I mean, once we decide to step into the pool renovation area, we've decided to accelerate a lot of other activity at the hotel including the renovation of 2 of our food and beverage outlets. And the net effect of that, plus the decision to add what I think is going to turn into a great bar restaurant at the Helmsley, which was not part of our original game plan but represents an opportunity to not only add a very profitable outlet, but also gives us the ability to take the existing restaurant and turn that into meeting space, those changes I think, are going to be really positive for both of those hotels, but they did result in some reduction in EBITDA in the current year. We obviously hope that it results in much stronger EBITDA going forward.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. I would say that based on the last 12 months, EBITDA, we're right in the mid-13 range on our acquisition price.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, Joe, I think from a trend perspective, what I would tell you is where as a couple of years ago, we were finding it almost impossible to get really good attrition clauses. What I'm hearing in general is that while the course varies by hotel, we are starting to see an ability to negotiate better cancellation penalties, better attrition clauses and overall, better contracts. But as you can guess, it depends a lot on the hotels. So markets where occupancies have fully recovered, and it's becoming really the, I'd say, the balance of power shifted a bit back towards the hotel. You see better contracts and in other markets, they might still be struggling to recover a little bit or have in these periods, you don't see quite as much. But I think what we're seeing this year is ultimately a slight increase in attrition and cancellation fees on the year-to-date basis, compared to what we had last year, and I think that's a sign of the fact that we've been able to negotiate slightly better clauses in recently, compared to where we were a year or 2 ago. I also think here part of that too, is the fact that the business that was being booked in the end of '10 and in the beginning of '11, which tended to be very, very short term in nature, although I would still -- meaning that people have been booked, unless they're absolutely certain they were going to have the event. Now I think what you're seeing is while they're certainly is business being booked on a short-term basis, my sense is that just looking at how the bookings are playing out, we are seeing more people, more companies booking a little bit further in advance, and that's one of the reasons why you're seeing our booking pace show sort of the positive year-over-year comparisons that we've been describing.
W. Edward Walter: I think if you -- my guess is it's slightly north of 90%. Not -- maybe 90%, 91%, something like that. And that obviously depends a little bit on what happens in the fourth quarter bookings. But I think one thing that people should expect, is that given the strength that we have at this point for the rest of the year, we would expect to see incremental business booked. That's obvious, or implicit in my comments that 90% of it is on the books. But I suspect that on a relative year-over-year basis, we may not book quite as many rooms as we did last year only because we're so far ahead of where we were last year. Just to be clear, I mean, just to be clear, there -- sometimes these areas get confusing. We certainly expect that by the end of the year, our group business will be up significantly compared to last year.
W. Edward Walter: Now I'd say that I think it really is all caught up in the notion that there was -- well, there is a benefit in the same-store portfolio from the standpoint that the margin improvement is higher than what we've previously talked about. So we are definitely anticipating a pickup there. It's just that when you look at what I guess I might describe as the non-comp assets, there are some reduction in there because of some of the capital projects we spoke about, and then we also have some changes happening because of the EBITDA associated with assets that we expect to sell. Now that obviously could play out a little bit differently than what we've anticipated in the numbers that we have. You never know exactly how quickly an asset is going to sell. And once we put it on the market, we would obviously like to see that happen sooner than later, but there is some variability in the way those would play out. But I don't think at the end of the day, that either -- that has a material effect on the answer here.
W. Edward Walter: We certainly do expect that some of the -- a number of the hotels that we are marketing today will close at the end of the year -- by the end of the year. Only one of the hotels that we have been marketing in 2012 met the standard to be excluded from our comp set and be treated as a held-for-sale asset. So that was -- none of the others are anywhere near as far along as that. A lot of our marketing of hotels that we're counting on in selling in the fourth quarter began in the beginning of the second quarter. So we're well into the sale process, and I think have some reasonable level of confidence that we will transact, but we're certainly not in a position to make any announcements relative to which of those hotels will sell. I'd say we've tried to -- in the estimates that we've provided about incremental sales, we haven't assumed that everything that we have on the market will sell certainly. We've tried to make a guess that some reasonable number of the ones that are marketing, that those would close by year end.
W. Edward Walter: I would say that is the number of folks we've talked about over maybe the last 60 days. Earlier in the year, there was an anticipation that the second half of 2012 would be somewhat like the first half of 2011, meaning a very high level of activity. I'd say expectations have moderated a bit. But clearly, we're seeing more activity, more opportunity right now than we did in the beginning of the year, and I think that doesn't surprise me in some ways that would happen. I think conditions are better. So we didn't try to predict the number of acquisitions that we would get done, but we certainly still are looking to be active. And I would still say that at the end of the day, for the full year, it is our intent to be a net acquirer as opposed to a net seller in 2012. Now obviously, with the deal we just completed and announced this morning, we've got a good head start on that. So I'm not saying we're necessarily going to buy as much as we're going to sell in the rest of the year, but we do for the full year, intend to be a net acquirer if at all possible.
W. Edward Walter: Well, we wouldn't modify our guidance. That's we already have up. It's what we gave you, so it's included therein. We saw really strong F&B revenues. They were up 5.7% in the quarter. Flow-through was very strong, as I talked about, up over 47%. We also saw a really nice ADR growth. So we had a really good rooms flow through as well. Then you throw in the property insurance and taxes, better loans, another 15 basis points. So I think it's a combination of all of those things, not to mention, I should also add, utilities were down. We were expecting utilities to be up about 2.5% in the quarter, and they were up -- they were down 3.5%. And so at this point, on a full year basis, we were looking at utilities when we gave guidance before, up about 1% to 2%. Now we think they're going to be down slightly.
W. Edward Walter: No, I'd say that we're generally expecting that what we saw in the first half will carry through into the second half.
W. Edward Walter: Well, Josh, I think we -- I think you're right in saying that the Washington market in general is closer to its prior peak than some of the other markets or a number of the other markets across the U.S. This asset is not quite at its prior peak. It's probably I'd end up with. My guess is it's about 8% to 9%, 8% to 10% below its prior peak to EBITDA. So as we look at this hotel though, I think that the real opportunity that comes from owning this hotel, comes from its location within D.C. And honestly, what we see is the long-term prospects for the D.C. market. Washington's been talked a lot about the last couple of years as a weaker market, and I think a number of us that are invested in the market have highlighted the fact that part of the problem has been issues -- Washington didn’t fall as far as some other markets consequently didn't necessarily have as much easy ground to recover, and then there's been some issues that I think are somewhat unique to the current period, dealing with a weaker convention calendar and an absence of activity on Capitol Hill that have resulted in less transient demand in Washington than we would normally expect to see. As we look further out in Washington, thinking more broadly about the market, we think Washington is going to continue to be a very attractive market for convention business. And as it -- with the new hotel coming online in 2014, it will only help facilitate the strength of Washington, the convention market. And if you look at the bookings out more into the, say the 2015, 2016 level, we're seeing a certainly, a definite increase in bookings in those years, especially in 2016. That confirms the fact that Washington should be on a long-term basis, a very active convention market. I don't think that the current gridlock on Capitol Hill can continue forever. And so it would seem to me that -- and it would surprise me if it did start to happen in '13. If we didn't start to see an accelerated level of legislative activity, which will certainly lead to an accelerated level of lodging -- of demand for lodging from lobbyists, that will be helpful and adds some strength into the Washington market. So then I think adding -- besides the fact that we generally feel very good about the long term for the Washington market, the last thing I would add is how the location of the Grand Hyatt in Washington is right in what's really becoming the heart of the city. It's immediately opposite what was the old Convention Center site, which the old Convention Center was demolished once the new Convention Center was built in earlier this past decade. And now, it's being redeveloped into 1 million square feet of office and over 300,000 square feet of retail, as well as a couple of different condo projects. And I think there's a real expectation that, that's going to provide a focal point for that part of downtown. We should benefit from that. And I think the location of this hotel is only getting better, and it has had a good track record over the last decade or 2. From our perspective, that can only improve over the next decade or 2.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, as it relates -- yes, certainly in the near term, we're very confident we'd like to be a net acquirer. I think the answer around that question depends upon where pricing goes. And so, we'll continue to evaluate assets the same way we always have, which is to look at our long-term cash flow for the asset and look to see if we believe, under what we think are conservative assumptions, we can generate a return on that asset that would exceed our cost of capital. Now I don't know exactly how this cycle will play out, but I do know that in the last cycle, what ended up happening in 2006 and 2007, is we started to see pricing that just was so strong, that under the assumptions under which we were comfortable underwriting assets, we've started to find that we just weren't competitive as the buyer. Not because we didn't have a low cost of capital, but I think others were just being very aggressive. And consequently, we made a decision at that point that we were better off being a seller than a buyer. I clearly anticipate that we will find the same sort of dynamic happen at some point in this cycle. I don't see any real signs of it yet, so I suspect that even as we look at '13, we would still be active on the acquisition front, but it's hard to predict beyond that right now.
W. Edward Walter: First I'd say, Jim, so far on food cost, I mean, we've done very well. We actually had a benefit of 20 basis points as a percentage of revenue in the quarter. A lot of the things over time since 2008, we focused a lot on working with the operators on menu management, making sure of good profits, making sure they're focused in using the vendor and some of the services to get the cheapest pricing. Right now, we had -- banquet and AV revenues were up 6.8% in the quarter. So we've been pushing through price -- some price increases there, and overall the menu management has been good. Clearly, when you see the cornfields out in the Midwest, there is some concern around that, but we haven't seen that inflation at the properties.
W. Edward Walter: I guess what I would say is that consistent with what you've seen so far this cycle, we still expect that the bulk of the investment that we do will end up in the U.S. Having said that though, I think you did touch on a couple of different places around the world where we are interested in investing more. Europe, as Larry talked about our results in Europe during his comments, and we've been pleasantly surprised by how well Europe has held up despite the turmoil and the debt markets over there, especially the sovereign debt market. And we continue to be interested in investing over there. I think most people know, we invested through a joint venture, with 2 fairly sophisticated investors: One is the government of Singapore, Government Investment Corp. out of Singapore, and the other is APG, the big Dutch pension fund. And as we discuss with them about how to pursue opportunities in Europe, the conclusion that we've collectively reached at this point is that we would be interested in pursuing opportunities in what I would loosely describe as Northern Europe, and I probably focused that more directly on, say London, Paris, and certain other markets in Germany. Both because those are markets that we think will do better from an economic perspective, and certainly from a lodging perspective, but also there are markets that attract a fair amount of leisure customers, which I think helps provide a base for those markets if the economic situation in Europe were to weaken even further. But generally, I don't think we would -- because those are the markets we would look at there. As we look at Brazil, you're right that we'd recently announced the joint venture to develop -- rather an acquisition to buy a completion, in Novotel and in ibis that are being built in Rio de Janeiro. As we look at Brazil, which is really our only focus market in Latin America, we would like to buy existing full-service there because we still feel very good about the overall opportunity in Brazil, and on a select-service side, we think that matches up well with the, sort of emerging wealth that's happening within the country of Brazil, to think that as that country -- as the middle class in Brazil grows larger, they probably aren't going to be staying at the higher-end hotels, but select-service hotels are appropriately positioned to capture that traveler. So I think we could see some incremental investment in some other select-service hotels in the couple of the major markets within Brazil. Nothing necessarily imminent, but we are looking at some opportunities there. In the other markets I haven't touched on, is Asia. And there, we're really focusing our efforts right now primarily in Australia, which I think would generally be existing hotels. Although there's always the possibility in a market that's as tight as Australia, for a new build opportunity. And then we're looking at Singapore and Hong Kong. But I think all of those -- we've tried to -- I'd say in some degree, as we've looked at Asia, we are refining the markets that we're focusing on there a bit, taking -- recognizing that some of the emerging markets certainly would put China at the top of this list, have seen an incredible amount of new supply. Now while that certainly there's a lot of growth in the lodging industry in a market like China, we're not necessarily certain there's an opportunity for a lodging owner to make a lot of money there.
W. Edward Walter: We have a JV that is building 7 hotels in India, and I'd say that at this point in time, we are watching how that process proceeds and continue to get more and more familiar with the India market. The new supply in India is picking up a bit. It's certainly nowhere near at the level of what we've seen in China, but I'd say right now, we have a cautious outlook on India and are trying to really get a better handle on that as we watch what happens with the hotels that we're completing there.
W. Edward Walter: We've concluded that ultimately, we'd like to see become a lower leverage company than where we were at the peak of the last cycle. In part, because we think that will just drive a lower cost of capital, and also in part because we think that's probably just overall safer structure for our company. If we were to try to put that into a debt-to-EBITDA metric, that would suggest to us that we should target to be at or below a 3x debt-to-EBITDA multiple.
W. Edward Walter: Harry, that's a great question, and I -- but I think the short answer to that is that we generally would expect it to be in line with what we've seen in the first half of the year. The group bookings in Europe this year have been quite strong. Some of that, admittedly in London, is driven by the Olympics. But the Olympics don't drive -- our portfolio is pretty well diversified across all of Europe, and the reality is that we're seeing relatively good group activity throughout Europe. One of the -- I think in some markets, and I'm thinking of Barcelona when I say this, I think Barcelona is actually benefiting from some increased travel from the U.S. over to Barcelona. I suspect that the favorable trends from the U.S. perspective on the euro, meaning that the euro's gone down, which makes having a meeting or an event in Europe is a little bit cheaper, are probably helping us a little bit on that front. But I think that we keep looking for themes there and trends and trying to track, to try to anticipate which direction Europe is going. And as I think we just talked about on the prior calls, we took a fairly conservative approach to Europe when we thought about how it should fit within our numbers and how it -- what we would anticipate there in the beginning of the year. And the reality is, as you know if you look at year-to-date, in London and Paris, have been in the -- have seen RevPAR growth in the upper single digits and Barcelona has been right there next to them. The one market that's underperformed year-to-date has really been Brussels, but we have a sense that, that will do a little bit better in the second half of the year. So when you work all the way through it, I suspect we'll see some ups and downs through these different markets because that's been the track record for the first half of the year, but at the end of the day, we would continue to expect to see this sort of 3% to 4% RevPAR growth for the full year that we've experienced for the first half.
W. Edward Walter: We're about to, in the next couple of weeks, to start to review our capital plan for 2013. So I guess the way -- the short answer is, I don't think we have any major renovations of the scale of, say, the Chicago O'Hare Marriott or the Atlanta Perimeter Hotel that are on the books today. But I wouldn't be surprised if there are 1 or 2 hotels that didn't ultimately creep into our capital plan as we see some opportunities, to make some material changes in some hotels in an effort to improve their performance. But I think in that category, they would tend to be smaller hotels and probably wouldn't have the impact that you're imagining. In terms of the broader driver behind your question, we feel like we're generally fairly caught up in capital projects, and so we certainly don't feel like we're looking at a deficit in the portfolio. I don't envision that we have any amount of where right now, of any Philadelphia Marriott projects where you're spending $60 million on a hotel, and it really has a disruptive effect on your operations. Well, the same thing, that result, that these larger projects that we've been in the midst of up in the Sheraton in New York. So I suspect at the end of the day, there should be a little less drag but to be perfectly honest here, we're probably about a month early for me to intelligently answer that question because that's what we're about to figure out coming up here soon.
W. Edward Walter: At the risk of rather trying to answer that and turning out to be wrong, I think it would just -- it will -- more to come on that as we get in probably at our third quarter call, we might have a little bit more insight on that.
W. Edward Walter: That's a great question, and we think about that very specifically as it relates to each asset that we sell. And so we've tried to be thoughtful as we look out and think about what hotels are coming on the market to try it with -- our capital plan tends to take into account either those sorts of investments that we think would add value to the hotel, so that we can get the value when we sell. We also tend to look at those sorts of -- this doesn't come up as often, but if there is a more complicated capital project that we think -- well, it may not add to value as one of these sorts of projects where the buyer might ding us more because it wasn't done. Think of a facade or a roof when you're looking and thinking of an example that whether there maybe a variety of ways to approach it. We've typically been addressing those sorts of projects to make certain that we don't end up creating a reason why a buyer might be able to offset the price for a capital improvement. So what it comes down to is, each individual asset gets a capital plan that takes into account the fact that we have a general idea about when we'd like to sell that asset and then we will complete that in advance. I think part of the -- and the way you approach these things can vary a bit. But in certain areas like with the rooms renovation, it maybe that you ultimately realize the buyer really is going -- especially in a hotel where the management may change, in a lot of hotels we sell, there is an opportunity for a new operator to come into the hotel, you may not want to necessarily do a rooms renovation because it may be clear that the buyer will want to control that, and will want to reach their own conclusions about how much of a renovation to do and how to approach it. So there's a lot of different factors that go into it, but ultimately, we try to tailor the program to the asset and the opportunity.
W. Edward Walter: Jeff, I think you're right and that ultimately, we may be speaking more broadly to the question. We do intend to be an active seller over the next 2 or 3 years, and as we -- consistent with what we've described in the past, a number of these suburban assets, both in core and non-core markets and airport locations, leaving out the ones that are sort of directly attached to the airport, those are the sorts -- those are hotels that would be high on our priority list in terms of sale -- hotels should be sold. And I think it's the combination of what you described relative to lower RevPAR, it's also the probability that there are situations that the CapEx may be a bit higher for those hotels as a percentage of revenue. It deals with our outlook in some cases about the growth prospects for those hotels, not in general but relative to the strong prospects that we might see for a number of our urban hotels. So if you go back to the last cycle, I don't remember the exact number right now, but we've sold somewhere, plus or minus around 35, 36 hotels. I don't know that we'll necessarily end up being quite that big of a seller this cycle, but we will be a very active seller if the market permits us to do that. And then we do as we've described before, intend to focus the portfolio on a smaller number of markets that will mean that we will be reducing our presence in those markets that we don't view as core going forward, and even in some of the core markets that we've identified as the market conditions permit us to, we will look to sell assets that are located in suburban locations.
W. Edward Walter: Well, as an order of hotels, I'd love it if a few more of the other ones got converted into residential. I can assure you of that. I think it's hard to say how often that will happen. I mean, the part of it is, well, that we still feel that a lot of markets, the outlook, the fundamental outlook between demand and supply for hotels is very attractive. So in some ways, it probably requires some special situations like the one that we saw in Indianapolis where we just felt that the hotel as originally designed and built, was a little bit too big for the market, which is why it made sense to take one tower from the hotel and convert it to apartment. I'm sure you're right that there will be other situations like that around the country. There are always are. And a lot of times, those come about because there's a changing nature in the local market where the building exists, and so whatever the original reason why people are building a hotel or a hotel of a certain size, there's a reason to make a change. I don't know how much of the theme we will see of that, in part because in general, across the country, we're seeing improving lodging dynamics not deteriorating.
W. Edward Walter: Well, actually, this will be Ed Walter thanking you, but I would like to thank everybody for joining us on this call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our second quarter results, our new acquisition, and our outlook with you. We would look forward to providing you with more insights into the rest of the year on our third quarter call in October. Have a great day, everyone.
