W. Edward Walter: Certainly, Josh. Let me try to clarify a couple of things here, though. The 6.6% change in RevPAR that Josh is referencing is a comparison of what was our RevPAR for all of our properties in the first quarter of last year compared to what is our RevPAR for -- in the first quarter of 2013 for everything that we own today. So part of what's captured in that difference, and the RevPAR in 2013 is 6.6% higher than what it was before, a big part of what's captured in there compared to our 5.1% RevPAR growth in the first quarter is the strong performance of a number of the hotels that we have invested capital in and have -- and consequently have significantly improved our operations, as well as some of the hotels that we've purchased, which are not part of our comp set, which are performing well. All of those hotels -- that subgroup that I just described, had RevPAR growth above 27% in the first quarter. The other piece, though, of the -- of that calculation that we need to remember, is that the comp set in 2012 is slightly different, or the overall number of hotels we owned in 2012 is different from what we owned in 2013. So for instance, what's in the 2012 number is the Atlanta Marquis, what's in the 2013 number is the Grand Hyatt in D.C. So there's 2 factors that are applied there. But the bottom line point, Josh, that you've identified, which is that the broader portfolio is growing a bit faster than what our comparable portfolio is growing, is true.
W. Edward Walter: I can't sit here and say that I've exactly looked at it. But the reality is that, other than to the extent that those numbers are affected by sales or acquisitions, which would change that relationship a little bit, the reality is it should generally continue at that level.
W. Edward Walter: As I highlighted in my comments, we do -- we are looking at a couple of things where we feel relatively confident we may -- we'll have a closing in the second quarter on a transaction. And so I would -- I guess I would describe the equity raise in March as pre-funding the capital required to complete that acquisition. I would also agree with you that we are intending on seeing sales accelerate over the course of this year, and in general, would like to fund most of our acquisitions out of the proceeds of asset sales.
W. Edward Walter: As we have described in the past, sort of the process that we go through as we sell assets and then determine what to do with those proceeds, one of the things that we would always look at is whether it made sense to buy back our stock. I guess what I would say is that, so far, as we've gone through that process, we've concluded that it either made sense to reinvest in our portfolio in the form of some of these redevelopments and ROI investments we've made, or it has -- we felt comfortable in redeploying that capital into acquisitions. Certainly, as we progressed through the cycle and we inevitably reach the point where we're a bigger seller than we are a buyer, then at that point in time, we'll again continue to look at whether it makes sense in buying back our stock [indiscernible] at the same time the leverage targets that we've described to you all that we'd like to obtain.
W. Edward Walter: I would say we're at the point now where we feel pretty good about where we -- we feel good about the length of the cycle. And so generally -- and we feel good about the progress that we've already made in terms of improving our balance sheet. So the reality is, as we look at incremental acquisitions, we're thinking of funding those sort of on a pro rata basis in terms of debt and equity, consistent with where the company is currently capitalized. Now you're not going to likely see that in the context of, "Oh well, we put a secured loan on an asset right after we bought it," because that's just not how we do things. But when we think more broadly about our financing plan for the year, we would be envisioning if our acquisition activity heated up, and to the extent that it exceeded our asset sales activity, that we would fund that through a combination of debt and equity.
W. Edward Walter: I think you've accurately summarized what a number of us have seen over the past quarter. And I don't know that there is a perfect explanation for it. I mean, I would say we still feel pretty good about group. We feel, as we talked about in our comments, especially the second and fourth quarters of this year look very, very strong from a group perspective. And just as importantly, when I look out to 2014, we had a very nice jump in terms of room nights and revenues that were booked for 2014. So the longer term seems to be fairly positive. But having said that, there was a little bit of weakness during the first quarter relative to overall bookings. I think some of that is probably tied in with the weakness in government bookings. I think we did -- I think all of our operators and most of our larger properties saw some reduction in government bookings over the course, or more than some, something in the 40% range in terms of government bookings during the quarter. So I think that contributed to part of it. I also think that, while you're right about unemployment is -- or employment is improving, unemployment is declining and certainly, today's report seems to be a positive one, the reality is, compared to where we've been in other cycles, we are way behind in terms of reducing the unemployment rate. So I just looked the other day and realized that, back in '04 and '05, which was when we were starting to approach -- really rebuild our whole group pipeline and our group business, we were looking at an unemployment rate that was more in the 5% to 5.5%, not the 7.5% and above that we're facing right now. So while the data that connects employment and group business is not as tight a correlation as some of the others we've seen in the industry, I've still generally found that group, especially corporate group, accelerates when you start to see more employment growth, and today's report, in some ways, gave me some -- even more of a sense of optimism about what we might see over the latter half of the year.
W. Edward Walter: I'd say that -- I mean, first off, if you look at the guidance change that we've made, I'd say that the bulk of the lift in the EBITDA guidance is related to the recognition of the gain associated with the sale of the property in Newport Beach. But however, there is some improvement there that's tied to the fact that we feel more confident about where margins are going to come out for the year. I would not read our -- read anything more into that guidance other than the fact that we continue to feel fairly good about the whole year. We probably -- I'm trying to get a handle on the first quarter. It was maybe a little bit more challenging, given the changes in the calendar that we have faced, and we did do better than we had expected, and so as a result, I continue to feel very good about how the year is going to play out. I don't have any less of a sense of optimism regarding the last 3 quarters of the year than I did in February.
W. Edward Walter: Sure, David. I guess what I would say is we've been pretty clear about what the markets are that we've been most interested in investing. It's generally are the coastal markets, Chicago and Hawaii. And as we're -- I would say right now that the focus for us has -- for this year, is representing -- recognizing the strength that we already have in sort of the Northeast and the Mid-Atlantic, has been to focus more on the West Coast markets with the exception of San Diego. We're certainly looking at some of the markets in Waikiki, not more in Hawaii. So probably more Waikiki, not Maui, given our presence in Maui already. And then on the East Coast, I think the one market that we're very interested in adding more exposure is Miami, because we're certainly underrepresented there. And that is a market that has done quite well, and we think will continue to do quite well. If you -- in terms of thinking about where the market is in terms of pricing and competition, I mean, I think we're -- there continues to be a slow flow of assets to the market. I wouldn't say it's a flood. I would say that that's probably reflective of the fact that people are fairly comfortable that the cycle is going to be extended. And so there is no rush to reap value before the theoretical end of the cycle. So I think that's why we haven't seen maybe as many assets on the market as folks had hoped. But having said that, the brokerage community is probably closer to the overall degree of the flow than we are. And I think they still seem to feel that the transaction activity this year will be pretty comparable to what existed last year.
W. Edward Walter: Well, I would -- I guess, in part, I should correct my answer a bit. I would say we are still looking to invest globally. We have about EUR 130 million in equity commitment remaining in the European JV and our activity there is generally focused in Northern Europe, with a primary focus in Germany. We are interested in adding more exposure to Brazil, as we continue to like the fundamentals there and generally feel good about where Brazil is headed. And then in Asia, the market that's getting the most focus, it would be Australia. So you had correctly identified that. It's always hard to predict what the mix of activity's going to be. But as I've said in the past, we'd like to grow some of these international businesses. But we still expect that the bulk of our activity will happen in the U.S.
W. Edward Walter: It's still affected by the markets, because it depends a little bit on how much the market has recovered vis-à-vis prior peaks, and then what the near-term outlook is. But the sense that we have right now, is that if you're in a leading market, high-tier, either luxury or upper upscale asset, you're probably still in that 5% to 6% range for a cap rate. And then I think if you move to select service, you might drop -- that might increase by about a point.
W. Edward Walter: What we're seeing in -- as it relates to who's booking, is it seems to be a combination of both associations who are looking at slightly bigger events. I don't know that they're booking more events, but I think they're booking bigger events, is what we hear. And then I think the other element of it is improved corporate bookings, which is good to see. And so I think that has been what's been driving the improvement. Overall, the -- if you just sort of combine both room night improvements as well as rate improvements, our group bookings for 2014 are up over 6%.
W. Edward Walter: The project that's under construction that's down in the Barra da Tijuca part of Rio de Janeiro, which is not far from where the Olympics will be held, is progressing right on schedule. And so we've been very happy with our -- the developer and construction team on that project, and everything seems to be headed in the right direction. I would tell you that the activity that we're looking at in Brazil right now seems to be more on the existing side than on the new construction side. But we would be open to an additional new development project. It just seems that the current flow right now has been more attractive on the existing side because of a couple of opportunities we're looking at there.
W. Edward Walter: I don't know any reason why we wouldn't get back to those levels. I mean, we're -- as we look at where this is headed, I mean, we feel good about where the industry is going and consequently, I would expect that we would get right up to those levels and depending upon which assets are missing, I don't know why we wouldn't go by it.
W. Edward Walter: I mean, we had pretty good rate growth this last quarter. So I would say that we still expect to see some occupancy growth. But as we look at our full year, I think you're right that we would expect, over the course of this year, there's certainly a reasonable prospect for higher rate growth than what we had in the first quarter. Trying to predict where that goes beyond 2013 is a little tricky at this point in time, but I think the main point we're trying to make is that we would expect to see -- to continue to see RevPAR growth above inflation in the future, that will allow us to have margin growth above -- margin growth. All of those factors will ultimately lead to higher NOI, higher EBITDA, and that means our partners, the operators can have higher IMF.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. I don't know that it's a shift in attitude on our part in terms of acquiring and wanting to acquire them. But I would say that there's more than a handful of transactions that we've been in discussions about, that would involve what I would describe as urban select service or in-city, not in suburbs, but in-city select service. We think it's a natural complement to the hotels that we already own. And I think it's a business we feel comfortable we understand. And so, again, I don't think it's going to -- we're not thinking in any way that we're transforming our portfolio in a different direction. But in our target markets, as a complement to the assets we own in those markets, owning some select service would make sense from our perspective.
W. Edward Walter: That's a tricky question. I think that if you just look at what we would typically expect to see in the portfolio, sort of exclusive of larger projects, it probably doesn't run quite that high. I think it's probably -- I think my guess is it's 2/3 of that. Now having said that, there is a project that we've been working on for a fair amount of time, that we've talked about in the past, which is a new ballroom out at the San Diego Marriott & Marina Hotel, which would sit between our Hyatt and our Marriott. And so that project, in and of itself, is probably in the $90 million to $100 million range. So when one of those comes along, it's going to change that equation pretty radically. But I would totally agree with Larry. Between the opportunity for energy ROIs and then just looking for opportunities to improve the portfolio in different ways, we never seem to have a shortage of these types of projects.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, it's -- I would say, as I think across the transactions that we've been looking at, in most instances, you're finding, certainly on the full-service side, I think you're still seeing that assets are trading at a discount to replacement cost. That discount is smaller in certain markets, where the recovery has been quicker. I think some of the West Coast markets, like San Francisco, might fall into that area. But I think you're still -- you're not seeing a lot of full-service upper upscale construction even being discussed. And I think that's a sort of confirmation of the fact that values have not yet risen to a point where they exceed the cost to construct. I think, as we typically see in our business, the select service side is a bit more efficient, runs higher margins and probably, ultimately, is always -- you always find the numbers make sense there more quickly. And so I do think, in some of these hotter markets, you're starting to see a point where new construction numbers can make some sense. Doesn't mean assets aren't necessarily still trading at below replacement cost today, but it would also mean that there is -- the newer projects that are being built, they're new, they're current, they're taking advantage of the trends in the industry. And so they may be able to convince themselves that there's a little bit better yield on cost there than what you might see on an acquisition. So the market, I think was -- we're not seeing a lot of supply anywhere other than in New York. New York would obviously be a prime example of what I just described, with all the construction that's going on there. But I think, as you would expect, as the cycle matures, you're seeing -- you're slowly seeing that begin to build a bit.
W. Edward Walter: Jeff, the one thing to recognize in our case is that, as we've talked with our operators, a huge majority of their folks are already taking advantage of their insurance -- their benefit offerings. So while we would expect to see the requirements to provide insurance will lead to some increase there, it's -- we're not in a situation where we've had very low levels of participation by the associates at the hotels and then would, therefore, expect to see a dramatic change in expenses as a result of the act.
W. Edward Walter: Well, I'm going to let Larry answer the question about D.C. and then I'll come back and address your question about bookings.
W. Edward Walter: And as it relates to the group business, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're at the point of the year where we've booked or we have under contract 85% of the room nights that we expect to do for the year. So now the way I would look at that is that you really wouldn't expect more than 15% of that business for the full year to really be at risk. Obviously, there's always a risk of cancellations, which would be included in that 85% number. And as I mentioned earlier, we had seen some cancellations that we thought were sequester-related. But the properties have generally gone back out to their group business on the government side, over the course of the last month, and I think feel relatively confident that we're not going to see more cancellations. So that risk is always there. But the reality is, for our portfolio, the good news is that 85% of the business is on the books and should show up or we should get paid for it.
W. Edward Walter: I mean, I would -- at this stage, we would generally expect that, for the remainder of the year, we should book about the same -- we should fill in that 15%. In other words, I feel pretty good about, based on the forecast that we've been looking at and the conversations we've had with our operators, we're relatively confident that we're going to finish the year with the amount of group rooms that we expect at this point.
W. Edward Walter: No, I don't think we're seeing any real softness on the rate side. I mean, clearly, group business is important to us. But it still only represents about 38%, 39% of our overall business. And so, one of the things that's happening out there right now is that our transient business is so strong that we may end up with less -- I suspect we will finish this year with a little bit less group than what we had expected probably back in January or February. But one of the reasons for that is that transient demand is solid enough that we will not be taking lower-priced group, discount group, when we feel good about the ability to fill in those rooms with better-priced transient. And so -- well, I don't know that, that was much of a factor in the first quarter. As we look out to the rest of the year, and we're in periods of the year where occupancy is a lot stronger, I think that's one other factor that will be affecting our outlook.
W. Edward Walter: Let see, government business for us, overall, represents about 6% of our room nights. And that would be about split pretty evenly between transient and group. So that would be -- the government group would be less than 10% of our group business. It seems to me, if I do the math quickly in my head, we're probably in the 7%, 8% range.
W. Edward Walter: Definitely. Government, we've talked in the past that government, in general, whether it's on the group side or on the transient side, tends to be a lower-priced business, it tends to be a business that we -- as things get -- as times get better and pricing gets higher, we naturally find that its share of our overall activity declines. The fact that government group and individual travel would be weaker this year is something that we've all -- that everybody in the industry has known for quite some time. So we certainly have been working, as we could, to transition away from that. Some properties are obviously better situated to do that than others. But we expected that business to decline as the recovery progresses and that's what's happening.
W. Edward Walter: I would say that, first of all, you've correctly diagnosed what's driving transaction activity in Europe, which is generally, outside of a few transactions, and I probably put the InterCon in London in this exclusion area, but other than a few transactions that might have been driven by strategic reasons, the bulk of the activity that's happening there seems to be in some way related to debt, maturing debt or too much debt. So that also means that I would expect the volume of activities that we would review and look at in Europe will be lighter than what we've seen in the U.S., because I think we're in a better position right now in the U.S. in terms of overall values. In terms of yields in Europe, they vary considerably by the city and the country. I would say that yields, cap rates and what we would view as a 10-year unlevered IRR, in some of the -- in the major markets, so we're talking, really, London and Paris, are comparable to what you would expect to see in the top cities in the U.S. As you move into Germany, where there's no one dominant market, I would say that those cap rates are higher and the target IRR -- so the achievable 10-year IRR in those markets would be higher than what you would see in the U.S.
W. Edward Walter: Jim, I think that's a good insight, is that as the CMBS market recovers, there should be more financing available to the sort of non-gateway markets. I don't know that there's been enough transaction activity yet and enough price discovery to really establish that, that gap has closed in a material way. But I think that that's a likely outcome over the course of the next 12 to 24 months, because as the financing's available and the interest rates are attractive, capital will start to flow in that direction. Our goal's going to be to try to take advantage of that by being a seller of assets in those markets.
W. Edward Walter: All right. Well, thank you for joining us for this call today. I again apologize for my voice, but I'm pleased to see that I hung in there all the way through the call. I assure you I'll sound better in July. Look forward to talking to you later in the summer. Have a good weekend, everybody.
Larry K. Harvey: Yes, for this year, based on our forecast, it's roughly, call it 43% of our hotels, will pay incentive fees and then, call it, low to mid 60s at the peak.
Larry K. Harvey: So looking at those assets, Jeff, I mean, we're getting, call it, mid to high teens on some of those projects. So including our ROIs, energy ROIs, we've got a couple we're working on, particularly in New York City, got a $9 million one there, very good returns. So we -- as from a pipeline, we're constantly looking for those, and as Ed mentioned, we had the meeting space, the restaurant that was converted to meeting space at the Westin Grand Central. So we've been doing them for a long time and we're trying to do a better job of getting it out there, of all the stuff we've been doing. With that, it's adding meeting space when appropriate, getting rid of unprofitable restaurants and converting them into meeting space or other uses. But there's plenty of projects that we're looking out for.
Larry K. Harvey: Well, Jeff, I mean, you have to just go back a little bit, the CMBS market has improved significantly this year, but if you go back to where it was in the '05 to '07 peak, it was -- the CMBS market was a $200 million -- $200 billion a year in new issuance. This year the run rate is much higher. I think the prediction for this year is, call it, $80 billion to $100 billion, and last year it was, call it, low 50s. So there has been an improvement in that market. CMBS would be the perfect market for someone to go out and finance on the hotel side, and there have been a couple of one-off larger hotels, CMBS deals done. But if you had a $200 million, $150 million to $200 million hotel, what they would do is typically just drop it into one of those securitizations. So that market has improved significantly. And we would expect that to continue.
Larry K. Harvey: Jeff, that's a great question. I'm not sure anybody in the government knows. We are working with the brands, and I know Arne came out with something yesterday saying 50 basis points on margins. It's -- we're working with the brands. We're waiting on them to come back to us with better answers. But frankly, I think they're having -- somewhat challenged by the fact there isn't a lot of great information out there, and there's a lot of concerns over it actually getting implemented next year.
Larry K. Harvey: Yes. If you look at the upper D.C. -- if you look at the market for upper up, it was up 4.5%. Our D.C. presence, if you look at our downtown hotels, as I mentioned on the call, we're up 5.3%. So it's really the outside, the downtown area. So some of our suburban hotels, such as the Gaithersburg Washingtonian and a couple of other hotels out towards the Dulles Airport that have really impacted that. So as you get closer into the city, we're a little bit ahead of where the market upper up is.
Larry K. Harvey: Robin, this is Larry. Just one last thing. We did also have the Hyatt Capitol Hill under renovation in the quarter, so that also impacted that difference.
