Jim Risoleo: Chris, if you look at the international exposure, I don’t have the exact EBITDA percentage contribution coming out of Brazil in 2018. I don’t know, Sourav or anyone else other team can dig that up. We have three hotels in Brazil, the biggest one being the JW Marriott in Rio and Copacabana beach, and then two small core properties, which would consider “international assets”. Those are the only two international assets we have. The other two are based in Canada. One is a Marriott in Calgary and the other is the Marriott in Toronto at Eaton Centre. So I don’t paint one all those assets with one brush. I think at some point in time, we will sell the assets in Brazil. Brazil has faced a lot of challenges today, but if you look at it in the context of EBITDA contribution and investment relative to the Host enterprise value, it’s really quite frankly, diminimous.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. The issue around labor is really – it really varies market by market. We have seen the greatest level of staffing challenges in the markets were demand quickly returned such as South Florida, Atlanta, Texas and Phoenix. And we are in constant dialogue with our operators on the hiring process, and they are really keen on dedicating the resources that are necessary to ramp up hiring. We’re seeing a slight increase in applicant flow over the last four weeks or so, four or five weeks. And we pinpoint that to, we believe that that is due to the fact that the supplemental unemployment benefits are have run out or we’ll be running out and about 25 states. And come September 6 as the supplemental unemployment benefit expires across the nation. So hourly labor is tougher to find in the Sunbelt, but the management labor is the challenge in the more Northern markets right now. So as we think about it, we’re not really overly concerned about wage inflation. Sourav can share some numbers on where we are with respect to the $15 wage across our portfolio. This is something we’ve looked at. This is something we think about. And as you can see from what we’ve been able to accomplish to date, we have a keen focus on expense control and cost control. So I’ll turn it over to Sourav to talk a little bit about the wage scale in our hotels.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. I think there are a couple pieces to your question, Robin. Number one is, we have the ability under our existing credit waiver agreement to acquire $2 billion of assets subject to our maintaining $600 million of liquidity in the company. That’s point number one. The second piece of it is that we do have some flexibility on asset sales to take that capital and redeploy it into other acquisitions going forward. I think Sourav can correct me here because it’s been a while since we talked about the waiver. But if it’s like kind exchanges, we have a lot of flexibility to do that going forward. And then we have another bucket that just allows us to recycle capital. So we have a lot of flexibility under the existing credit waiver agreement to continue to acquire assets. And if we saw ourselves in a position where there were really truly attractive acquisition opportunities out there, and we needed to get more flexibility, given our longstanding relationship with our bank group, we would have no problem with going back and having a chat with them and getting an amendment to the existing waiver that’s in place today.
Jim Risoleo: I’d like to thank everyone for joining us on our call today. We always appreciate opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you. I look forward to seeing everybody at that NAREIT in November. And as we get back on the road, I look forward to getting some non-deal road shows on the books, in-person meetings, as the economy and the lodging industry continues to open up. So enjoy the rest of the summer, be well and stay healthy. And thank you for your continued support.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, absolutely. I think they certainly can be independent of one another. And frankly, we’re seeing that right now where a lot of the offices they haven’t opened yet, but the folks are actually traveling on business already, whether it’s BT or attending conferences. So we’re certainly seeing that. We are no exception at Host as well. Our offices are opening post Labor Day officially, but we have all been already on the road and going out to conferences. And that’s true of a lot of the financial services companies out there. So I do think there are sort of, not tied to each other and then certainly, we expect that BT momentum to continue. The other thing I’ll point out is a lot of companies out on – a lot of this large accounts, they don’t need the high level approval anymore from their department head or their CEO in some to travel that has been lifted. So travel has become much easier for a lot of these are the top accounts and we are certainly seeing that in the numbers as well. And a lot of these have not actually opened up their offices.
Sourav Ghosh: We’ll look at multiple metrics, frankly, when we are looking at NAV, it’s not just isolated, whether it’s the cap end model or an ILR, it’s multiple metrics. And as you can appreciate right now, Jim pointed out, when you’re in a volatile environment frankly, it’s really a day-to-day exercise depending on what we think the forecast looks like not only for the balance of the year, but really from a long-term perspective. We always try to take a long-term view to see what makes the most sense to determine what our cost of equity would be. But especially in a volatile environment, it’s very difficult to pinpoint any of the – at any given point in time.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. For our entire portfolio, as it stands right now over 80% of our portfolio is paying its hourly employees $15 or greater. And I would say it’s about with less than 9% of our portfolio that’s paying $14 or less, so very small portion of our portfolio is actually below $14.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. I mean, if you recall, we were first expecting that we wouldn’t breakeven until the second half of this year. We’ve obviously broken even much earlier than that. So the expectation assuming the trajectory of the recovery remains same and we see that the positive trends that we have seen thus far for the first half of the year, we will certainly be able to get out of the waiver soon or rather than later. That’s only the expectation. Obviously, we’re not providing guidance, there’s still uncertainty, but if the trajectory goes away, we should be able to get out of it sooner.
