JimRisoleo: Anthony, the way we're thinking about the business today is really quite simple, liquidity is king and we are being very thoughtful about how we're allocating funds for CapEx in 2021. We -- it's something we talk about as a management team all the time. And, if we don't see the situation improve, you can expect to see us cut back. With respect to potential acquisitions, although, from a capital allocation perspective, we have the flexibility to invest in up to $1.5 billion of acquisitions with existing liquidity subject to maintaining $500 million of liquidity. I'll make a couple comments with respect to that. Number one; there aren't many opportunities in the marketplace today. We expect to see investment opportunities the latter part of this year and into next year as special servicers and other lenders resolve issues with their borrowers and in some instances properties are going to come to market. In other instances properties are going to be recapped. But it's the same thought process with respect to buying hotels at this point in time. We have to be comfortable that we're going to have the right amount of liquidity to ride through the crisis.
JimRisoleo: Yes, I want to point out that the number that we discussed was between $100 million and $150 million in permanent cost savings. And we were very careful, Mike, to use the word potential cost savings, because we have to reach agreement with our operators. And it's going to take some time to implement the cost savings on a permanent basis. So, I would tell you that they are very receptive. I think you're going to see and you've already seen it at Hilton, as an example, a meaningful reduction in their corporate headquarters staff. I think you're likely to see it unfortunately, at the other brands as well. And those functions, in many instances relate to the shared services that are above property. And we think that there is a good potential that we are going to be able to achieve these cost savings overtime.
JimRisoleo: Sure, absolutely. Shaun, as we think about it, maybe we were looking at the potential performance in an optimistic way. Because of the forward bookings we saw for the 4th of July weekend in particular, and I'll talk about one market that from our perspective was very meaningful and that is Miami Beach. We have the one hotel South Beach; we opened that property in early June. We saw good forward bookings. And going into the 4th of July weekend, we expected occupancy in the 70% plus range, it didn't materialize because they-- the mayor shut the beaches, shut the bars. As we all know, there was a surge in cases in Florida, and we ended-up running around 20% occupancy. So I think there's good news and bad news and what happened there, but the good news is that there is a lot of pent-up demand and whenever the virus is under control, we fully anticipate that people are going to get back on the road and continue to want to travel and to have a good experience in a luxury property. Obviously, the bad news is, there was a surge in cases and there's nothing we can do about that. I mean, we're all waiting as a nation to get the pandemic under control. And I think everyone's waiting for an effective vaccine or vaccines, or therapeutic to allow people to get back to business. So other markets continue to do well over the 4th of July. As an example, the Ritz -- two Ritz Carlton in Florida, the Ritz Naples and the Ritz Amelia Island, both ran occupancies in the 60s, and achieved ADRs of $600. Those rates were higher than same time last year. So again, we think if we hadn't seen the surge in cases in Florida then we would have done better than we did at those properties. So if I talk about seeing a deceleration, it's really based on our expectations.
JimRisoleo: Sure. I think the message around group was that our total group revenue pays for 2021 is down high single digits for next year over the same period of time last year. And most of the cancellations that have occurred in 2021 have occurred in the first quarter. So the business is hanging in there certainly for the second half of the year. We all hope it's going to show up, we all hope by the end that we are going to have a vaccine and/or therapeutic and we'll continue to see groups want to get back into the hotels and have their meetings. Again, the positive is that our tentative business for 2021 is 30% over the same time last year. So that just goes to prove that there is a lot of pent-up demand. And we are fully confident that the group will recover. We've always said that the way this recovery was going to play out was drive to leisure transient first with business transient second and which group last and I think that's exactly how things are playing out.
JimRisoleo: Sure. I'll take the second question first, Bill. I think it's too soon, really too soon to say what's going to happen to values over the long-term. I mean everybody in the public space is trading at a significant discount to replacement costs today. I think that we are probably less than 50% of replacement class. I mean we put some data on replacement costs in our investor presentation for everyone to see, and it's a very granular analysis that we provided. So some of the assets that are in the market today; at the height of the pandemic or trading a 20% discount to where they were valued at pre-COVID where they revalue February 1st. So I'm confident that that over time as cash flows recover, and as EBITDA recovers, that values for the most part across the country, will get back to pre-COVID levels and improve. I mean there are going to be some markets where-- I think it's going to be more challenging, quite frankly. And those are markets where you're still dealing with supply issues or you're dealing with high cost structures. And those assets might have a bit of a challenge maintaining their value going forward, but for the most part, I think we're going to get back to where we were pre-COVID and grow from there. And I'll just point out the fact that we have a very strong geographically diversified portfolio. So with no more than 11% of our EBITDA coming out of any one market. So we are very well positioned regardless of what happens going forward. And your question with respect to business transit, and whether or not business transit recovers to pre-COVID levels, I think that the technology has been helpful today. We're doing this on an earnings call and a couple different locations. And it's certainly not ideal and I know that we want -- we would all prefer to be in the same place, but we're being careful and thoughtful about safety and health as everyone else is, but I for one, and others are, I think I'm ready to get on the road. I'm done with zoom calls. I mean, we have had, on average 450 zoom video meetings a week at Host for the last six or seven weeks. So, I think it's good that to have zoom today. But we do think that the personal interaction is key notwithstanding that we have looked at what happens if the business transient doesn't come back to pre-COVID-19 levels? And I think a good proxy is we certainly listen to the commentary that the airlines gave, United has a point of view that it's coming back fully, Delta had a point of view that it might be 20% impaired. So, we looked at Delta's case of 20% down and said, what does that mean to us? What would we do with our portfolio, our existing portfolio today, and how could we remix the business and what would the financial impact be so? We looked at really re-mixing that business transient drop of 20% to leisure. And at the end of the day, it has a de minimis impact on EBITDA. The impact really is on the EBITDA margin because of the business transient slice of the businesses, our highest rated piece of business. So we're ready for whatever comes our way with respect to the recovery, and it's good to have the different levers to flex in our portfolio where we can take leisure. We can take more groups and really revenue manages the company on an asset by asset basis on almost a daily basis.
JimRisoleo: Yes, Rich, I think that you're going to see the portfolio likely look like it looks today, with a continued focus on upgrading the overall quality of the assets that we own. It is a - let me step back for a minute and just talk about how we think about the business today. Number one, I've already said it, strong geographic diversification we think is critical. And investment grade balance sheet, we think is critical, two really distinguishing factors. And the best portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels in the industry, which we think we have today. So as we think about building the portfolio out over time, we like -- we talked about this. We like the model that we have with strong geographic diversification, with a business mixture differentiation in the hotel between a combination of leisure transit, business transit and group. So multiple demand generators and strong markets with high barriers to entry and that's how we would think about building the company over the next three to five years.
JimRisoleo: Sure, happy to. I would tell you that short-term rentals right now when I'm talking about Airbnb, in particular, have seen a surge and drive to leisure business. As you know, the same thing that we've talked about people wants to get out, and they have been driving to Airbnb in leisure and drive two leisure markets. Our point of view is as we start recovering, and markets start opening up, the urban markets in particular that are going to be more challenged. We think that the short-term rental business, some of the other platforms that are out there that were out there, I don't quite know what's going on with them, but Lyric and Sander and some of those, as well as Airbnb are going to face serious financial difficulties. And it's difficult enough for hotel owners that have well-heeled equity partners with them to work their way through this pandemic with literally no cash flow or minimal cash flow coming in. I think that issue is compounded by the individual Airbnb owners who have taken on a lot of debt, unfortunately and nowhere to turn, when it comes to servicing that debt. So I think you're going to see in the urban markets in particular, a recalibration of alternatives accommodations.
JimRisoleo: I don't know if I can say large numbers today. But I do think you're going to see a lot of hotels adapted for other uses in markets across the country. I think it's too soon to say, but there are markets that had excess supply coming into this pandemic. And those markets, I think, are going to be fairly challenged coming out. So I would expect that if people again, it's going to be dependent upon the wherewithal of the individual owners and what the dynamic and fundamental looks like on a market-by-market basis with respect to assets that may be taken back by lenders and what those lenders might do with those properties. And when they bring them to market whether the buyers going to continue to operate that particular facility as a hotel or look to an alternative use. So I do think it's a little too soon to say, but we would expect to see this happen across the country.
JimRisoleo: Well, look, I mean, we think that we are in a unique position along with maybe one or two other REITs that are likely to have to issue equity just to delever the balance sheet. So, if we look at where our current leverage ratios are in credit covenants are today or even better go back and look at where we were at 2019. As we came into this year 1.6x leverage and interest coverage at north of 9x. We don't have to get back to 2019 levels to still be in a very strong position from a balance sheet perspective. So I don't see instances as I sit here today where we would have to issue equity to delever the balance sheet. We don't have to get back to 2019 levels to have a really strong balance sheet. We will be open minded around accretive investment opportunities and use our equity to pursue deals that makes sense for us. That will be accretive to our shareholders.
JimRisoleo: Well, I don't know that it necessarily it -- I guess, Chris, what I would take from your question is that brand managed hotels aren't a good thing. That's not the way we view the world. We like the affiliation we have with Marriott and Hyatt; we think they do a fantastic job for us. We like their strength of their loyalty program and the strength of their group sales engines, in particular for some of our bigger hotels. That said I think that there are properties that are more fitting to be managed under a franchise operator model. Those would be the smaller hotels that they don't have a big group component. And I think the cost savings will come whether they're brand manager, whether they're franchise managed.
