Jim Risoleo: At this point in time, we're not seeing any signs of weakness in any business segment. Our group pace is performing exceptionally well. I mean, 2022, we ended up, I think with 3.8 million group room nights at the end of the year which was 84% of 2019 actual. Rate was up 6% in 2019. 2023, we're very encouraged about how group is set up. We have 2.9 million definite room nights on the books that's a 400,000-room night increase since quarter three. That equates to 80% of 2022 actual room nights. At the same time last year, we were at 71%. So we picked up 9 points and the other really encouraging thing is that total group revenue pace is up, I think, 17% to the same time last year. So group is really set up well. And if you go back and look at how we're set up relative to 2019, we're only down 70 basis points in total revenue pace. So the short-term nature of the bookings is expected to continue. And as a result of the solid base that we have on the books, we're encouraged with how group will likely perform this year. So no indication of any slowdown there. I think your other question was related to business transient. We continue to see improvements in BT. I think BT is going to evolve over time. BT room nights were down in quarter 4, I think, about 20% to quarter 4 of 2019, but we saw a pickup in bookings from Q3 about 500 basis points. So business transient revenue was down 18% due to an improvement in rate. Again, bought up from where we were in Q3, so special corporate, the encouraging piece on the business transient side is we expect to see high single-digit rate increases that is going to hold. In January, very strong months for business transient demand. It was the best in the month for-the-month pickup by our top accounts. So no signs of weakness in the business transient front at all. And one thing I would point out, I think Sourav mentioned it in his comments, very encouraging that New York City is only 5% below where it was in 2019. So no signs of weakness. We felt it was prudent to give a range, given the uncertainty on the macroeconomic front that exists today.
Jim Risoleo: Well, we don't expect to get back to 2019 levels of rate or performance at these properties, David. We are very confident that the rate set the hotels are able to charge today for the most part, sustainable. There might be a little bit of a pullback. But we did message when we bought each property what the EBITDA multiple was based on 2019 numbers and what the cap rate was. And I can't tell you how pleased we are with the performance of these properties over the last several years. So we feel very confident that we're going to be able to close to maintain the current rates that we're getting today subject to there being a very severe downturn that's affecting the consumer. We're just not seeing it today.
Jim Risoleo: Chris, I'd say it a little differently. It's easy to buy occupancy in certain markets at certain hotels. We don't think that's the right revenue management strategy. We believe that given the flow-through you get to EBITDA from rate increases relative to occupancy increases, which is about 80% -- 60% for rate, 40% for occupancy that every dollar in rate is worth more money. We continue to see occupancy evolve, but we're going to continue to hold rate at high levels and continue to increase rates. I think we're encouraged, in particular, by group rate that we've been able to achieve that's locked in with definites on the books, up sequentially quarter-over-quarter and for 2023 looking pretty positive for us as well as the growth in business transient rate as well. So the total group revenue pace for 2023 is up 17% at the same time last year and down only 70 basis points to 2019. That's very encouraging to us. So that's the strategy that we intend to employ going forward. And we are in favor as a general statement of cutting rate to buy occupancy.
Jim Risoleo: Sure. As we sit here today, we are in a very strong position. And given the balance sheet that we have, people be well positioned regardless of what happens over the course of the year. As you see from our CapEx guidance this year, we're going to continue to invest in our portfolio. Just a point of reference over the course of 2020 through 2022, we invested $1.5 billion in our assets, which is really a distinguishing factor that sets us apart from other lodging REITs. We're well positioned to outperform going forward, and we will continue to pursue ROI projects such as a complete transformation Fairmont Kea Lani and expansion at the Canyon Suites as the Phoenician and the completion of our repositioning a new tower at the Ritz-Carlton in Naples. So we will continue to look for opportunities to deploy capital in our assets. Those underwrite generally to low to mid cash-on-cash returns, unlevered cash-on-cash returns. So we think that's a very good place to free capital. On the acquisition front, there are a number of properties in the market right now that we are evaluating. I would just say that the bid-ask spread hasn't come to the middle yet. So for the near-term, we're not anticipating, when I say near-term talking about the next 60 to 90 days. I'm not anticipating acquiring any assets that could change. I'll just point out that the Four Seasons Jackson Hole was roughly a 30-day process for us which puts us in a really strong position because we are the only player out there that can really do a meaningful transaction of our cash. As we sit back and look at how the year might evolve a tracking all the CMBS loan maturities for 2023, 2024. We will see if certain owners are in a position where they're going to have to sell the asset, just given the current interest rate environment relative to where the environment was when they put their current debt financing in place and the fact that their asset is likely to need a significant CapEx because they haven't been able to invest over the course of the pandemic. And I think you could see us as the year evolves assuming distress presents itself, investing across markets that are different than markets that we invested in 2021 and 2022.
Jim Risoleo: Well, Jay, I think it's important to really highlight that the assets affected by Hurricane Ian were anticipated to generate $82 million in EBITDA in 2023. We have $11 million in our guidance to the midpoint. So there's a $71 million gap that is purely related to hurricane disruption. We have not assumed any business interruption proceeds hitting our guidance. So if we were to get business interruption proceeds over the course of 2023, that is upside going forward. So we think that is likely to occur later in 2023 and into 2024. But I do want to point out that the $71 million is a significant amount of EBITDA that is going to impact one year. It's just this year because we're very excited about the performance of the Ritz-Carlton for full year 2024. The property will be completely transformed. The new tower will be open. We've added 24 rooms [indiscernible] increased the suite count of that asset and made a number of other enhancements. So one year of disruption from Hurricane Ian has cost us a significant amount for 2023.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, Floris. The one thing I would add is, over the course of 2022, for the second and third quarter call, we were very clear that the margin performance we were seeing was not sustainable. And it wasn't sustainable for a lot of reasons. We were not at optimal staffing levels. We had a number of hotels where full services were not being offered to customers. Restaurants were closed, club lounges were closed, and we feel that the proper comparison for margins is 2019. And in 2019 levels, even down 10 basis points we're only down 57 basis points in margin. And just to reiterate, we have seen a 4.1% inflation in CAGR, a CPI CAGR, and our expenses have only gone up 1.1%. So we actually feel that we're positioned very well. And as Sourav pointed out, every point of occupancy that we get is going to equate to 30 to 40 basis points of margin improvement.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you very much. I would like to thank everyone for joining us on our fourth quarter call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you, and we look forward to meeting with many of you in the coming weeks and months. Thank you for your continued support and have a great day.
Sourav Ghosh: Anthony, so let me start off by saying sort of what I said in my prepared remarks is, the second half of the year for us in our guidance assumes some sort of a slowdown, whether it's at the low-end, which would be a severe slowdown over the high-end, which is a mild slowdown. And our midpoint is effectively a moderate slowdown. The way we are thinking about it when you look at our guidance is the second half. I'll sort of go through each segment. From a group perspective, we are assuming that the second half will only see about half the group room nights pick up in the year, for the year compared to 2022. And as you may recall, 2022 had meaningful in the year for the year pickup. And as I said in my prepared remarks, in the fourth quarter alone, we had 21% more pickup in the quarter for the quarter. So in other words, the anticipation is if there is a slowdown, you would have less in the year for the year pickup. That's on the group side. The rates, obviously, in the group sides are locked in, so that's a positive. On the transient side, we expect that second half to be somewhat flattish. So with leisure rates being slightly up driven by our downturn in convention hotels, but our resorts somewhat flat to maybe slightly down depending on the market. So overall, transient rates and occupancy to be about flattish for the second half. And so when you really think about our guidance for the full year, our occupancy ends up being up a couple of points and rate effectively flattish again, all this is tied to the midpoint. When you think about sort of our margin performance quarter-by-quarter, reality is the distribution of EBITDA that we saw in 2019 is going to be very -- but we are expecting very similar in 2023. So in '19, we had, I think, it was about 27% or so of our EBITDA came from Q1, about $29 million from Q2, 20% in Q3 and 24% from Q4. Very similar sort of cadence is what we are expecting from 2023.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So in terms of group pace some of our larger markets, what's trending really well. And I would say, like effectively what we have on the books for 2023, over 50% are from markets which are San Diego, Orlando, D.C., San Antonio and San Francisco. So whatever we have on the book for 2023, over 50% are from those markets. And when we're looking at sort of citywide data, we are at about 80% of 2019 levels that it relates to citywide and the markets that are above that threshold are Boston, San Antonio, San Diego, Atlanta, Chicago and the ones which are sort of below that threshold are Philadelphia, Seattle and certainly San Francisco and I would say New Orleans.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So I'll start with the second half of your question first. In terms of rates, we feel very good about the rates into Q2 and the rest of the year, what we have on the books. And as Jim mentioned, our group rate is up 6%. We expect business transient rates to be up in the high single digits. In terms of actual demand, it is still very short-term booking. And that goes to my remarks of sort of the short-term pickup that we are expecting. We saw in the fourth quarter, meaningful in the quarter for the quarter pickup that seems to continue. So while we do have a meaningful amount of group on the books, we are still expecting a significant amount of pickup in the first quarter for the first quarter and the same thing in the second quarter. So from a visibility standpoint, I wouldn't say it's incremental, maybe slightly more incremental relative to the fourth quarter. As it relates to our operating model changes, what I do want to point out is we have said the $100 million to $150 million of savings relative to 2019. Those expense savings, we have achieved a bulk of those savings. And frankly, the balance of it is really going to be driven by occupancy coming back. We are still, as Jim mentioned, 10 points off of 2019 from an occupancy perspective. And I would say with every point of occupancy gain, that would equate to roughly 30 to 40 bps of margin gain. So that is pretty meaningful when you think about it. So if we get back to sort of '19 occupancy levels, you're looking at anywhere from 300 to 400 basis points of margin improvement. And one of the things I would like to highlight is when you look at our expenses, specifically to $100 million to $150 million and you compare that really to 2019, our F&B revenues are down for 2023 to the midpoint relative to '19, 1.5%, but our expenses are actually down 2%. So it shows that all the operating model changes and a big piece of it was in food and beverage has made a huge difference. Sales and marketing expense relative to '19 for 2023, again, to the midpoint, we'll be down less than 1%. So again, when you're comparing sort of the margin performance to '19, it really tells the story. And like I said, we'll be only slightly down at the midpoint. And of course, at the higher end of the guidance, we'd actually be above 2019.
Sourav Ghosh: Sorry, I was on mute. Apologies. So I'm assuming you're talking about what if any sort of a pullback we can have if there is a slowdown in the second half. And the reality is, I think we now have a playbook going through COVID as to what would need to happen if there is slow down, and that is really a payoff department by department. So we feel very confident that if there is a slowdown, the changes that we would actually have to make if we are in that situation? And whether that's modifying hours of operations or driving efficiencies in any single department. So we are going to be well prepared for that.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. Robin, on the group side, yes, you're right. It's effectively on the group room nights. We are pacing in sort of the high single digits below 2019. The expectation right now at the midpoint, again, we would get to about around 90% of our group room night levels relative to '19. But of course, remember, like I said, that assumes that we only pick up effectively half the amount of group room nights in the year for the year for the second half.
Sourav Ghosh: Sorry, are you asking historically? If you've seen occupancy go up and margins go down, I think the way to think about it, Floris, as sort of I have said, relative to '19, right? Actually, if we see occupancy go up, we would actually expect margin performance to improve from where the occupancy stands as of today. I think that's where the upside is. The reality is, we don't have visibility into the second half of the year. Therefore, our assumptions are I think, reasonable at this time with the data that we have available right now. And when you look at the top-end of the guidance, actually, the margins are up relative to '19. So it really depends on where things shape up for the second half and what kind of in the year for the year pickup we see in group. And then, you have to remember, business investment sort of non-residential fixed investment, you're looking at only a 70-basis points growth for the year. So what we can expect, it's very difficult to predict at this point for the second half. It's our guidance range is based on the best available data we have today.
