James Risoleo: Anthony, I'm glad you picked up on the fact that we're not interested in large scale portfolio of acquisitions. With respect to the pipeline, there are always transactions, there are always opportunities that present themselves, there are opportunities that we go after - that aren't on the market. So we will continue to look for assets that fit our profile. We will be disciplined in our underwriting criteria and we will be opportunistic in investing going forward. So it's very difficult to talk hypothetically about any deal. But we have a number of assets that are in the pipeline that we're evaluating today and we'll just see if any of those pencil out. I can tell you with respect to the 1 South Beach, we've been working on that deal for two years. So we are very patient and we wait for the right opportunities to come to us.
James Risoleo: Yes, couple things about South Beach, Michael. It's the second best performing - over the last 20 years, second best performing RevPAR market in the country, only following the Florida Keys; Key West in particular in the surrounding islands. So we are very bullish on the Miami Beach market. It's really, you know, there are multiple demand drivers that drive business into that market. For the 1 Hotel in particular, it's a mix of high-rated leisure business and high-rated corporate group. The segmentation is roughly 75% leisure, 25% group. It's a terrific hotel and we would expect the market to continue to exhibit growth. You're right; we were conservative in our underwriting. I pointed out, what the hotel did last year, $45.8 million in EBITDA and we're roughly, call it $46.7 million this year. We were thoughtful about trends. We want to make certain that we put a budget out there that we're very comfortable with and that is achievable if not beatable and we're excited about some other things that are happening in that market. In late 2019, the Convention Center will reopen, which we think is going to serve to drive additional demand into the South Beach market, into our hotel in particular. We're also have underwritten, but haven't included it in our numbers, going to be developing a beach club at the hotel. We have a fantastic beach there. I think it's the best beach on South Beach hands down, 600 foot of white sand beach. So we think putting the beach club there will enhance topline revenues. And additionally, we will go into the property as we do on all of our assets and look for additional ways to enhance topline revenues and to bring efficiencies to the bottom line. Lastly, I would just add that the Super Bowl is being held in Miami in 2020, so we feel confident about how 2020 is going to perform as well. So we have been conservative. We think that's the right way to approach the business today.
James Risoleo: Sure, Smedes. I wouldn't say negotiating for two years, I would say we started our quest of the project two years ago and there were other players that were interested in the hotel, high net worth individuals, family offices, offshore interest primarily from the Middle East. At the end of the day, we distinguish ourselves above and beyond everyone else. And we're delighted to be associated with this hotel and with the 1 brand. So we bring an institutional pedigree to the property and to the 1 brand going forward. So that's all I can say. I cannot give you dynamic on other bidders and their views of the world. I can only talk about how we view it.
James Risoleo: Hang on one second; I'll get the data on that. We don't have it on hand, but my recollection Bill is, it's similar spend to 2019. So think about the RevPAR disruption in around the same way for 2020.
James Risoleo: Hang on, Jeff. Let's see - I don't have the numbers for 2018 in front of me. But I can reiterate that on our 2019 budget for the three Hyatts, we expect to finish 70 basis points up, which equates to a 14% improvement in NOI. And I am happy to get the numbers for you on the Don and performance in 2018. I know that Don has performed really well in 2018. We're well ahead of budget on that of our pro forma and I don't want to quote numbers because I don't have it in front of me, but I know we performed really strong and we had said when we bought the hotel that we anticipated turning that, I think it was 6.5% cap rate into an 8%. And last I looked and I would know we were ahead of our projections. But we'll get you the specific numbers.
James Risoleo: Well, Rich, I think we're not going to comment on hypothetical deals that may or may not be in the market. What I will tell you is that we're going to be opportunistic. And we're going to continue to pursue assets like the Hyatt three pack and like the 1. It's nothing more complicated than that. We'll be opportunistic on the acquisition side and we will be opportunistic as we think about selling hotels. It's a same thing. Nothing is in guidance or additional acquisitions or additional sales, because we don't have anything to talk about. And when we have something to talk about, we'll be glad to share that with you.
James Risoleo: The 1 Hotel is going to be - it's not a franchise fee, it's a management agreement. And it is a market negotiated management agreement with the manager that we're very comfortable with. The answer with respect to, are we willing to consider other hotels in that brand. Again, it depends on pricing. It depends on the opportunity, but I will tell you that Barry Sternlicht has been very successful in the past, creating brands, think W. This is an incredible LEED-certified, mission-driven luxury lifestyle brand, it's inspired by nature, it fits right in with how we think about sustainability and some of the awards we received, the Leader in the Light award from NAREIT and things we've done around corporate responsibility and sustainability. You may know that there are current hotels in Manhattan and Brooklyn, as well as the 1 in South Beach and there are hotels that are expected to open and he has them under control in West Hollywood, Cabo San Lucas, Kauai, Sunnyvale and we would certainly look at most of those with our focus on U.S. centric investments today probably wouldn't be looking Cabo and they have one in the works in Sanya. So it's a real brand and it's going to grow and we're excited about it.
James Risoleo: Good. Hey, Stephen, let me just respond in a little more detail to Bill Crow's question about the MI transformational capital plan because we pulled the number up. Our spend in 2019 though anticipated to be $225 million, in 2020 it's anticipated to be $207 million, so slightly less. Sorry, Stephen.
James Risoleo: Well, I think this was the flagship one, or the one in - two in New York, one in Brooklyn, one in Manhattan and this property it was really the brand. I mean, this is how the - this is where the brand was formed and founded. The property had been the Gansevoort hotels and the Gansevoort had been in financial difficulty over the years and a venture led by Starwood Capital brought the property and they invested $300 million in the asset, which is something that I hadn't pointed out. So it's a brand new hotel. It has no near-term CapEx needs and given the high RevPAR of this asset, the ability of this property to support itself through the FF&E reserve is very strong and highly likely. So in addition to upgrading the overall metrics of our portfolio from a RevPAR - total RevPAR EBITDA per key perspective, this goes a long way to enhancing the free cash flow position of Host.
James Risoleo: Sure, Jim, because obviously - before we commit any capital, we start with a detailed return on investment analysis and we did that with this deal as well. We believe that the IRR unlevered on the Marriott transformational capital program will be in the low to mid-teens. That's how we've looked at it. We think it's a great use of our capital. The properties are clearly going to gain market share. Marriott in cases that they've already completed can see up to 6 points in yield index growth from really transforming and reinventing our hotel. We weren't even that aggressive when we did our IRR analysis, we assume somewhere between 3 points to 5 points on each asset.
James Risoleo: Yes. Patrick, we will continue to be focused on markets that have multiple demand generators, that have high barriers to entry with respect to new supply and just good growth fundamentals all lining up from top to bottom whether it's a favorable labor environment to the support of the local or municipal authorities, and again, high barrier to growth is probably top of the list, because new supply is what can get you.
James Risoleo: Yes, Shaun, we think about deploying capital, obviously, we've talked about it before, but just let me hit the highlights real quick for you. Due to buying assets like the 1, investing in our portfolio like the transformational capital program or buying back stock, right. But it all starts with sources and uses of cash. And as we sat here at the end of the year, we did not buyback any stock. We knew what we had in the works from an acquisition perspective. We knew that we had The Westin Grand Central under contract, but we had no assurance that that deal was going to close. So that's not to say that we won't be buyers of our stock in the future. We did not buy it now, because we wanted to be thoughtful about the balance sheet and where we were going. Michael has anything to add to that.
James Risoleo: It's a process, Thomas. We are moving forward. We have the entitlement. We're moving through the plotting with the City of Phoenix. We continue to be optimistic that that's going to happen, but I don't have anything to discuss right now because we don't have a deal done.
James Risoleo: Robin, let me answer the group question first. Yes, I mean, we do have some issues, as you and anyone that owns hotels in Boston, in particular, with a reduction in citywide so this year. That 1.4% number takes that all into account and consideration. So we don't expect to see slippage in the 1.4% number. If anything, and this is not baked into our forecast for the year, we really liked the way we're positioned this year and in those markets where we might have targeted holes, we believe that given the corporate group that we saw in the fourth quarter and over the course of 2018, that gives us some terrific opportunities to the upside. I might also add that after the third quarter call or on the third quarter call I said, our total group revenue pace was flat. And now, it's up 1.4%. So we feel good about that. And with respect to additional transformational capital projects, there's only so much we can push through the system at any one point in time. And I will just tell you, nobody but Host could do what we're doing. And I applaud our design and construction team, and our asset managers, and others in the organization to manage this process. We will work with our operators, both with Marriott on additional transformational opportunities as well as Hyatt on assets that we feel may need to be repositioned, but we're going to be thoughtful, cautious and judicious as we move forward on the process.
James Risoleo: Well, thank you, everyone for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our fourth quarter results and our 2019 outlook with you. We look forward to talking with you in a few months to discuss our first quarter results as well as providing you with more insight into how 2019 is progressing. Have a great day.
Michael Bluhm: And I think just Rich to add on to that. I think we continue to be incredibly happy with our scale. We're not going to grow for growth sake. As you can see with the 1 Hotel, we can absolutely execute upon our strategic vision and the upgrading of the portfolio through other means, and certainly as we sort of think about where we are in the current environment and being thoughtful about how conservatism and underwriting into this type of environment. I think all this has to sort of play into how we think about acquisitions at any degree of scale, frankly. And of course, again, and I guess one final point will be, right, we want to be incredibly prudent with our balance sheet. Again, at this part of the cycle, I think it's paramount that we're doing that.
Michael Bluhm: Sure. I think, look David, I would say as we think about share repurchases, I put that in the context of all capital allocation decisions whether investing organically in our portfolio through capital reinvestment like we're doing with the transformational projects and the Marriott program or where we're looking externally for opportunities like the 1 Hotel, which I think is fantastic in a lot of ways as Jim's pointed out, and I think hit accretion from fairly just about every metric, whether it's earnings, free cash flow and frankly, I'd even argue on NAV, day one. I think as you know, we do have authorization for a buyback and it is a tool that we will look to. But again it's in the context of all other investment opportunities that we think about and how we're looking out to - the sort of the outlook for 2019 and what we think that's going to bring in terms of both acquisition opportunities as well as value enhancement opportunities.
Michael Bluhm: And I think certainly, importantly diversification continued to be paramount to our overall investment strategy. So if we sort of think about different market, we certainly have a keen eye on making sure that we're not overly weighting to certain markets.
Michael Bluhm: No, I think that's a good point, I mean as I think we all know, we sat here on Wednesday - or sat here in December of last year and the market was pretty volatile, and certainly volatile in one direction. And so as we were sort of looking at things like cash flow, cash that we had coming in throughout the dispositions, acquisitions we were making there was in time where we just need to be incredibly thoughtful about balance sheet preservation.
