W. Edward Walter: I guess let's start by answering the question whether our guidance has taken into account the renovation work that we have going on this year. And the short answer is we have. We certainly think we've -- it's always tricky to try to calculate exactly what the disruption from these sorts of projects is going to be. And frankly, we were a little surprised by the level of disruption that we experienced in the fourth quarter and we feel like that probably cut our RevPAR growth in Q4 of 2010 by 1 to 1.5. As we think about it more though in the context of 2011, we've done the best job that we could to anticipate what the impact would be. I think that some of the spending is a little bit more concentrated this year in some of our larger hotels, but we hopefully have it occurring during times of the year where it would be less impactful.
W. Edward Walter: I guess what I'd say is it may end up being as impactful in terms of it being a point versus impact in 2011. But we've recognized that as the guidance that we've given.
W. Edward Walter: I think the answer is that the properties that we bought this year, the four properties that we've acquired, are generally operating at higher RevPAR levels than the overall portfolio. So that's the reason why you're seeing the difference in the number. They are just propelling our average RevPAR for the portfolio higher.
W. Edward Walter: I'd say we're still in the process of developing that. One of the -- the original tower in the hotel, which was built in 1992, is in need of a significant renovation. I think what we're looking at doing there is doing both the rooms and probably renovating the bathroom. The other tower, which was completed in 2003, is not surprisingly in much better physical condition, and so I don't think we need to do anywhere near as comprehensive a renovation in that particular tower. But yes, we would expect, and our analysis on the deal assumes that we'll have to spend some amounts incremental to the amount that would be in the FF and e-reserve. But it's certainly nowhere near like the type of plan that we have for the Helmsley, where we really intend to reinvent the hotel as part of the conversion to the Westin brand.
W. Edward Walter: Shaun, to be honest, as it relates to the Helmsley, it's just not a meaningful comparison, because the hotel during the last cycle was really not run as effectively as it has been in the past. And so I think that's -- part of the reason why we threw out the number that we threw out in my comments is that it really -- to get a better indication of what we think is the potential of the hotel, you really do need to look forward under a new management and under a more powerful brand as opposed to backwards under the Helmsley brand.
W. Edward Walter: Well, I guess what I'd say is, first off, I don't think we're going to start a precedent right now necessarily detailing our entire sources and uses for the company on an earnings call. But I guess Larry made some comments relative to what our cash position would be after acquiring the three different properties. Until after we've acquired the assets in New Zealand, the Helmsley and the San Diego Hyatt, we will still have more than $200 million left of the cash that we started the quarter with, as well as we'll have pretty full access to our credit facility. As we look down the road, I think you should assume that we're going to be consistent with what we've said in the past, which is that we're going to continue to look to fund a significant portion of our acquisitions through the issuance of equity. And I'm not going to have us get pinned down necessarily in how we're going to go about doing that, but we have found that the continuous equity offering plan has been a very cost efficient way to do that. The actual amount of equity that we might issue and the actual amount of debt that we will issue will obviously be dependent on just how active our pipeline will become.
W. Edward Walter: I have to admit, you weren't coming through as clearly as I would have liked, so I'm not certain that I caught all of that. I guess, the first thing as it relates to San Diego Hyatt, it relates to the color around the transaction there. We have probably looked at this hotel off and on for probably the last three or four years. The price that we've ended up acquiring it for is the lowest price that I think we've ever evaluated the hotel, certainly the lowest price that we've seen in the last several years. And certainly there were others that have made progress on transactions, but ultimately did not close. I think that there was a pretty active -- despite the size of the transaction, I think it was intriguing that there were a fair amount of people that were interested in buying the hotel, because I think they, like us, recognized that it was a great asset and a great location in a great market. We see San Diego as one of the great markets of the country going forward. I think they also recognized that at this price, you're probably buying it at more than the 20% discount to what it would cost to replace the asset. So I think there, we were ultimately very happy with the acquisition that we were able to complete. I will tell you that if you watched what happen with the hotel over the course of the year, we did find that while the San Diego market, like several others, had a little bit of a blip in the summer, especially beginning part of the summer and perhaps at one point had fallen short of some of its initial projections and initial hopes, the reality is that the asset rallied strongly over the course of the fourth quarter. And so we were pleasantly surprised to see the numbers for the full year coming in better than we what we had originally looked at when we first started to look at the asset. As it relates to our focus on types of assets, I think generally the way we look at the world is that we're probably looking primarily at upper upscale assets and luxury assets in Europe and in the U.S. We're also interested in upper upscale assets in some of the Asian markets, but we see a greater opportunity, in general, to look at more mid-market products in the broad Asia Pacific region, which is one of the reasons why you're seeing our New Zealand acquisition be primarily focused in sort of the upscale and mid-scale price points. In general, we feel that the bulk of the demand growth that we're going to see throughout Asia will probably be more in those price points than necessarily in the higher price points. And as a result, that's one of the reasons why the New Zealand acquisition is targeted in the way that it is. I think you did ask as it relates to the New Zealand acquisition whether or not that was going to be in the JV or whether that was going to be a consolidated asset, and this will be a consolidated asset for us. This is not going into the JV.
W. Edward Walter: Bill, I think on maintenance CapEx, we're looking at that being about, I think it was $260 million to $280 million for this year. I would say that as it relates to pressure from the brand, it is logical that as we work our way back through the recovery, that the brands will be tougher about maintaining brand standards at hotels. I don't foresee that to be a huge issue for us simply because we've continued to maintain our hotels throughout the entire down cycle. And while there will be occasional places where we may find that we need to invest more perhaps because we postponed some investments over the last couple of years, I don't see that as a huge concern for us.
W. Edward Walter: Bill, I think the short answer to that question is yes. Liquidity, the part of the reason why we maintained higher amounts of cash before was in part because liquidity has become so uncertain in our industry that you just couldn't have the confidence that you could access the debt market to the extent that you need it to raise capital. And frankly, at some points in time over the course of the downturn, I had some concerns about whether or not -- you just didn't know when it was going to stop falling, and so you couldn't necessarily rely on your credit facility without running the risk of potentially seeing a covenant to fall. Our world right now is a lot different. I mean, the access to capital is quite good, especially for a company like Host. Senior notes market is certainly an easy source of capital for us as we look to access additional debt capital. And our credit facility, as Larry detailed, has another -- we should easily qualify for the extension to take us into 2012. And I think our sense is that while pricing might turn out to be a bit more expensive than the deal we negotiated back in '06 or '07, which where we had inside 100 basis points in terms of our cost of funds on the credit facility, we'll still be able to negotiate a new credit facility going forward. So when you take all of that into play and look at the general significant improvement in the liquidity situation, for us to have $200 million of capital available or $200 million of cash available is more than enough.
W. Edward Walter: Certainly we like New York as a market. And so I could see that that would be an asset we'd at least spend some time on. I would tell you in general that with the acquisitions that we've completed in New York at this point in time, we feel fairly good about our overall level of representation in that market. And certainly, as it relates to the broad submarket that includes the Barclays, we now have the Helmsley and we have the W on Lexington. So I would say that it's something we would take a look at, but not a huge priority.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, Jeff, it depends on the individual operator. The discussion points on these sort of issues start with key money, but they also go to contract terms. That can either be structure of the fees. In some cases, you may look for a ramp up of fees. It obviously can go to where the priority would be above what you might be paying incentive management fees. And then the other issue is the term of the agreement and the ability to terminate that agreement in connection with the sale or convert it to a franchise. So there are a variety of different ways to address the value of the management contract to the value of the management contribution with the deal. I will tell you that while we're always interested in key money, we probably put a greater focus on attractive contract terms, because we tend to view that as a better contributor to overall value in the long run.
W. Edward Walter: I think that as that deal worked its way through the various twists and turns in the last 12 months, I'm sure that there are a variety of different structures that were being considered by the Manchester Group and by others that they might have been negotiating with. Ours is relatively straightforward from the standpoint that we bought the asset and we own 100% of the asset. There is no residual interest in the property or in the transaction for Manchester. The structure of our consideration does include some level, relatively small level of common and preferred operating partnership units which are a part of just some tax structuring that the Manchester Group is doing, but it doesn't involve any continued ownership of the asset. So it ultimately, in our case, came out as a fairly straightforward transaction.
W. Edward Walter: We think that there are some opportunities to find efficiencies in owning the Hyatt and the Marriott next to each other. I think some of it -- there are probably scenarios where by soliciting vendors and kind of presenting that opportunity to very efficiently serve two large hotels. I mean, when we put these two hotels together, we're looking at 3,000 rooms. There should be some abilities to attract some better pricing. I think that in some ways where we see the bigger opportunity will come on the revenue side, not dissimilar from what we've been able to work out in Boston, where we own both the Marriott and the Sheraton at the Hyatt Center, that sort of brackets the Hyatt Center. We have found that once you have common ownership, they're still going to run themselves, they're still going to market themselves independently because they're run by different operators. The reality is that putting an umbrella of common ownership over two large great hotels like this will allow them to better coordinate some of their activities. And so I think what we'll get out of that is both we'll have that ability to compete. Again, with 3,000 rooms, we can compete with anybody, including Vegas. So we'll have that ability to compete for business in maybe a more direct manner than we had in the past. And I also think what you just get is a higher level of cooperation between the hotels as they're dealing with an opportunity with a group in either side. There's probably a little bit more of a willingness to share that, recognizing that ultimately that it's a common owner that's going to benefit from it. I think it was one of the unique opportunities that this asset presented to us. Because as I said before, we really like the market and we think we significantly strengthened our position in that market.
W. Edward Walter: Certainly, I think some of those markets that you just referenced are markets where we do not feel that we necessarily need to continue to own those assets forever. I mean, we talked a bit about the fact that we're tending to focus our portfolio a bit more on the Coast than in Chicago. Atlanta is a market that we have had a significant representation in for a number of years, and we've generally been trying to reduce our representation there. I probably would put San Antonio in that same category. So the short answer is I think you're right. We're not in a rush to sell those hotels. What we'd be looking to do is to try to time it in a way where we thought we were getting appropriate price and appropriate value for, in each case, assets that are in great physical condition or are well known within their marketplace.
W. Edward Walter: Well, thank you, everybody. We appreciate you having on the call to discuss the end of last year and the beginning of 2011. We are optimistic about what this year holds for us. We look forward to speaking with you in our first quarter call at the end of April to update you on how the year is going. Thanks, everybody.
