James F. Risoleo: It's a good question, Anthony. I think that we're very, very pleased with the book of business we're seeing from the leisure traveler. So long as consumer confidence remains strong, and unemployment remains low, and people feel good about their wallet and their balance sheet, we expect to see the leisure traveler continuing to spend money. We see no slowdown. If anything, we're seeing acceleration. So, we like nothing better than to see the business traveler return and put us in a better position to yield rates in an even more aggressive manner at the hotel.
James F. Risoleo: Shaun, that's a really good question. I think that we are very comfortable with the geographic diversity that we have in the portfolio today. I've mentioned in the past that we're very open-minded to looking beyond the top 10 to 12 markets that we had invested in, and in fact, while the Phoenician in and of itself is non-comp right now because of a renovation plan that we have ongoing, that asset is in Phoenix, that is a good example of the type of property that we'll be looking for, a large asset with scale, and an asset where we can add a lot of value. So I don't think that you will see us exiting those markets for the sake of exiting them. I think I'd go back to the comments that I made earlier. If we have a non-core hotel that is situated in a market that's under – that is likely to under-perform the rest of the portfolio over time, and is in need of a lot of capital outside of the reserve, those are the types of assets that we'll continue to prune.
James F. Risoleo: Hey, Rich. You know San Francisco might be the best example of what you just described. In total, all right our RevPAR declined 2.8% compared to the STR data, which is down 5%, 6%, obviously great out-performance. But when you look at our big hotels, the Moscone Center, it was down about 2.8%, so similar performance as some of our more, I guess, suburban properties around San Francisco. Yeah, I think, the one thing that really helped us in San Francisco is that our revenue manager, our asset managers, and our manager, we identify this quarter and this year as being, obviously it was going to be a weak year in San Francisco. And so because of that, they really focused on booking in-house Group business, which really, I think, helped us in the quarter. They also booked some, what I would say, high rated contract business, which also helps us out in the quarter. So with the benefit of hindsight, sitting here today, I think that was a great strategy and really helped our results. In fact, frankly, if you look at, sort of the branded hotels in the area around the San Francisco, Moscone property, frankly, most of those hotels were down double-digits in RevPAR.
James F. Risoleo: And Rich, I'll give you just a little bit of color on Washington, D.C., looking at suburban versus CBD hotels. So we continue to be very focused on driving performance at every property in the portfolio, and a good example of that, I think, is the Westfield's Marriott, which is not in the central core of Washington, D.C., but we had strong in-house Group performance in that property in particular. And our RevPAR for that hotel exceeded our previous forecast, as once we had the Group on the books, we were able to yield a stronger Transient business in the property, as well. <: That's great color, guys. Thank you.
James F. Risoleo: That's correct, Thomas. The undisclosed disposition that we referenced in the press release and our remarks, will have an effect – a negative effect of about $2.5 million, roughly, for the balance of the year.
James F. Risoleo: No, we did not, Thomas. Actually, we had a pretty good June. I'm not going to give you specific RevPAR numbers, but we're really comfortable with how June performed.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah, July, and look, obviously we're still in July, but so far July has been pretty decent as well, compared to our internal forecast.
James F. Risoleo: Well, I don't think it's necessarily a cost of capital difference, Michael. I think that as we're looking at investment opportunities today, I think, first and foremost, we don't think it's time to be a buyer of any commodity type of asset, so we are focused at this point in the cycle, on unique hotels that I would categorize as iconic and would fall into that section of the assets that we own today. We are taking into consideration the growth environment that we're operating in as we're underwriting hotels, and as we've talked before, we take into account a full 10 year capital plan, and look to solve for an un-leveraged IRR on a 10 year basis that is at least 100 basis points in excess of our cost of capital, if not higher, depending on the facts and circumstances of the particular deal. So we have not – I wouldn't say that we're wildly off underwriting expectations, pricing the expectations of buyers today, but I would say that given the attractiveness of the debt markets, and the availability of debt capital, both from a pricing perspective and proceeds perspective, there has to be a real reason for an owner of an asset to want to sell today. So they become indifferent to a refinancing unless they can really achieve a valuation that excites them. And I think that is what's happening in the markets today.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah. I would – I would – you know, 2018 specifically, Michael, we are ahead of Group pace in 2018, relative to where we were this time last year for 2017. So we feel pretty good about what's happening with Group in 2018, as we look at the numbers today.
James F. Risoleo: Boy, I'd say, if anything, Ryan, I've come to appreciate better what a great company Host is. When I sit back and look at the attributes of Host Hotels & Resorts, and I look at the geographically diverse portfolio that we have, which I think is unmatched by anyone else in the industry, the scale that we have, the access to information, and the ability to utilize that information to be effective on asset management, and effective on the acquisition side, and then the balance sheet that we have never been in better shape. I'm really excited about where we sit, and I think that the results that we had for this quarter, and the fact that we were able to beat consensus and raise estimates is a testament to everything that I just referred to in many ways. So, no surprises. Excitement, and looking at ways to move the company forward as we think about where we are in the cycle, and what the next leg might be.
James F. Risoleo: Well, you know, it's difficult to answer that question in a vacuum because it's so dependent upon what happens in the economy, and whether or not we see a re-acceleration of economic growth depending on what comes out of Washington, and general economic trends. So the thought that I have is, I want to make certain that Host is the best performing REIT in the space. And the actions we take will be with an eye towards increasing our performance, increasing our margin performance, and out-performing as we look to the future.
James F. Risoleo: You know, Chris, I'm going to be careful with how I answer this question, because we've been in close communication with Hyatt, and as you might imagine, we are among the many owners in the industry that advocate for lower distribution costs. And I feel that over time Hyatt's strategy will achieve this result for us, and really that's about all I want to say on this subject.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah. So, I mean, Chris, as you mentioned, I mean, obviously we've been very pleased with our non-comp and our comp results so far this year. In fact, if you look at year-to-date, our non-comp is up north of 13% in RevPAR growth. So I would expect when I look at the non-comp assets that are in the group, Denver Tech, the Hyatt in San Francisco, which is actually up over 20% in the quarter in RevPAR, you know the Marriott Marquis in San Diego, Axiom, and our two new acquisitions, The Don and W; I would expect all those hotels to continue to have decent results in the second half of this year. As far as which assets will fall out? I think, the Marriott Marquis, I think becomes comp next year. But – and I know the Axiom becomes comp next year. Beyond that, really what we always try to do is have a full year sort of what we would consider normalized results, before we put it into comp. So, it's hard for me, sitting her today, knowing fairly exactly what will be non-comp next year.
James F. Risoleo: Smedes, I think you are starting to see some interest in New York. There's a lot of noise in background here. The city has undertaken an initiative with respect to Midtown East rezoning, which will likely be approved and signed into law in – later in August through September of this year. I think that that could potentially open up opportunities for re-purposing of certain hotels today to office/residential. So, we – as you know, we have a number of properties in Midtown, we're looking at a number of the assets. We've had conversations with different prospective purchasers. I would not say today that we're close to a deal, but it is something that's at the top of our list.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah, Bill, I think, that, you know, when we look at our sort of Starwood legacy hotels and look at the contract that they had versus Marriott. You know, I think, once those contracts are fully negotiated, you know, my guess is, we save a point or two points, which is, you know, obviously material. I mean, the other – so the – but the other thing that we're hoping for obviously, Marriott as a larger company going forward, I mean, I'm speculating now, but I'm hoping as a bigger company, they have more leverage in the future on negotiations as well.
James F. Risoleo: Great question, Bill. I would say with respect to inbound international travel, it's probably neutral to up a bit. We are happy from our perspective to see the dollar weaken a bit because we do think we'll see more inbound travelers. With respect to Europe generally, as you know, Europe contributes roughly 2.5% of our EBITDA on an annual basis, and we are invested through a joint venture with two really terrific partners, the Government of Singapore, and APG, and it's been a great relationship. We've been in the Euro JV since 2006. That said, we are evaluating the way forward in Europe, and a couple things can cause one to stop and think, well, cost of capital in Europe is – appears to be much more aggressive than it is in the U.S. So, frankly, it makes it more difficult for us to compete. And we start with that premise, and we'll take it from there.
James F. Risoleo: Jeff, I would – I would agree with the latter comment that you made. I think that as we look at city-wide events in San Francisco for 2018, it is not as strong as 2017 or 2016. We really start to see Group room nights come back on the books in 2019. 2019 is the year when we're likely to see performance levels in total Group room nights of 2016.
James F. Risoleo: Jeff, to answer your first question is it sustainable? We're working really hard at making it sustainable. As we mentioned, we have completed time and motion studies at a number of the hotels in the portfolio. We're continuing to roll those studies out throughout the portfolio to improve productivity and improve margin on a regular basis. So Greg also mentioned that when he talked about other avenues that we're taking along with our managers to enhance productivity like how you schedule housekeeping rooms and the Green Choice. I mean, we're looking for continuous and working with our managers to find new initiatives that's going to allow us to be more productive in our hotels and keep costs down. Answering your question regarding the impact of the Marriott Starwood merger going forward, I don't think that your assumption is unreasonable at all. Over the next two years to three years as the companies are fully integrated we will likely see benefits top line as well once the rewards programs are fully integrated, hopefully by the end of 2018. So when I look at margin performance I think it's difficult in many ways to separate margin performance from RevPAR performance. So all in all we feel really good about what's happening with the Marriott Starwood integration and the fact that the Marriott is managing 81% of our rooms.
James F. Risoleo: Well, I'm not certain that – Robin, I don't think I said that the other bidders had a lower cost of capital. I think, we're very comfortable with our cost of capital, and that puts us in a position to compete, to create accretive value over time, and we underwrite for that perspective. So, they were not portfolios, they were single asset deals, and we spent a lot of time in one in particular, we were very close on it, and frankly, as I mentioned earlier in a response to, I think, a question that Michael raised, when a buyer can go out and borrow at very attractive rates – I'm sorry, in order to go out and borrow very attractive rates or high proceeds levels, yes, they change their mind. And they decide they want to own the asset, I think for many of the same reasons that we continue to be cautiously optimistic about where we're going.
James F. Risoleo: Well, thank you for joining us on the call today. As I said earlier, we are pleased with our solid results, earnings fee, and 2017 guidance range across the board. We look forward to providing you with more insight into the remainder of 2017 on our third quarter call this fall. Have a great day, and enjoy the rest of your summer.
Gregory J. Larson: Yes. I think – look, we're benefiting, obviously, from quite a few of the things I mentioned this year, the time motion study, the energy ROI project, the Green Choice program, et cetera, but I think the benefit that will accrue to us from the Starwood-Marriott merger, really that's going to happen later. Either late this year, or really into 2018 and 2019 as well.
Gregory J. Larson: Hey, Rich. This is Greg. Hey, look, I clearly agree with almost everything you just said there. Clearly we are, as we mentioned in Jim's comments, impacted in a positive way because of the Inauguration and the Women's March in the first half of the year, and my comments – as I mentioned in my comments, Brazil, even though we only own two small hotels and the JW down in Brazil, those three hotels will impact our RevPAR by 100 basis points just in the third quarter. So there is some noise, as we've all talked about. I think the other thing I would add that sort of impacts first half, second half, is we have two hotels that just became comped this year, the Camby hotel and the Logan hotel, and those two hotels are really ramping up in a meaningful way this year. Clearly had strong RevPAR growth year-to-date. Those hotels are going to perform more in line with our portfolio on the second half of the year. So that's one additional item that sort of skews first half, versus second half. But, Rich, as you know, we don't give third quarter guidance here, I do try to help you out by telling you how much EBITDA, but look, I think, when I look at the shift of the Jewish holiday, and think about, you know, 100 basis point impact from Brazil, we should think that clearly, for us, I think RevPAR is going to be negative in the third quarter. And then as Jim mentioned, it rebounds in a strong manner in the fourth quarter.
Gregory J. Larson: Well, it depends on how you define all future periods. When we look from bookings sort of in the quarter, or for this year, but for 2018, 2019, and beyond, the bookings were actually stronger. Bookings in the year, for the year, as we expected, and as we talked about last quarter, were as expected, a little bit weaker.
Gregory J. Larson: Hey, Patrick. As you probably already know, since you're a specialist on forecasting future RevPAR, you know November...
Gregory J. Larson: You know, I think November, surprisingly, even though it's a difficult time, November looks pretty decent right now. And, as Jim said in his prepared remarks, we expect a real rebound in the fourth quarter. Now having said that, we think it's probably, it's a decent quarter, but it's probably our second best quarter of the year.
Gregory J. Larson: I mean, Pat, it's a great question. If you remember, you know, November of last year was really the first year that we, and I think the industry in total, actually we all feed our internal forecast after experiencing about a year, a year and a half of always sort of coming up short on internal forecast, November was a very strong month. December was a strong month, and obviously for us, the first quarter and strong quarter were both strong months, and first quarter is strong quarter, and second quarter is strong as well. So, it's a good question. Look, all I know, I don't know if I have a specific answer, but what I can tell when I look at our group booking pace in the second quarter, especially in November and December, looks real decent sitting here today.
Gregory J. Larson: Hey, Robin. This is Greg. Yeah, I think that you're generally right that our increase in – if you look at the midpoint of our RevPAR guidance increasing nearly 38 basis points, it's primarily because of the success that we've had in the both the first and second quarter beating our internal forecast. And I think we pretty much sitting here today have a similar outlook for the second half of the year.
