W. Edward Walter: I think it sort of breaks into two categories. The first is where the redevelopment, the conversions of properties such as what we’re doing in San Francisco and what we intend to do at the Philadelphia Four Seasons and hopefully with a couple of other hotels, with those I think it really – we see such an opportunity to improve the cash flow from those assets that the timing simply was driven as much from the acquisition or in the case of the Marriott Hall it was when we were able to get the approvals to start the ballroom. In the case of Philadelphia it was both resolving contractual issues with the Four Seasons originally and then ultimately having the opportunity to have flexibility to change the brand and change the hotel. I think in those cases to some degree I look at those similar to an acquisition that the timing was right, the opportunity was great, and so we moved forward with those as expeditiously as possible. We do take into account with those – we try to look at what’s the best timing in the year to commence the renovations. One of the reasons why – the timing in Philadelphia is to close in June is to take advantage of the spring season including the May wedding season and then we will roll into the renovation with the goal being done for the fall.  In the case of the San Diego ballroom, we’ve actually had the approval to build that ballroom for quite some time now but we made a conscious decision to really plan far out in advance for when we would demolish the original ballroom and start to build the new one to give the hotel the ability to plan as much as possible around that timing and most importantly, from our perspective, to complete the renovations to the Hyatt meeting space next door so we were in a position where if we had in effect surplus rooms at the Marriott that they could take advantage of some of the meeting space that the Hyatt and have the two properties work together.  With respect to the overall large cap ex hit that we generally described, I think some of that is a little bit it’s just this is the right time for each of those assets to pursue those renovations. You heard a lot of them start in the fourth quarter carry into the first quarter, that’s all about trying to do these renovations at the point in time where they will least affect business. But the good news about our portfolio and our business right now is we’re 77% occupancy on a full year basis. The bad news is when you’re that full unfortunately any kind of renovation work that you’re going to do is going to hurt you because you’re business is that strong. We were aggressive back in ’10 and ’11 about accelerating renovations at a point in time when we thought they would be less impactful from a business interruption standpoint and so you’ll remember we talked about increasing our spending then. We’re trying to be as thoughtful as we can about what’s happening right now. It is the right time to do these things, but unfortunately we are paying a price in terms of business interruption.
W. Edward Walter: It certainly does and we’ve referenced the fact that we have probably about 40% of our portfolio by number has some sort of contract flexibility. The bulk of that flexibility exists in assets that we have would generally be on, not necessarily specifically on sale lists today, but certainly covers most of the assets that we are targeting for sale. We have a lot more opportunity on that front.
W. Edward Walter: Let me answer the second question first. We are certainly concerned about the impact of the stronger dollar on international travel. Clearly, international travel has been a driver in what we view as stronger than anticipated demand growth over the course of this cycle so that I think that is something to be watching. So far, we have not seen an impact from that in New York. Some of that I would say we consciously sought out international business because we were trying to replace the hole that existed at those hotels from having had had the Super Bowl there the prior year, knowing that that was not going to repeat and there was also, I’m not remembering which one it was, but there was a fairly large group event too that was in town in January or early February of last year that also was not repeating. So, we had sought out additional international business and we were able to get that extra international business primarily through foreign travel. What we’re hearing so far from the properties is that their international business has continued to be maintained strong. I think we’ll have to watch that as the year progresses because a lot of these sorts of international trips are planned way in advance so we’ll have to see if that situation remains the same as we work our way into the spring. DC is frankly, less affected by international travel. We’re actually part of a group in DC that’s working to try to encourage incremental travel to DC from international locations and so I don’t think we’ve noticed anything in Washington that would suggest that had softened at all.  With respect to the two markets, you’re right the supply especially, in New York, I don’t know that we’re worried in the next two years about supply in DC, but supply in New York continues to be strong. It has continued to generate good demand growth. Obviously, we talked a little bit about it already on the international side and the market has generally absorbed the new supply, but where the problems have come about is we haven’t been able to drive rate. Looking at the numbers, I’d have to say that looking at the next couple of years I do think that’s going to continue to be a challenge in New York. I think New York from a capital perspective though continues to rank very highly as a place for both domestic and international investors to invest and so that has allowed cap rates in New York to remain low and we frankly don’t see that that situation is likely to change in the near term. So the value of the assets feel good to us but we would certainly like to see additional growth there. DC on the other hand, I think DC’s strength this year will be more dictated probably in the short term, by how active the calendar is on the Hill and whether or not there’s a fair amount of legislative and lobbying activity. As we get into next year the conventions business in DC finally starts to improve in a material way. We would be expecting better results in 2016 from DC. 
W. Edward Walter: I think you should assume that we’re going to try to do more of these types of projects. The one that we referenced that is premature to announce would be somewhat similar in approach and I think as we look at how we would like to invest we would look at both opportunities in the portfolio where we have flexibility to convert to this type of approach, or certainly to acquire new assets that are either independent or soft branded already, or have the potential to be that.
W. Edward Walter: As it relates to New York I’d say we certainly each year go through the portfolio and think about what the best strategy is for each individual asset and we certainly doing that on an ongoing basis, looking at our assets in New York to determine if now would be a good time to sell them. The number of cases in our New York assets, we have different elements of them that we’re working on where we think we can enhance value. There also are some things happening within the city with respect to rezoning opportunities which can potentially be beneficially value to the hotels too.  I think we like the exposure that we have in New York although we obviously wish that the performance was a little bit stronger. As I said, we are comfortable on the valuation side. I wouldn’t say that we’re necessarily looking at those values saying, “Now, is the right time to sell those assets,” but that’s an ongoing conversation within the company and we’ll continue to look at that opportunity.  As it relates to the management fee side, I would say that we were able to, on several assets, negotiate as part of broader considerations whether it was extension of an agreement, whether it was part of a capital plan, and a desire on the part of the operator to have us invest and on our part to invest more in the asset or other circumstances to meaningful reduce our incentive management fees in 2014. Now, as we go through 2015 we still retain the benefit of those negotiations. We’ve effectively reset our incentive management fees at a lower level as a result of those negotiations.  We’ll get the benefit of that in ’15 but in ’15 we are returning to a more normal growth rate and incentive management fees based on the growth rate in EBITDA in the hotels. I would say that there are probably going to be opportunities to do this. I don’t know that I can see on any the horizon immediately but part of the benefit of having a broad portfolio and broad relationships with operators is that overtime these sorts of opportunities present themselves and when we’re there we try to take advantage of them.
W. Edward Walter: I think that’s a fair question and to be honest, we are doing that with some hotels. As we’re thinking through the capital plan for hotels, we’re going to be thoughtful about which of the renovations it makes sense to do now and which of the renovations that we should try to postpone. To some degree, the existing condition of the hotel drives part of that answer. If we feel that we are not benefitting fully from the market in our current condition, given the fact that we remain confident about the outlook for the lodging cycle for the next two years, this isn’t sort of the decision where you’re sitting here saying, “Well, don’t do it in ’15 because you can do it in ’16 or do it in ’17,” because we’re not looking at the outlook thinking that there’s going to be some drop off in that time period. The postponement decision is more than just a year or so. In some cases too, like with what we’re doing in Washington, the reality is that we knew group bookings were not as strong in ’15 as they were going to be in ’16 so this was the right time to go ahead and do the room renovations at the JW Marriott and to tear up the lobby and transform the lobby at the Grand Hyatt. It is going to hurt us, it hurt us in the fourth quarter, it will hurt us in the first quarter, but as we get into the second half of this year and as we get into next year in DC, we’re going to have fully renovated hotels that are going to be, I think, doing quite well in what will be a stronger market. 
W. Edward Walter: I would say we are going to continue to look at opportunities to switch from – what we’re trying to do across the board here is match the right operator and the right brand with the right hotel. So, with large hotels we continue to be comfortable that the major brand operators are the best solutions for those type of hotels. They have the best marketing platform, the best sales platform to drive large groups into our larger hotels.  As we look at some of our smaller hotels we’re not always convinced that they’re the best solution and so that’s why in Denver we made the solution to convert to a Marriott franchise and brought in Sage Hospitality which is a very strong operator based in Denver, knows the market extremely well to run that hotel. We have some flexibility through the portfolio to take similar type steps. I wouldn’t say that we’re talking about dozens of opportunities like that, but we have, I would say, it’s probably somewhere in the five to 10 hotel opportunities to do things like this in the next three to five years. We’ll continue to look at those opportunities as to whether or not that’s the best solution for that individual hotel. Depending upon what we chose to do in connection with that conversion, there may be a renovation that’s timed with that. In some cases the renovation is a good way to sort of announce the arrival of a new operator and new approach to the hotel. But I don’t know that in the grand scheme of things that’s going to radically cause a big change in our overall cap ex program.
W. Edward Walter: I don’t know that right off the top of our head we have a Calgary or Houston number although, intriguingly the additional disclosures we provided will give you some insight into that. I think it’s probably about 4% to 5% would probably be roughly what we get from there. We have seen in those markets some general weakness, but I’ve got to be honest, with the level of capital that we’ve been – the fact that we’ve had room renovations going on at those hotels and both of those room renovations have involved bathroom renovations, which as I described in my comments, are just more impactful and more time consuming, the bulk of what we have seen in terms of weak operating results we are attributing to the renovation disruption. 
W. Edward Walter: I think the sense that we have from talking to the GMs there is that there is – it has gotten weaker, there is some reduction in corporate level activity. It doesn’t feel like the bottom is dropping out of the market by any means, but Houston has had an incredible run over the last four or five years. It’s really been one of our strongest markets in terms of performance. It will not be one of those this year. 
W. Edward Walter: Well, that’s a great question. I think I would say the net debt to EBITDA number that you quoted is where things would happen were we not to do anything because certainly our net debt to EBITDA is nowhere near that level right now, I think it’s more around 2.5 times which is a level that we’re certainly very comfortable at. As you’ve seen us do, we’ve increased the dividend pretty materially over the course of 2014. As we generate cash flow from operations, as we generate cash from sales, I’d say I think our answer to this is going to be consistent to what we said in the past which is the first thing we’d like to do is invest that either in our existing assets, as you can tell from everything we’ve talked about today whether in our comments or our press release, there’s a fair amount of that happening already.  We’re putting a lot of capital to work and we’re putting it to work in areas that we think will frankly drive better performance than what we would expect to get out of an acquisition. But in addition to doing those types of investments, we would like to acquire additional assets. You could say we’ve sat out the dance and I would say to some degree we’re trying to be thoughtful about underwriting and recognize that cycles do come to an end and take that into account in our underwriting and I think some of the folks that we’re competing with may have a slightly different perspective about how to approach that.  The bottom line is that we certainly feel good about our overall portfolio and are only looking for opportunities to enhance it as opposed to being worried about just getting bigger. As we generate those extra proceeds from sales and/or from operations I’d say first of all we would look to enhance the dividend in part because the dividend will probably, if it comes from sales will be generating incremental taxable income from those sales which [indiscernible] some incremental distributions and that’s part of the reason why we had to do the special dividend as part of our most recent distribution, is because we did have taxable income that had to be distributed. Buying back stock is something that is clearly something we’re looking at. I think we have a few things that we have in the pipeline right now that we would like to see how they play out, but we are certainly open to buying back stocks. We’ve done it in the past and [indiscernible] a more productive use of the capital then we would intend to return it one way or the other. I think then the issue there just becomes trying to understand what might generate the best long term return to the shareholders, whether it’s through a dividend or whether it’s through buying back the stock.
W. Edward Walter: I guess as we look at the major renovations that we were talking about, the ones that really are causing the $25 million worth of disruption, with the exception of the San Diego ballroom, I think most of those projects are going to be completed at some point this year. In general, I would be expecting that the loss in EBITDA that we’re experiencing in ’15 will be restored in ’16 by virtue of the fact that those properties will be open and operating.  Over the course of ’16 and into early ’17, we would expect to see meaningful EBITDA enhancements from all the investments that we’ve made that would then start to kick in and we’d start to get the benefit out of the investment activity that we’ve had. Without putting too fine number on it, if we’re going to suffer $25 million of displacement this year, we would expect to make that up and our outlook for ’16 and ’17 is we recruit at least that incremental.
W. Edward Walter: I would agree with you, it would seem that the level – I think some of the – our world has gotten a little bit more transparent in terms of pricing over the last decade and the reality is that because the New York market – a sizeable component of it is driven by leisure, people are quick to price compare. So, what we’ve been finding is that when properties try to push rate, they have to be very thoughtful and sort of tactical about how to do that. At times of the week, at times of the month we are able to drive month but you’ll find that people do move as they start to see rates push beyond certain levels and our world’s gotten easier for people to do that to be honest.
W. Edward Walter: I don’t have that information right in front of me, but that’s exactly what our new disclosure is designed to provide you so if you go to the website you’ll be able to get a pretty good insight into that.
W. Edward Walter: I think you’re right that that’s one of those markets that is susceptible to challenges based upon the strength in currency. I think in our Waikiki asset we have seen some signs there that Japanese travel has not been perhaps as strong as it has been in the past. Having said that, our outlook for Hawaii this year is right down the middle in the portfolio in terms of RevPAR growth. I think where we’re being helped is Maui is more US focused than internationally focused. Our booking pace at our hotels is up very strongly in ’15 and also is up quite strong in ’16. I’d say that Waikiki and Oahu is probably a little bit more exposed to some of the challenges from international travel, but Maui is looking quite strong this year.
W. Edward Walter: Thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our year end results and outlook with you. We look forward to talking with you in the spring to discuss our fourth quarter results and to provide more insight into how 2015 is playing out. Thanks everybody.
Gregory J. Larson: The only thing I would add is we’re also fortunate enough, we have a tremendous amount of work going on both in Houston and Calgary and both of those markets were going to be fairly weak in 2015 so we’re fortunate on that front. 
Gregory J. Larson: I think the only thing I would add and you probably know this as well, DC was actually a really strong market in the fourth quarter with RevPAR for the industry up over 8%. Unfortunately for us, because we have two very large hotels in renovation, our RevPAR growth was only 2.5%. But, I agree with Ed, when you look at the future of group bookings pace in ’16, ’17, and beyond it looks pretty exciting and as Ed said, supply growth in DC remains at 2% or below for the next couple of years so we do feel pretty good about DC especially once our hotels are fully renovated.
Gregory J. Larson: We did mention a couple of ground leases that we’ve been working on and we’re working on several others as well, but what we really did is one ground lease we extended by 30 years so that’ll just make it much easier to sell that asset one day, when we elect to do that. Then on another ground lease we actually fired the lease and so again, that will make it much easier for us to sell that asset going forward.
Gregory J. Larson: I think it’s going to be right around four years for us. It’s going to depend on obviously, the pace of sales but I think right around four years for us.
Gregory J. Larson: I agree. In Houston for fourth quarter for the industry RevPAR was up over 8.5% and our Houston properties had a decline over 5% because of the disruption that Ed mentioned. 
Gregory J. Larson: You’re correct, fourth quarter was extremely strong for us in Hawaii with RevPAR up almost 15%, but you’re also right about 2015 that when we look at Hawaii I think it will be a good year but it won’t be that strong. I think RevPAR growth in Hawaii next year will be right within our domestic overall portfolio.
