Edward Walter: It will obviously depend upon the asset. But yes, I think that when you look at where we are trading right now, I think a number of these sales could happen at or slightly below that cap rate or that EBITDA multiple.
Edward Walter: Certainly, the $2 billion captures the bulk of what we would look at as noncore. I'm sure that there are -- I'm sure there's some incremental assets that, as time evolves, we could add into a sales program from the standpoint of looking at noncore sales. I think, ultimately, this is going to come down to exactly how long does the sale markets remain attractive, and what are some of the options that -- other options that we may see for that capital? Over time, what we've always wanted to be doing, and we have been doing, is looking to sell those assets in our portfolio where we see somewhat weaker growth prospects, and then redeploy that capital into higher-yielding opportunities, which today, is buying our stock.
Edward Walter: Smedes, what I was referring to there was that there are -- first of all, we are still spending capital. We are still investing money in CapEx programs in 2016. The overall level, as we tried to make it clear, is going to be less than what we did in 2015 by a pretty material amount -- about 10% in maintenance CapEx and 20% overall. So the spending is clearly going down. What I was trying to highlight is that you'll still have some disruption from those individual projects just because we're obviously still doing them. The larger projects that we would be starting at the end of this year that might carry into next year would be our renovation of the Denver Tech Marriott and the Hyatt, the San Francisco Hyatt near the airport in Burlingame. Those are probably our two single biggest projects that start in the fourth quarter and carry into the beginning of next year. And then we have a series of other rooms' renovations. But again, I think the point I would make there is that, overall, we would expect that there will be less disruption in the comp portfolio next year than what we experienced this year.
Edward Walter: I think what we are referring to more there is the fact that as you sell those assets, you are also losing EBITDA. And so, in the context of thinking about our overall balance sheet management, as you, if you sell $1 billion worth of assets, you dip into $0.5 billion, assuming that's how the math worked out; then some chunk of those remaining proceeds would be deployed to repay debt to ensure that we weren't exceeding leverage levels that we would be targeting. And then the other portion of those proceeds would be available for other uses, which would, in today's world, be used to buy back stock. I think as we indicated in our comments and we've talked about for a long period of time, we're generally looking at maintaining our leverage in the long run between 2.5 and 3 times. Right now we are in the middle of that range. In the near-term, we would be comfortable, given our operating outlook, to allowing that to -- that leverage level to fly towards the high end of that range. But as you are selling assets, you are ultimately going to have to make some adjustments to your debt balances to ensure that you don't go well above that range.
Edward Walter: I would say that we are seeing a little bit of that, too. You make the right point, that we have a portfolio that's oriented towards group. And as I indicated, our group pace for the fourth-quarter was very solid. It improved over the course of the third-quarter because of good strong bookings in the third-quarter. But I think we are seeing some transient weakness in the fourth-quarter too.
Edward Walter: There's no doubt that supply is picking up. I think one of the themes, though, that as we've looked at that, is there's also no doubt that the bulk of the supply that you are seeing nationwide is really being driven by the upscale and midscale segments. Supply and upper upscale and luxury is still well below long-term historical averages. And that applies both on a nationwide basis as well as on what we would look at as sort of the top 17 markets where our portfolio is deployed. So there is a little bit of a bifurcation there in terms of where that supply hits. I think some of the markets that are -- that I think that are widely known to have a high level of supply, that would include Houston, New York, and Miami. Those are certainly -- as we look out, and our analysis tends to do a bit of a weighting in terms of when that supply is going to hit and assumes that it feathers in over a 12-month timeframe. But it's clear that those three markets are going to see strong levels of supply in 2016.
Edward Walter: Harry, I think it's really hard to say. We -- first off, we're sort of all getting the October softness light. We are seeing it kind of a real-time. You know, our group element of our business has held up fairly well through October, at least based on all indications we have. I would imagine that we are still seeing the same international travel weakness that we saw in the summer. I suspect that that is still carrying into October. My guess is that will become less impactful as we get later in the year, because I suspect international travel tends to ebb a bit as you get into the late part of the fourth-quarter. But I'm sure that is contributing to it to some degree.
Edward Walter: Well, I think you are right in your assessment, first off, that when -- historically, what we've seen is that when the Fed starts to raise rates, it reflects the fact that there is an expectation that the economy -- or a realization that the economy is doing better. And so while oftentimes I think you've seen a bit of a falloff in terms of REIT valuations, or a lodging REIT valuations when that first starts to happen, folks start to also recognize that a good economy is good for lodging. To the extent that the Fed raises rates at the end of this year, the beginning of next year, and it's also because of the fact that the Fed is really beginning to believe that business investment and GDP growth in 2016 are going to be stronger than what we've seen in 2015 -- and I think that's the consensus outlook at this point, but I would also tell you that's been the consensus outlook the last couple of years at this point, is that the next year will be better. If that all happens, I think that bodes well for us and for the other -- the lodging industry in general. One of the things that will be important for 2016 performance is to see some recovery in -- or some strengthening in demand. We obviously know that supply levels will be somewhat elevated compared to this year, so we are going to need more demand in order to accommodate that. You know, we are certainly seeing, as I mentioned in my comments, really strong bookings for next year, well better -- far better than where we stood at this time last year. And we are seeing -- a lot of our markets are really showing good, solid, advanced group bookings. So I think if we get -- if the Fed is raising rates because the economy is better, that's clearly a good sign. What I would hope with that too is that we would not only, this may be wishing for too much, it would be good if the currency didn't appreciate considerably compared to at least the euro and potentially the yen. Because I think the area where we've been hurt a bit in international travel this year has been a fall-off in travel from Japan and from Continental Europe. And the fact -- if the currencies would remain generally flat year-over-year, I think that would be helpful for international demand, which is something that's been important in this cycle. And it would be good to see that come back at a stronger level in 2016.
Edward Walter: Well, I think we tried to explain that in our comments, that if you look -- the assets that we owned for a portion of this year, which we sold in 2015, generated about $20 million worth of EBITDA in 2015. And then we had a -- and then when you -- we also obviously owned The Phoenician for a part of this year, which generated, call it, $6 million or so of EBITDA for this year so far. So, when we look at what -- when you take that $20 million out and you add in the full benefit of The Phoenician in 2016, we are sort of expecting The Phoenician will be in that $30 million to $31 million level next year. So that's where we get basically a lift of $3 million to $5 million on a year-over-year basis for comparing the benefit of The Phoenician versus the sales of the assets that have gone out the door this year.
Edward Walter: Okay. And then on the redevelopment side, again, we had $4 million -- we took a $4 million hit from those three assets and we expect to see a $20 million to $22 million lift from that, those are probably the most significant year-over-year drivers. We obviously know that we are spending less on CapEx next year. We know that the number of the investments we made, especially in the first half of this year, were disruptive. Without going through the whole budget process, it's hard to understand what that incremental lift will be. So, unfortunately, we'll have more detail on that as we get into our call in February.
Edward Walter: I think that's a very good question, part of our assessment there. And so we think about that in the context of the assets that we are selling. I think the flipside of that is there's no better time to sell an asset than when its performance is extremely strong. And so I think partly what you are seeing here is our assessment that, while the assets are performing well now, probably will -- should perform well again next year. As we think about where we want to be invested in the long run, at least for those assets that we would end up selling, those would be the ones that we would be comfortable in letting go, even though, in the near-term, their performance has been stronger.
Edward Walter: Rich, I think you are right in that assessment that, first of all, supply is supply. And whether it comes in the midscale or upscale segment or in other segments, it's going to have an impact on the market. So at the end of the day, there still is an impact from that supply. But I think part of our point, though, is that there still is a distinction between the different segments. The supply at the upper price points is not as high. Another differentiation is, from a standpoint of the type of customer, those upscale hotels are really not in a position -- or midscale hotels are not really in a position to be able to handle the group business that our -- the bulk of our portfolio is able to accommodate. So, I would agree that I am concerned about supply, whether it's in the higher price points or in the mid-price points. But I do think that mid-price points supply will be a bit less impactful in our portfolio, in part because of our orientation towards group.
Edward Walter: I'm actually fairly encouraged that it's stayed as constant as it has. Because I see -- the reality is, if you think about that, is that right now if you can tell me that we can do better than 6% group revenues in 2015, I would be pleased, or 2016, I would be pleased. Typically, what we have found is some other phases of this particular cycle is that when we are -- when we sort of had very strong advanced bookings, as you get closer to the actual period of time when the numbers are real, you tend to see that because so much space has been sold, you start to have less available to sell, and consequently that sort of the improvement over the prior year in group tends to decline a bit. So the fact that we've been consistently strong for 2016 throughout this year, really I view as a fairly favorable -- as a good thing. It's a good thing. You know, I would offer up too is that it's not just 2016 that looks good; we've got pretty good advanced bookings for 2017 too. So that trend is going to continue past this year.
Edward Walter: No, we did not, Joe. I don't -- we just don't have a number quite yet. But it's certainly been running better than what we've seen for the rest of the year, but I don't have an updated number yet for the month.
Edward Walter: You know, I think we are constantly evaluating a variety of different options for the portfolio. Certainly, one of the questions we've gotten before is about whether we could sell some of these assets in a portfolio sale context, for instance. And that's something we've looked at throughout the year, and the last couple of years, frankly. And we'll continue to look at. So far, the response we've gotten from the market has suggested that the tact we're taking, which is individual asset sales, is probably the most productive one in the long-term. But to the extent that the opportunity presents itself to sell assets in bulk, similar to what we did in Europe, albeit that transaction took almost a year to complete. Then we would try to take advantage of that. You know, as you look at other types of transactions, I know that there's been a lot of discussion about spins and things like that in the market over the course of the last couple of years. I think in the current environment, when the entire -- all of the lodging REIT stocks are trading at a significant discount to NAV, it's hard to imagine that a spin is necessarily going to close that gap as effectively as asset sales, because you are still going to -- after the spin, you are still going to have two entities that would, are going to trade, while you may see an improvement in multiple in general from having taken the step, I don't know that you are necessarily going to radically have those companies trade at a different multiple and a different relationship to NAV than the rest of the industry. So, all this is evolving. We frankly have only been in this sort of situation where the stocks are trading at this big of a discount to NAV for sort of half of this year. We are trying to take advantage of that as best as we can. We're trying to take advantage of the balance sheet strength that we have to deploy that right now to benefit from that. And we'll continue to evaluate all sorts of options as we work our way through 2016 and 2017.
Edward Walter: It's hard to deal with that question in the abstract, just because you need to know -- you ultimately need to know who is combining or who is buying who. So it's sort of tricky to say. I mean, our contract rights flow out of individual contracts or corporate level agreements with Starwood and Marriott. And so I don't know that those particular corporate level agreements are necessarily -- in fact, I'm fairly confident that they are not specifically affected by any transactions that might happen at the corporate level by any of those companies. So ultimately, I think our valuation of whatever might occur, whatever combinations would occur or whatever change in ownership would occur, are going to be based upon who's in charge and what their plans are for the brands and the properties that we own.
Edward Walter: Well, first of all, we don't think the cycle is coming to an end. We see solid growth in 2016. And as we look out past that point in time, assuming that economic growth continues to be at least at the levels that we've seen lately, we don't see why the cycle wouldn't be continuing past that. You know, I think there's a lot of different reasons to sell assets. In our case, it's not necessarily because we think we are timing it at the top. It's really driven more by an approach to how we manage our portfolio and a long-term perspective to reduce exposure to certain markets, and then, over time, increase it to others, is the way of managing the portfolio. I would envision that other than in those periods of time that are shortly after a decline, where we probably would be -- wouldn't be comfortable that we were getting fair value for our hotels, we tend to be a seller throughout a significant chunk of the cycle. So I don't know that I would read a lot into that other than this is just a continuation of a program that we've been working on for awhile.
Edward Walter: And then I think lastly in terms of the notion of buying stock back at this point in time, I mean, that's something that we obviously give a lot of thought to. But I think we are comfortable, especially at these levels, that buying the stock is a good investment. And I think we are being thoughtful about how we pursue that, because nobody knows exactly what the future holds. But at this point in time, as we are sort of -- in effect, we are shrinking the Company with some of these sales. And shrinking and buying back stock is a way to help sort of get the benefit of that shrinkage.
Edward Walter: I don't know that we've gotten quite that formulaic about it, Jeff. It's sort of -- we've been in a good position, I guess, in terms of how we thought about it since we've initiated the programs. It's been relatively easy to be comfortable that buying our stock was the best alternative for the capital that we had or that we would be generating. Now, if you go back to what we would've talked about in April, when our stock price was higher and we spoke about this, our assessment at that point in time was as we generated capital from asset sales or from other sources, we would look at buying -- the returns from buying the stock relative to the returns from investing in other things, whether it was new assets or whether it would be ROI investments. And so as we look to a point in time that I hope happens sooner or later, which is that the gap closes between NAV and our stock -- and by the way, I'm hoping that happens because our stock is going up, of course, as that gap starts to close, then we will continue to evaluate what are those best options for the capital that we are generating if, at that future time, you could see an acceleration in ROI investments if those proved to be more attractive. But if, on the other hand, we are at a point in the cycle where we don't think it makes sense to make new investments or new acquisitions, then you would still be buying the stock back at that environment, even though the returns might not be as attractive as they are today.
Edward Walter: Well, I think in the near-term, that's exactly what we're doing. I mean, we're obviously going to cut all the overhead that was in Asia-Pacific region. We only have the international offices in Europe -- are the only ones that would be left sort of as we get into early next year. In Europe, I think we've got a number of opportunities to enhance the value of the remaining 10 hotels that we have. And I think the decision has been made at this stage, is to continue to work that portfolio and then watch for what opportunities might develop in the long run. But certainly at this point in time, as we deal with worldwide capital flows, which we are making investing in Asia very difficult to do, at least on our parameters, the best markets to focus on right now are in the US.
Edward Walter: Thank you all for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our third-quarter results and outlook. We look forward to talking with you in February to discuss both our year-end 2015 results and provide much more detailed insights into 2016. Have a great day, everybody.
Gregory Larson: I mean, the flipside to that would be there are certain markets like Hawaii where there is virtually no supply.
Gregory Larson: Yes, I think the only thing I would add, Ed, I agree with you, right, because of our strong group booking pace and because of some of the assets that you talked about that are closed this year that will reopen next year, it would be great to have very, as Ed mentioned, strong EBITDA growth next year, which obviously means our taxable income would be higher, which means our dividend would be higher. But in addition to all of that, as Ed mentioned in his comments, as we sell assets, obviously approximately 50% of the proceeds from those asset sales will also go towards the dividend. So for all those reasons, I think 2016 looks good from a dividend front.
Gregory Larson: Obviously, in the fourth quarter, October certainly will be one of the better quarters or better months of the year on one hand. On the other hand, certainly, I think our hotel forecast for October today is lower than what it was a quarter ago. And I'd say the same thing about our fourth quarter in general. Our fourth quarter in general rates to be pretty decent. But as we sit here today, I think our forecast as a hotel forecast for the fourth quarter is lower today than what it was a quarter ago.
Gregory Larson: You know, and I think this is, obviously, Chris, as you know, this is sort of a unique situation right now where we can sell assets that are sort of in the bottom sort of, call it, bottom quartile of our portfolio, assets that maybe have slower growth rates, higher CapEx issues. But we can sell those assets at sort of lower cap rates than where we trade today. Right? And then take those proceeds and either put it out in the form of a dividend or buy back our stock at, which today, is close to an 8% cap rate.
Gregory Larson: Sure. So, as Ed mentioned, right, we are currently marketing $1 billion worth of assets. Certainly, I'm not sure if all of those assets will actually complete. But as we sell those assets and complete those sales in 2016, certainly that will increase our taxable income. And so, look it, I think the way we look at it is, at a minimum, as Ed mentioned, approximately half of the proceeds will go out in the form of a dividend. And so at a minimum, we could just put it out in a special dividend next year, which would be in the fourth quarter; or to minimize that special dividend, what you could see us do at some point next year is raise our standard dividend. And so, effectively, we've have the same dividend for the year out in 2016. But you could see us stair-step, increase our standard dividend, which would effectively reduce that special dividend at the end of 2016.
Gregory Larson: Look, it's too early to know that, but I think at the end of the day, you could do the math, Jeff, right? If we sell X number of assets and if 50% of the proceeds go into the form of a dividend, divide that by our share count, you can see what we are talking about in the form of an extra dividend.
