Robin M. Farley: Was that 13% versus 7% last year? I think if I got that right. Can you give us some sense of how much is rate versus volume and then also...
Robin M. Farley: I was just -- I wanted to get a little more color on -- if I got your opening remarks correctly, you said group bookings up 13% versus 7% at the same time last year. And I was just looking for some color on how much of that is rate versus volume of that 13% increase. And then the other question I was going to ask is on your acquisitions spend, it looks like your budget, your planned spend on acquisition is up for the year. I wonder if you talk about kind of what's driving that? Is it just better capital availability or more compelling assets available? In another words, is that being driven by a specific transaction that you haven't firmed up yet? That kind of thing.
Robin M. Farley: Actually, can I have -- if your number of room nights is up 13% on a revenue basis, up 9.5% to 10%, it seems there maybe rate...
W. Edward Walter: Robin, If I could interrupt you for a second, for some reason, the first part of your question didn't come through because -- why don't you -- if you could just start over again, that would probably be -- well at least be helpful for us and probably for everyone.
W. Edward Walter: I think if -- let's start with the group booking activity. What we were trying to communicate relative to the booking pace activity is that we were up significantly in the quarter for the quarter. And then if you look at the rest of the year, our room night for the rest of the year -- the number of rooms that we book for the remainder of the year, that was up 13%. So that was a room night number and not a revenue number. As we look overall for the full year, what we're seeing at this point now is that our overall booking pace for the full year is up actually about 8.5% on a revenue basis for the full year, but that is much stronger for the last 3 quarters of the year than it was for the first part. So actually, if you look at the last 3 quarters of the year, we're running and then -- on a revenue basis, we're running in the 9.5% to 10% area. That gets comprised of high 7% increase in room nights, combined with a couple of percent in rate. So hopefully that clarifies that. Now in the acquisitions --
W. Edward Walter: They're slightly different numbers. In other words, what we're saying -- another way to look at this is that our booking pace starting the year on a room night basis was probably below -- was around 5% or so. And so now, at this point, our booking pace through the full year is significantly higher. The reason why the overall booking pace on a room night and a revenue basis is higher than where it was at the beginning of the year is because we booked more rooms in the quarter for the quarter, and we booked more rooms for the remainder of the year than we did last year. The net result of that is the increases that we're seeing in Q2 through Q4 in terms of both room nights and then an improvement in rate, which ultimately leads to the improvement in revenue.
W. Edward Walter: On the acquisition side, I don't know that I would necessarily view what we express in my comments as a change. We still feel that we are early in the lodging cycle. We don't see supply increasing for a number of years back to the average level of supply, frankly. And therefore, we don't see supply getting back to the point where it exceeds demand for several more years. So from that, looking at where we sit in the lodging cycle, our sense is that this is still a good time to be a buyer of assets. Now we've also expressed that we also intend over time to continue to recycle assets from our portfolio, a lot of those proceeds would be reinvested in the assets that we would acquire. At this stage, where we stand, we would like to be a net buyer of assets and that would be our goal for this year. We haven't actually put a dollar amount on that externally in part, because it's somewhat contingent on availability and things like that.
W. Edward Walter: Yes and no. I mean, I guess the first thing I'd say, Bill, is I'm probably a little surprised at how quickly occupancy has recovered in the industry and certainly in our portfolio. So when I look at what's -- we've gone back and we keep comparing in our portfolio, where our staffing levels relative to '07 and '09, both at the associate level and at the manager level. And I think what I would say is that based on the numbers that we've looked at, staffing levels have come back. They've come back slower at the manager level than at the associate level, but they are still lower than where they would be kind of in relationship to the occupancy levels that we saw in '07. And on the manager side, I would say, if we cut about 20% of our managers in the downturn, I don't think we've even recovered half of the decrease. So maybe we're up 10% from where we were in '09 and taking into account a pretty significant occupancy increase from where we were in '09 to where we are right now. But I think our sense generally throughout the portfolio is that the operators have been thoughtful about how they've been adding staff back and part of that is as we look more broadly at productivity levels in our portfolio. Our productivity levels are certainly better now than they were during the prior recovery.
W. Edward Walter: It's a great question, Bill. Obviously, if somebody has a larger portfolio whether it's here or outside the U.S., we will tend to get a call on that. We don't have to necessarily focus on those types of deals, because it's more about owning the right assets than necessarily getting bigger. But there are a few portfolios that are in play right now and see whether pricing gets to a point where it make sense for us to play in those. I think if you look beyond that, there seems to be still a little bit of a pricing expectation gap between sellers who would generally be of a mind to sell and where the market is right now. I think some of that is may be expectations that were developed over the course of the first and second quarter of '11 where pricing was starting to accelerate a little bit. And folks are still sort of looking for cap rates and thinking that they apply to this year is then alive when they think about the value of their assets. And that's the explanation I get from the brokerage community who why the recovery in assets being brought to market has been a little bit slower than what might have expected given that the stock market and cost of capital recovered by the beginning of the year. I think that a lot of what -- part of the reason there seems to be a sense of confidence that the second half of the year we'll see more transaction activity is driven by the belief that there are, is debt maturing in or around the second half of the year and so that would likely drive more transaction activity. Because in general, there's always specific exceptions to this. But in general, lenders are not necessarily to pretend -- not willing to pretend and extend at this point. Values have recovered enough that lenders want activity and lenders want to be paid off. So I think there's an expectation that there'll be some acceleration of activity that flows out of that.
W. Edward Walter: Jim, that's an interesting question. And I know that -- I think this came up on one of the other calls maybe from a slightly different slant. If you look at how our larger hotels are doing compared to our smaller hotels, if you compare the two based on first quarter operations, broadly speaking relative to just overall revenue performance, I think what you find is that the larger -- they're both in comparison to the prior peak and roughly the same position. But the way they get there is a little bit different. The larger hotels are actually doing better on rate, but are a few point behind in terms of occupancy. And I think the reason for that is -- were the one that you were suggesting, which is that overall, the larger hotels are probably seeing -- are seeing a little bit less of their business coming from group right now than they have in the past. I think they're getting the rate, because they're well located in markets that are recovering quickly, which in part accounts the differential in rate. But they -- because we still don't -- we've not recovered close yet to our prior levels of group activity, you're just not -- you haven't quite seen the same level of group business at those larger hotels. As we look at the beginning of this year, we would see a similar result that Mariott described which is that we're seeing some heavier levels and bigger increases in the smaller hotels than we are seeing in the larger hotels. We're seeing significantly good, strong increases in both. But I think part of that comparison, you need to understand that the smaller hotels tend to book a lot of their business fairly short term. So the fact that group is coming back and coming back well in the initial stages of this, this is going to disproportionately benefit smaller -- look better, not so much benefit, but look better on a year-over-year basis for the smaller hotels, because they don't see with much group business. That same quantitative benefit when it hit the bigger hotels that already does 60% of its business on a group basis is still very meaningful. But on a comparison basis, it doesn't look quite as strong. I think as we -- part of what we're encouraged by when we look at the larger hotels is the fact the association business was better. Corporate group is better. We're hearing signs from our operators that the associations were thinking in terms of bigger events and those in days in attendance as they look out into to '13 and '14 and beyond. So I think there's a confidence in the larger groups that they're going to hold bigger events as opposed to smaller events looking outward. That will clearly benefit the larger hotels. And then coming back to my first point, when we look at the levels of -- when we look at those overall levels of occupancy, we really see a strong opportunity for those larger hotels to benefit in a material way over the next couple of years from the improving group trends.
W. Edward Walter: A lot of that will be driven by the opportunities that present themselves. I think that there are attractive -- we would be interested investing in both markets. In Europe, I don't expect though that we will see that many assets come to market unless they're driven by debt maturities. In talking with our office there and with the folks that run that office. The amount of product that's on the market in Europe right now is relatively low, and what's there is there because debt is maturing. I think we need to be cautious investing in Europe for all the obvious reasons. But I also think that we need to remember a couple of points we've talked about before. One is that Europe is a very varied place, and so we would generally feel better about the economies in Northern Europe than the ones in Southern Europe. The major cities of Europe are incredible tourist destinations. I think one of the reasons why Europe has done far better than most of the folks -- most folks would have expected is not because of some surprising pockets of economic strength in Europe itself, but rather because the rest of the world is interested in going to Europe. I think we mentioned on our prior call that we're looking at our portfolio of assets, which is reasonably diversified portfolio of hotels, over 40% of the business that we do at our hotels comes from outside of Europe and the U.K. And I think that's one of the reasons why we've done as well as we've done in the first quarter, because so much of the business is coming to us from outside of Europe. So now that it is, we would be cautious about Europe, but if we felt like -- if we like the market, we like the price, sometimes investing in periods of risk is when you get your best returns. And part of our analysis would be to look for slightly higher returns in Europe right now that we have in the past. As you look more broadly through Asia, it's really just like -- it's a very different situation country by country. As we announced today, we had purchased a property in Perth. We would certainly be interested in acquiring more in Australia. We think that's the market that even with some of the signs of slowing growth in China, that means that a little bit of reduction in China's growth outlook does not change the outlook for Australia in our minds in a meaningful way. There's a tremendous natural resource boom that's going to continue to happen there and that the acquisition of Perth is a great way to play on that.
W. Edward Walter: Josh, I don't know that I can give a realistic answer to that. I think that they have been working through some of the bugs in the structure of Sales Force One. And I know that in talking with them -- we have regular meetings with them on this topic, they have certainly been encouraged by some of the trends that they've seen. I think it is true that if we look at our Marriott hotels, they have certainly had a strong surge in booking activity over the course of the last 6 months. So I think it's probably fair to attribute some of the improvement to them figuring that out at a better level. I also think that at the end of the day, a stronger market makes a big difference for all of us and that's the other -- that clearly is the major driver behind the improvement.
W. Edward Walter: Off the top of my head, I don't know the answer to that. And I think we tend not to try to give operator data on this call. So I probably would stay away from that answer.
W. Edward Walter: What I would tell you is that you're right that it matures in October. And I would also tell you that the portfolio is on the market at this point in time. As the owners look to either refinance the debt or to sell it, and we're paying close attention to what's happening with that portfolio.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, yes, yes, okay. I don't know. We've talked about that internally, and I actually asked that question when we were speaking with our asset managers last week to just get a better feel for what was happening on that side. I think in certain markets, we are starting to get the benefit of being able to push pricing a bit around banquets and things like that. But it seems to me that we're still a little ways away from where we can really drive that improved results. Folks are showing up with a budget. The good news is they want to do the event. The bad news, if it's bad news, is that they still are showing up with a pretty defined budget that they need to stick to in order to have the event. And I think we're not quite at the point a lot of markets where we can start to say that, that budget has to go up before we can give you the meeting space. What is interesting though is, which we were not seeing last year, is a number of groups are while they may not have committed to higher spend before they get to the hotel, when the meeting planners and the senior executives or the senior folks responsible for the event get to the hotel, we are seeing some pops in activity on the food and beverage side that get determined at the very last minute. And so that has been a positive in terms of our food and beverage revenues and more often than not, we found that whatever our month out forecast is for food and beverage, we've been beating that more than listing it. And I think it is in part driven by the fact that when groups are showing up, they're comfortable that they can increase their spending.
W. Edward Walter: Let me deal with your first, and I'll come back to the issue about revenue. As we had indicated in our February call, we were being fairly cautious in our approach to Europe for all the obvious reasons. We've been very happy with the results that Larry explained in terms of just how the first quarter has played out especially when you look at the calendar quarter where you get the benefit a little bit more insight into what's really going on there by including March. And when you look at those numbers, I mean the reality is that we really are seeing -- we think our overall RevPAR was above 5 and you're seeing strong food and beverage spending there, and so profit is up in a material way. Our revised forecast takes the first quarter, essentially the first quarter success into account, but recognizing that the situation there is still somewhat volatile and uncertain. We've been conservative for the rest of the year and roughly in a level where we're assuming flat performance year-over-year for Europe. I think that clearly is upside there, but we have not tried to pick that up as of yet just again, because it's hard not to have concerns about Europe when you read the paper every day. And going back to the other point, I think at the end of the day, what you should probably take out of our overall revenue numbers, we still feel pretty good about food and beverage revenue. Some of the trends relative to other revenue would probably been a bit more cautious on the other revenue side which is why when you look at the overall mix, you're seeing that revenues are down a bit from the room -- overall revenues are slightly less in where we are on room revenue. But I would tell you that more of that is happening in an area that less of a profit driver, which is the other revenue side. But food and beverage spending, we would probably estimate right now. We'll be slightly less than where room revenues are, but not a lot less.
W. Edward Walter: We've had -- budget for the Helmsley has snuck up a couple of million dollars. But the real driver behind that, this might arguably be a classification issue internally, is we've identified an opportunity at the Helmsley to change how the first floor works from a standpoint of the lobby, the bar and the restaurant. And what we're looking to do and what that budget anticipates and then getting some final numbers and actually approving it internally, is that we're going to move the whole food and beverage and bar operation into the -- what I would call the front right part of the hotel potentially either. Part of the idea will be to extend the hotel out of it into the sidewalk on 42 Street, which we think will make that a far more visible food and beverage operation. That will allow us to take what's a really nice space what I would describe as the back of the hotel that is currently our restaurant that would allow us to turn that into meeting space, which is one thing that hotel would benefit from having more of. So most of that increase really relates to the fact that, that project which a lot of ways is only happening if it hits on threshold that we're going to add that project into the mix and that's the reason for that change that you see.
W. Edward Walter: I think it's not -- It's probably not up at that level. I think the other element -- the other part of it is just a little bit more confident. We're going to get some of these projects done this year like some of the activity at the Hyatt. The Hyatt in San Diego is part of that broader number. And some of the work that we were planning on doing there is probably going to be accelerated in terms of a spending perspective. The nature, the work isn't really changing but we think some of that work is going to get done a little bit faster. A push on our guidance to get as much of that hotel done as possible before the NAREIT of that in November this year. So they're reacting to that pressure.
W. Edward Walter: I think we're already seeing that now. Just by virtue of the fact that some of the statistics side threw out the fact that our recent bookings are clearly up by -- are up by more than 8% percent compared to where we were last year. It's a good sign but sort of on the current basis, we're doing better. If I try to think back about it, right now, about 80% of our room nights for '12 are on the books. We probably started the year, I think, we said around 70%. We probably -- at the beginning of '11, we probably had about maybe 35% to 40% of the room nights for '12 on the books. So if you go a year further back to the year that would be relevant, at the beginning of '10, which is when the world start to get a little bit better, we probably had 20% of our room nights for '12 on the books. So I would guess that most of that business that was booked before the beginning of '10 was probably cheaper business. So maybe that means 20% of this year's room nights and some portions of the business booked in '10 would also be at lower room rate. But as you sort of think forward to '13, we'll have very little from '08 and '09 that will be on the books for '13. We'll have some obviously from '10. But hopefully gives you some feel that as we get to the end of this year and get into the beginning of next year, we should be less than -- call it 20% percent of our business would actually be still tied to a period of time where the industry were struggling.
W. Edward Walter: That's an interesting question, Jeff. So if you look at the merger market right now, I guess what I would say is capital is more available. Certainly, if you can access some of the markets that we can access, and that's a critical ingredient for those types of transactions to occur. I don't know whether the capital is available necessarily for the go private alternative similar to what we'd saw happen in 5 and 6 and 7. I don't know if that debt capital is necessarily available for those types of transactions. So the capital I'm saying might more likely be available might be more company to company. And I think the company to company deal is driven so much by factors that are hard to predict. It is both a function of whether one company is not realizing the benefits of their portfolio or their structure, it gets tied into the sort of the motivations of management and what their longer-term game plan is. So you could be right. I mean, I guess what I'd say is every cycle as we work our way passed the halfway point, I think you do start to see that for a variety of reasons, transaction activity begins to increase and as we get -- right on -- we're at the halfway point, yet, in this recovery, I think we probably are not. So my guess is most of the industry would look at their portfolio and their company and be pretty optimistic about the RevPAR and NOI growth prospects for the next several years. It's just hard to really look out, say to yourself, wow, supply's going to start to pick up and things are going to start -- we're going to start to be at a risky point in the cycle. So since that's not visible, I suspect that most folks would look at it the same way that I do in some ways, which is I really feel pretty good about where we're headed and the opportunity that we have to create value. And while we, at host, would always entertain sale the company at an appropriate price for our shareholders, the reality is that I think there's a lot value to create and I'm pretty focused on trying to create that. And I suspect that if you polled all the other folks in our space, they probably would say something similar to that.
W. Edward Walter: Speaking more broadly about the brands, we're in constant conversation with the brands about assets that they may own. I think, they're -- right now, I would describe them as they're all thematically on the same path, which is that they generally would like to be more asset light than they are today. But most of them are in pretty good shape from a capital perspective, and are looking for uses for that capital more than they are looking for reasons to generate more capital. So I think you haven't seen as much activity as you might have anticipated for that reason. I think in terms of larger group assets, without talking specifically about any particular company, our focus if we were to buy larger assets like that would be to acquire assets that show the characteristics of something like the Hyatt in San Diego. It's not just because that's the large group hotel that's attractive to us, it's because it's a great hotel in a great location that can both benefit from group business, but can also benefit from transient business and general business transient business -- I meant leisure business, the business transient. If you look at the hotels that I think of that are core in our portfolio would be the 2 big ones in San Diego. It would be the Marquis in New York and the Marquis in San Francisco. Those are assets that are big hotels. They do a lot of group, but they're just in great locations that benefit from everything the city has to offer. So as we look at other hotels around the country, we're -- the large hotel, we are particularly competitive for those because of our scale. So we would -- and I also think from an asset management perspective, we have unique insight because of what we own into how to improve the operations of those hotels. So if the hotel needs the parameters sizes described, we would be interested in taking a look at it.
W. Edward Walter: I think part of the -- I mean, certainly at some markets, we've seen very significant rate growth jump. But I think if you look more broadly across the industry, part of the issue is that the level, the decline in terms of occupancy, that was created a low floor on which to grow. And I also think that the reduction in group during the last downturn was -- really played a significant role in the ability to ultimately drive rate. Not when you look at the last downturn as we've described before, at least, in our portfolio, the decline in group and transient was the same. Both of them were down about 9% in room nights. And in this cycle, we were off about -- compared to those '07, about 4% in transient room nights and closer to 18% in group. And not only is that just significant in the absolute level of the recovery, but when it comes to driving pricing, having that group business on the books, as you know, that gives the GM and the revenue manager a sense of confidence about an ability to drive rate. And that's probably one of the reasons why these last few quarters, we've been maybe more focused and more excited about what we've been seeing on the group side. Because when you play this out over the next couple of years in our hotels, when you combine almost back to the prior peak occupancy levels, we started the year a couple of points short of that. It'll be interesting to see if we don't surpass that by the end of the year. As we start to get back to those levels and more in those rooms that are booked in advance which then leads to a better revenue strategy for the individual hotel on the transient side, I think you'll see that pricing that you were expecting but you're disappointed not to have seen. I think because this was a transient-led recovery until just lately, you unfortunately are finding that because so many of those rooms are booked so close to the actual date of use that it's just been difficult for the properties to push rate as aggressively as you would like.
W. Edward Walter: I want to hesitate to predict '13 at this point. But I would say that at the end of the day, if economic growth is forecasted to be better in '13, I think that it is in '12, and I don't. What we see when we look across our market is that supply should not be increasing in '13. So if this year plays out the way we expect, we continue to see the growth and trends that we're seeing. And you have a good solid economic year next year combined with low supply growth. I suspect that what we'll find is -- I think RevPAR growth next year could be good, and I would be guessing that we'd start to see a lot more of RevPAR being driven by rate and by mix shift as opposed to necessarily by continued improvements and occupancy, but we will still see those because they're really still room for more appropriate on the occupancy side.
W. Edward Walter: Well thank you, everybody, for joining us on this call today. We appreciated the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and our outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insights into how 2012 was playing out on our second quarter call in mid July. Have a great day and thanks.
Larry K. Harvey: Yes, we expect the second quarter to be better across the board and roughly for the full year. We're down 3, 9 in the quarter. We expect it to be -- I'd say flattish. So we do see some pickup.
Larry K. Harvey: Sure. Atlanta was actually up 4.9%, David. Very good group and citywide demand. We actually expect it even better second quarter. Got really good group and transient pace on the books and then for the rest of the year, it'll basically end up about where it was in the first quarter. So the second quarter, it should be very good. We're hopeful that the second half of the year improves on what our current forecast has, but very nice first quarter and even better second quarter.
Larry K. Harvey: No, no. The second quarter strength is also on the transient side. So group and transient in the second quarter.
