Jim Risoleo: Yes, Smedes, as with any time we deploy capital, we will assess the underlying fundamentals and our view of likely future performance and value when we are making a decision to invest in our portfolio to buy an asset or to buyback stock. So, I just point you to the fact that we had a $1 billion authorization. We had $755 million remaining for the year. We will take calls of underlying operating trends and a view of our NAV given current facts and circumstances and act accordingly.
Jim Risoleo: Anthony, we haven't really sat back and said that this is the portfolio of hotels we want to dispose off. We look at sales on an opportunistic basis whether we see a need for high capital expenditure investments in properties, markets that we don't have a favorable view of for the long-term. On every asset that we evaluate whether or not to sell, we start with doing a whole value which is a 10-year pro forma including 10 years of CapEx over and above the FF&E reserve. And if we feel that we're able to transact in the market at a price that's greater than a whole value and the market dynamics are such that we think the buyer can perform as today with strong financing markets -- financing markets have never been stronger quite frankly both from a proceeds perspective and an interest rate perspective then we'll move forward. But we have no problematic plan in place to sell assets.
Jim Risoleo: Sure. David, I'll take the first part of the question and Michael can talk about the financing market. With respect to the acquisition marketplace, we always have a pipeline of assets that we are evaluating and underwriting. We've been very disciplined and our view towards performance of these assets. Going forward, and we have taken into consideration that the current economic times that we live in today and we'll look at buying an asset relative to as -- an example buying back our stock. It's not to say that if a very attractive opportunity presented itself that we wouldn't pursue it, but to date we just haven't seen a lot out there that make sense for us. There is a gap between buyer-seller expectations. And I think part of that is being driven still by the flush financing market that's available to buyers today -- to sellers today to refinance our assets. So, I don't know if you want to talk about the...
Jim Risoleo: Yeah. We should probably talk offline. I think that -- I think based on the assets that we've sold we've probably seeing a tick-up in our total company RevPAR from call it $180 to $183.
Jim Risoleo: Yeah. So, the group pace for 2020 it's holding, it's hanging in there. Total group revenue pace at this point is at 5.4% for 2020.
Jim Risoleo: I think it's going to be an ongoing process first, Bill. I don't have hard numbers to talk about, but we're being thoughtful with respect to making certain that our customers are understanding day one what they're being asked to pay and they're achieving real value for any fees that they might be asked to pay. I would expect that we will continue to see increased capture on cancellation fees just from some automated systems that have been put in place, not that we're seeing a tick-up in cancellations. I don't want to call anybody with that thought because we're not seeing a pickup in cancellations. And we are continuing to see a strong out of room spending definition in particular with respect to golf and spa. So, it's an area that we continue to be focused on going forward.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Actually, I think in Michael's prepared remarks, I'll let him talk about a little more, but we saw a very strong group performance at the Phoenician to the point where some of the transient business was yielded out in favor of group, allowing us to really compress transient rate with respect to what collets. The leisure travel continues to be strong overall. Revenues increased 12% in the quarter and that was driven by almost an 8% increase in our resorts.
Jim Risoleo: Our guidance is granular. I mean this is property-by-property forecast to arrive at our guidance for the full year.
Jim Risoleo: We're hopeful and we believe that the first, for yourself is going to put us in a very good place Shaun because, as these properties are fully renovated, we do expect meaningful increases in yield index which should translate into strong improvements in EBITDA. The way the operating performance guarantees were calculated is really based on the anticipated disruption at each property based on the scope of the renovation and based on our 20-plus years of data related to renovations and our ability to really forecast displacement of business whether you're doing rooms, whether you're doing rooms and bathrooms or a lobby or food and beverage or a meeting space. So, it's a property-by-property analysis. We have some ability to adjust those based on timing of the renovation and the like. But instead of said amount -- I think that the said amount was $83 million in the aggregate. And as we stated earlier today between comp -- non-comp for this year, we will receive $23 million.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. I'd tell you -- I mentioned the number for 2020. We're seeing total group revenue pace up 5.4% for 2020. For 2023, the numbers are up approximately 2%, but it's really a little bit early to start thinking about any years beyond 2020.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, the only thing I would add Chris is that's changed and I think we're going to continue to see change in a positive way is technology. And our -- we embraced technology. We think we're on the forefront of technology working with our operators. That will allow us to continue to improve productivity going forward. So, I think that's only going to get better. And I do believe that it's a new paradigm for the operating expense model in the world of hotels. Additionally, we are keenly focused on cost creep. It's so easy when times are good for the extra body here or the extra controllable whether it'd be in rooms or F&B to come back into the system. So, we're keeping a keen eye on all of that.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Robin, I'll start with our forecasted operating profit guarantee payments based on our anticipated construction spend next year for the transformational capital program. It's likely at this point that we're going to be circa $200 million plus or minus. We won't know until we get through the capital budgeting process, which is starting in earnest in the next week or two actually, but we won't be done with this until the end of the year. Right now we would be looking at operating profit guarantees of $16 million again plus or minus. I don't want to give you a hard number because both of those numbers are subject to change, but just directionally that's kind of how we are seeing things. I think that as the Starwood acquisition gets fully integrated into the Marriott system that the focus is likely to change. Believe me, we're not going to take our eye off the cost side of it, but the focus is likely to change to yield index and improvements in the top-line we bought. We also see we think incremental benefits from the rollout of Marriott's enhanced reservation system going forward that's very early stages. So we are constantly looking at the next initiative that we can to drive top-line as well as bottom-line.
Jim Risoleo: Now, we can get back to you on that one. I don't have the comp numbers in front of me right now for next year.
Jim Risoleo: Well I think what has happened -- so let's take New York for a minute and just focus on that market. And then we can also talk about Seattle to say it's the same dynamic, but it's slightly different. Both of those markets have a lot of new supply. New York's new supply is I think it will be our forecast 28,000 rooms coming online this year – 28,000 29,000 rooms. Seattle just had a 1,300 room hotel opened in downtown Seattle. Seattle had less city-wides over the course of the year. So some of the lower-rated transient business did not show up in Seattle as well. And the same thing in New York, we saw lower-rated transient business not show up in New York. Both of those markets are driven by international inbound travel. We had seen a decline in international inbound travel from -- in particular from Canada and Mexico. And I think that's why you're seeing occupancy decline, but rates go up.
Jim Risoleo: With respect to international inbound Thomas -- very fine market obviously, but year-over-year according to the data from U.S. travel is flat.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you all for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our second quarter results and our 2019 outlook with you. We look forward to talking with you in a few months to discuss our third quarter results, as well as providing you with more insight into how 2019 is progressing. Have a great day. And a great rest of your summer.
Michael Bluhm: Yeah. I think that's a great point. I mean look, David the financing markets remain quite hot. And you've seen from a lot of our peers selling assets into it. It really has given the ability to drive pricing. I mean today in the CMBS market, you can still sort of get 75% LTV financing at really record low borrowing rate. And that's both from the single borrower as well as in the conduit market. And when you look in terms of the bank financing, you saw we just typically are one of the biggest branch in the company has done $2.5 billion of bank credit that market right in a low and longer environment we continue to -- that will continue to expect and be a big catalyst for the -- for borrowers and, again, also an environment where you're seeing a record low borrowing rates.
Michael Bluhm: Michael, a couple of things in there. So look first of all, I’d say that relates on -- we don't know necessarily what type of IRRs or buyers are I think they're buying at. We certainly have as Jim had pointed out; we have whole values that discount back the cash flows of properties as well as the capital requirements at our cost to capital. And when someone's paying a higher price in that then presumably they're getting a higher return and/or expect to get a higher return than what we think it's going to get. Look as it relates to the capital allocation, we took you through kind of what we bought in the open market as well as in the 10b5 and collectively sort of fair to say is kind of the weighted average price at sort of $18.04, which works out to about a 20% discount to consent NAV, which look in today's environment I think when you think about sort of -- some of the return profiles of a lot of the assets we look at in the past as well as the stuff that we're selling we think that's a pretty good use of capital.
Michael Bluhm: I want to make one adjustment -- hey Bill I just want to make one adjustment, because I'm working off a sheet here that it's net $27 million.
Michael Bluhm: Patrick, to Jim's point, I mean I think how much cash is tangible. And we're thinking about in the context of whether we're investing externally investing in our portfolio or buying back stock. We just talked about kind of where we brought back or close to $0.25 billion of stock certainly don't like that price, but like being a buyer at that price. But again, we have to take that into consideration there are other -- all of our capital investment opportunities.
Michael Bluhm: And Shaun the only thing I would add there is that for how the year shape up in 2020, we've got almost 60% of the room rents on the books already.
Michael Bluhm: Look I think as far with -- I think we've all learned a lot to the last recession about sort of really deploying resources quickly to adapt to changing fundamentals. I mean I think you saw that this quarter. We talked about it. I mean as soon as we started think these things slow down, we are very front footed and putting together action plans particularly around employee management. And as a result we're adding -- we were able to kind of adapt quickly. And when we sort of think about going is the extent of things are going to continue slowing down, we're going to be very quick to adapt. I'll give you a fair amount of -- a fair amount of how you came out of this quarter. I mean we kind of get a little bit more granular. We saw really interesting productivity gains in both rooms and food and beverage which was again very much of it prescribed by our hotel managers and our asset managers working with our managers to work around scheduling and sort of employee management better. I'm also very quick on inventory control around F&B and every facet really well and our cost of goods sold, cost structure and how that improved from last quarter. And look as we talked about last quarter, we did have a fair amount of gives and takes on the undistributed operating expense column whether with any due to related things or a lot coming out of the Starwood Marriott synergies that helped us enable to keep that below inflationary growth. And so what I think -- I think you're getting a feel for the way that we are approaching slowdowns and as you can expect sort of a similar proceeds until we slowdown any further.
Michael Bluhm: And then look Thomas as it relates to the forecast, I'll point you a couple of things. I mean, first of all, I'll start with it actually would be a record group room nights and we get 90% of our business -- we will give you the update on kind of how we're looking for 2019 and we get the 90% of the business on the books start there. And second, we spend a lot of time with our properties in the past -- over the past month or so really understanding what they're seeing in the individual markets? What they're seeing within their comp set? And how they're competitively positioned? What they're and certainly what those markets individually are experiencing. As we talked about, New York and Seattle were big drivers of the quarter. New York in particular, where I think, you get into sort of May. I think everyone was almost surprised by that market in particular. And so, as we thought about forecasting it was very much and sort of detailed bottoms-up analysis with our properties. Very thoughtful about the direction that thing has been heading in the past, couple of months. We carried that direction forward, and -- but certainly did not bring it down further, assuming a further decline. Beyond the type of -- the type of that we've been experiencing over the past few months. Again, I think we've seen from a lot of other companies as well, is getting the information we have in front of us today. And the outlook based on what we've seen over the past couple of months. And we shared that forward. And we think we were in pretty conservative in our outlook.
