Ed Walter: Yes, Smedes, that is a great question because we spent a fair amount of time talking to the operators to get a feeling for that. As best as we can tell, it seems like most of the cancellations were what I would describe as situational. So they were -- some cases there might have been a change around a product and so there was -- around the timing of her product launch. But in other cases it sounded as if certain companies were just trying to be thoughtful about the level of expense that they were incurring in 2016. And I attribute that in part to the weaker corporate profit numbers that we have seen. So it didn't feel as if it was thematic. It seemed like it was specific to the individual companies that had cancellations. What I took some comfort from was the fact that the cancellations that we are seeing were generally focused on 2016. We are not necessarily seeing any increase in cancellations related to 2017. So that tells me that it is a little bit more of a short term orientation and people are not necessarily backing away from their plans to have events down the road.
Ed Walter: Yes, I guess obviously this is a hotel that has been in our Company for a long period of time. And for those of you that know Washington DC, you probably know the hotel because you have driven by it a number of times on the GW Parkway. It really is a great location on the edge of Georgetown. And the views from the rooms are spectacular because you are looking right down the mall at all of the monuments. This was a land lease situation from the time the hotel was built. We have spent off and on the last 10 years negotiating with the owners of the foundation that owned the property in an effort to try to get complete control of the property. So I guess I would say it was opportunistic in the sense that we finally had -- they were finally motivated to sell and we finally had the opportunity to buy. We had a right of first refusal, which is essentially what we exercised on. So it was sort of if we were going to buy it, we needed to do it now. And I think as it relates to the opportunities for the property, there is, we believe, we haven't had extensive conversations with local officials yet. But we are fairly comfortable in believing that there is excess density associated with the site. So we are in the process now that we know we have control of the property, we are looking at a range of options that would include a complete scraping of the asset and a complete redevelopment of the entire parcel, which would involve for us probably selling off a number of those parcels to other parties. We are also potentially redeveloping a part of the hotel and then selling off portions of the hotel to third parties to develop either residential or office. So we are really in the midst of the effort right now to understand how to maximize the value. There is a lot of local interest in the site, local and national interest for that matter because of just the superb positioning of the property. So we will provide more of an update going forward as we have a clearer idea about how to maximize value for this property.
Ed Walter: Yes, I guess what I would say is it should, some of that depends upon how we pursue it. I think it is early to try to quote what the value of the underlying land might be. A lot of that is going to relate to what approach do we ultimately take.
Ed Walter: Yes, here is what I would say with this. I think overall we are still expecting that the four assets that we talked about earlier in the year are going to generate the improvement in EBITDA that we had forecasted. I would also tell you that in terms of looking at how we are going to get to that number, the ramp up in the first quarter, call it the first four or five months of the year was probably a bit slower than what we expected. But at this point we are generally in line with our expectation for where we expected to be with the properties. And I think we feel fairly confident about how that is going to play out for this year. And then we also expect that there will be an opportunity for incremental lift in 2017 simply because we are, in each instance for three of the four properties, the one in San Francisco, Camby in Phoenix and the Logan in Philadelphia, all of those because they were closed were essentially new hotels opening up in the beginning of this year and so they did not immediately jump to stabilized operating levels in the beginning of the year.
Ed Walter: I think that the discounts that the brands are offering to reward members is having a slight negative impact on RevPAR. My guess is that I think Arne was quoted yesterday in saying it was about 30 basis points to 40 basis points. And based on our conversations with them and others that seems to be about right. This certainly initially right now we are bearing some hit for the implementation of those programs. And I think the expectation in the long run though is that they will accomplish share shift. And obviously the cost of a reservation through the brand website is considerably less than what we might book through other third-party alternatives.
Ed Walter: Yes, I would say that one, we are not done with asset sales. We are still working on a number of transactions and would hope to complete some more. My also would probably say right now that at this stage I wouldn't necessarily be expecting to complete a $1 billion number within calendar year 2016 because I think some of the one of the sales that I think ultimately may prove to be more likely would be the sale of the Melbourne Hilton. But I have a feeling at this point that that sale is likely to be drag into 2017 as opposed to be completed this year. I think as I said in our prepared remarks, we are very happy with the overall sale program that we have implemented over the last 3.5 years. We would like to continue to sell assets in part because we would love to use the proceeds in the context of our stock buyback program. But we do want to make certain that we are getting pricing that we think makes sense. If you look at the sales that we have announced so far this year without even taking into account the capital spending that might have been required as part of the transition of that property, I would say to a franchise status, we were in the mid 7s in terms of a cap rate on those sales which frankly compares very favorably to where we are trading as a Company. And if I looked at the relative quality of what we were selling compared to what we are retaining, that relationship looks even more attractive.
Ed Walter: I think we have with the sales that we have completed, we do have I would say some extra cash that could be invested in the stock buyback. Some of that will obviously get tied into what our ultimate dividend requirement is going to be. And I think we are still interested in buying back stock. Obviously as you look at the price that we have paid in this most recent quarter, part of what governs our activity in the stock is where the stock price is. But I think we are still open to additional stock repurchase.
Ed Walter: Jeff, it is a good question. I would tell you that with maybe just a few exceptions, I would say that we have sold the bulk of the hotels that we would have started, when we looked at the, started to look at commencing a sale program three or four years ago, we sold the bulk of the hotels that we felt we were either quality reasons, capital reasons or likely underperformance of the market reasons. We sold the bulk of the hotels that we would like to do. There are a couple more that I think we would like to sell where we would view them as perhaps detractors in the long run from our likely performance. But not that many. I mean I am really talking about a small handful of hotels. So I would say that it ultimately moving past perhaps selling that handful of hotels, it really just comes down to a function of pricing and in a market that seems to be a little less robust than where it had been, I would probably say at this moment I am not as optimistic that we are necessarily going to be selling a lot of additional hotels unless we see pricing start to improve.
Ed Walter: Yes, I think it is a little bit dependent on the type of buyer that you are dealing with. So the international buyers tend to be looking more at long-term storage of value and tend to, what we have found in our conversations with them trends toward the higher quality assets. The financial buyers that are probably, are using more leverage than what we might necessarily use seems to me that they are primarily focused on a cash flow stream that will generate a fairly attractive rate of return and provide some cushioning against what might happen later in the cycle and trying to rely less on a growth in the value of the asset in terms of either certainly cap rate compression or just a significant increase in value down the road. So it seems to be it is much more around current cash flow in terms of a driver for them.
Ed Walter: Yes, let me try to address the first part of your question then come back to that. So I think what we indicated earlier in the year was that we certainly had very strong group bookings. And I think at the end of the first quarter as we look through the rest of the year, we thought we were up I think it was around 5% to 6%. And what we said at the time was because we were running so far ahead in terms of the prior year in terms of group bookings that to some degree there was just not as many nights in rooms that were still capable of being sold in a lot of those hotels for group. And so we were expecting that what would happen over the course of the year is that group would still be very strong but that it would generally fall to a level of production or from a revenue perspective that was consistent with the overall range of RevPAR guidance that we were providing at that point in time. So we were suggesting that yes, we might be up 5% to 6% right now but given at that point in time, we were talking 3% to 4% in terms of RevPAR. We expected the group revenues would ultimately moderate and be more in line with that level. If I were to look out today looking out for the rest of the year, I would say that what we generally were expecting was going to happen with group which was that the lead that we had over the prior year would probably condense a bit and that has happened. I think we still feel pretty confident about group for the second half of the year. I might on the margin say because we have seen a little bit of incremental weakness in short term group bookings that we are a hair less confident in terms of how group compares to what we thought in April. But by and large when we look at our booking pace through the remainder of the year and calibrate that with expectations of what we actually expect to generate, we still feel pretty good about our group business. When we look into next year, I would say that we are probably running a little bit behind. Our growth for '17 is not as strong as our growth for 2'16. Our growth for '16 thinking back to calendar '15 was sort of mid single digits for most of 2015. So we are behind in terms of a rate of growth but of course remember, we have been saying for a while, including a lot of last year, that the group bookings for 2016 were quite strong. We are still saying that our group bookings for 2017 are better than our group bookings for 2016. So we are slated to have a better year for group in terms of absolute amount of group nights and absolute group revenues in 2017. But that rate of improvement right now would be slightly lower than what we were forecasting a year ago for 2016.
Ed Walter: Sure. I would say that what we have found over the years was the best indicator for what was going to happen to corporate transient is generally tied to what is happening in terms of business investment. If investment activity is higher, travel seems to be -- business transient seems to be stronger. And while I didn't have much time to absorb the GDP report that came out early this morning, I did note that business investment was off in the second quarter and I think it might have even been off more than 2%. So, I wouldn't say that our approach to this is so scientific that we calibrated with our expectations for business investment would be for the second half of the year. I think that would presume too much. But we did assume, based on the data that we have been seeing and the outlook that we will see from people that spend their time forecasting that, is it generally was expected to be weaker. So, until that changes, we assume that corporate travel will probably, it will still be there but the growth and the demand from that side will not be as strong as it might have been in the past. And that is one of the reasons why, as we look at the transient side of our business, and I think it is clear from my comments that that is the part of our business that disappointed us in Q2, that is the part of our business that we think is weaker in the second half of the year. We are assuming that we will see weakness in corporate demand consequently push us more toward some of the more price sensitive segments of leisure discount business. And that is what underlies the fact that we are adjusting our RevPAR guidance down for the second half of the year and obviously for the full year.
Ed Walter: Correct. I would say that if you were trying to look at what might change this dynamic a little bit and lead to stronger growth, it would be improvement in corporate investment which could then turn around, and you know corporate travel reacts very quickly both down and up. So, to the extent that the investment side of their business starts to their perspective changes, they get more optimistic, that is the one place for upside too.
Ed Walter: Expect it to be negative? I think it is awfully early right now to try to provide an outlook relative to 2017. But what I can tell you that at least as a concern is that when we were looking at our bookings for next year, one of the markets that was has been weakest in terms of bookings for 2017 was San Francisco. So, there is clearly going to be some impact from the closing of the the construction activity around the convention center.
Ed Walter: I would say it is a combination of both. So if I look across our different segments, I would say that in the lower price segments, government or in some of our discount segments, we actually had fairly strong rate growth. So for instance, our government business from a rate perspective was up 4.4%. And our discount business was up about 3%. So we saw a good jump in those segments. Where we saw ,if we did see, as our highest price business in retail and some of the, that segment, we did see some rate decline. So I would tell you at the end of the day it is a combination of both. The good news is the segments we did more we had growth in also had higher rate. So that is positive. The downside is that the actual rates of business, the rate that we charge those customers tends to be lower than the rate that we would charge our most expensive retail customer. So it was a combination of at the top level some weakness, some negative rate growth combined with a lot of rate shift, mix shift.
Ed Walter: I don't know that we are necessarily seeing right now that the booking window is shorter. I mean I, we are, as we have reached higher occupancy levels, we have generally seen the booking window extended. And we are still seeing even looking out to 2018, we are still seeing good growth in our group business. So I don't know that we would necessarily sit here and say that we think the window has shortened so far this year.
Ed Walter: Harry, that is a good question. And I am trying to think back. Certainly the last two downturns, my guess is is that your general assumption is that once it rolled over, it continued to head down. Now what is different though is that in both of those last two cycles in 2001, it had started to go negative in the beginning of the year and then obviously we had the attack on 9/11 followed by SARS followed by the war. So we sort of had, once things went a little south, I don't know that we necessarily got a chance to see how the economic environment was going to play out in kind of in this context. There was a lot of other events that intervened to create a problem. And of course the financial recession had somewhat of a similar tempo to it. So coming back to what we might expect this time, I do think that if you look at what the Fed just said in what they came out with earlier this week, I don't know that they are necessarily acting or speaking in the context of thinking that the economy is about to roll over. I have a feeling just sort of if looking at this through my own lens is that part of what Corporate America is trying to figure out is what does Brexit mean, what does this unsettled -- these attacks that have happened across the world, who in the world is going to be the next President of the United States and what exactly -- what policies are they going to pursue? So I can't -- the last thing I am going to try to do is predict the future in terms of economics. But I could look at this and say that if the Fed is right that the underlying economy is actually fairly healthy, then if companies had a different perspective about some of these issues that I think do affect people's willingness to invest, I think there is an opportunity to see corporate investment improve. I believe that the consensus forecast for next year does call for some slight improvement in business investment, not robust but some slight improvement. So not that they have necessarily been right at all through this cycle, but if they were right, then that might offer an opportunity to see some improvement.
Ed Walter: Checking my data on that. The most recent blue-chip consensus talks about corporate investment next year at 3.1%. So that was down a little bit from where it had been the prior quarter but still pretty positive. So I think that will be -- in our mind based on given that we see that being a fairly influential indicator for us, we will have to see how that plays out.
Ed Walter: Generally what we have done is tie our dividend to our taxable income. So one of the biggest drivers there would be we would need to see our taxable income continue to increase. We have generated incremental taxable income as a result of our asset sales. And so one of the things we will provide more clarity on I would expect at our next conference call is the degree to which we would have a special dividend. I would say that certainly in terms of thinking about the dividend long term, we are certainly focused on having a dividend set at a level that we are comfortable in maintaining even to the extent we might go through a period of weakness. And we are certainly comfortable at the level we are at today that we could do that.
Ed Walter: Yes, I think we were not necessarily expecting that July would be any stronger than what we had seen in Q2 but we do have very strong group bookings in August. And we have strong group bookings in September. I think as you were I think alluding to there a part of that is due to the fact that the Jewish holidays have shifted into October. So we are not necessarily expecting acceleration in July but we do expect a strong August and September.
Ed Walter: I don't know that we have necessarily identified a trend. I mean the two trends that we have seen is that sometimes a market like Washington will end up with a little bit softer business in the fourth quarter because when you are having a nationwide election, most of the elected officials tend to be out of the city. And since that they draw for business in Washington, we've sometimes seen some softening of business in DC related to that. We have generally seen that the election week ends up being relatively slow on the group side because at least larger groups are reluctant to schedule an event that would overlap Election Day. And so that is one of the reasons why we have indicated really for the last couple of quarters now we have highlighted the fact that we were not overly confident about the fourth quarter. One reason is the holiday shift but the other was the fact that we felt that this Election Day would be one that groups would be reluctant to book in. So, I think what we are going to find when we get to the fourth quarter, not to get too far ahead of ourselves here, is that you are going to see some incredibly strong weeks because group is going to be very compacted into the sort of the open weeks of that quarter and then those weeks that are affected either by the election or by the holiday will probably be fairly weak.
Ed Walter: Well, I don't know that that we don't have a precise forecast right now. But you've correctly identified exactly what we are trying to do. We do have a very good meeting platform there. We are trying to take full advantage of it to offset the loss of business that we might otherwise have gotten if the convention center had been not under construction and fully available.
Ed Walter: I am not certain that, I think we are still going to end up finding that we have a weaker year in San Francisco and that group bookings are going to probably at the Marquis will probably be down for the full year. I just think that we do enough business that is associated with the convention center that we have we do have a great meeting platform but I don't know that it is big enough to completely replace all of the citywide business. The one thing I would say though is that while the convention business will be off in San Francisco, we do think we have a very attractive hotel or hotels that are in great locations in that market. So, we are going to have a it is going to be a struggle to overcome some of the weakness on the group side but we are in good locations from a transient perspective too.
Ed Walter: Yes, we are seeing San Francisco as being -- or San Diego, rather, being quite strong the second half of the year and I think we believe that carries into next year too. I mean San Diego should be one of our best markets in the second half of the year.
Ed Walter: Yes, I think in general what we are -- the pattern that we have seen the last few years is that there is of course estimates from the experts in terms of what is going to happen with supply growth for the beginning of the year. And then normally what seems to happen is by the time we get to this point in the year or a little bit later, we begin to realize that the supply growth that is actually going to materialize is slightly less just because projects have a tendency to be delayed. And so this year I think we started off the year thinking that nationwide supply was probably going to be just under 2 and now it feels like it might be more in that 1.6, 1.7 range, which is not a huge difference. But still on the margin, a little bit better. So that is sort of 2016. We are expecting that supply next year will increase somewhat. I think we see that both across the industry and we also see that in the upper price points in the top 20 markets. So again I would say we are probably expecting the industry supply to be a little bit over 2 and probably expect that the supply in the top 20 markets is a little bit higher than that. I would also guess though that at some point we are going to see the same sort of lengthening of the delivery time for that supply which will hopefully maybe pull back down a little bit. New York continues, New York and Houston and Miami tend to be the markets that continue to see the strongest supply. Seattle might be one more that falls into that category. We are seeing while supply for New York will continue to be robust and a lot of it is under construction, my sense in looking at the data was we were seeing fewer projects that were projected to start in the next 12 months and fewer projects in planning. So we are hoping that that may signal a return to some level of rationality around New York supply. But we are not going to see the benefits of that in 2017.
Ed Walter: I think it was right around that same level, maybe a percent or so higher. Again as I have said in the past, this is a little bit of an imprecise science. But I think in looking back at our comments for the prior quarter, we were probably, we might have been just a hair higher in terms of Q1. And some of that would be reflective of the fact that the relationship between the US dollar in some of those other currencies is you are starting to lap over when we had an impact last year.
Ed Walter: Great, well thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciated the opportunity to review our second-quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. We look forward to providing a further update during our third-quarter call in November. Have a great weekend. And travel often for the remainder of the summer. If you haven't looked at our website lately, it has got some great suggestions on places to stay. Bye.
Greg Larson: And, Smedes, as I mentioned in my comments, we actually expect Q3 to be pretty strong for our Florida hotels.
Greg Larson: And, Rich, the only thing I would add is if you are looking at our press release you can see our non-comp hotels actually had a decline in RevPAR for the quarter and that was primarily due to two big hotels. As you know, Denver Tech is under renovation right now and that is a fairly large hotel with over 600 rooms. And the RevPAR for that hotel is down over 30%. And then the Hyatt San Francisco, again another big hotel, 789 rooms, that hotel also had a RevPAR decline of 18%. So those two hotels are really driving the negative RevPAR in the non comp hotel set right now.
Greg Larson: I mean look, it is certainly going to impact the second half of this year and certainly next year. But I don't have an exact number for you. But we are within our guidance that we gave today for our portfolio, 2% to 3% RevPAR growth, we are actually modeling San Francisco to have a slight to be slightly negative in the second half of the year.
Greg Larson: Wes, you really picked the most two extreme markets; DC has a very, very strong group booking pace for next year but then as Ed just mentioned, San Francisco is fairly weak for next year.
