W. Edward Walter: David, we don't have September yet. We haven't really gotten much of the reporting in on a number of the monthly hotels at this point in time. I think our sense of what calendar would be for us for the third quarter would be just short of 6%. So still a pretty good quarter relative to the industry, but I think you're right in identifying it's not quite as strong as our headline number.
W. Edward Walter: No, I think, we had recognized a while ago that the timing of the Jewish holidays both sort of affecting group travel during the week and I think the prior year, one of the holidays, I believe, was on the weekend and the other was near the -- better positioned within the week. We knew it was going to be a difficult comparison year-over-year. So there was -- there really hasn't been any surprise out of that. It obviously does not look great when you get a few weeks. But to be honest, as we tried to highlight in our comments relative to the -- in our outlook, I think the fourth quarter -- we feel very good about the fourth quarter in general. So especially these last 3 months of the year, our bookings are very strong. Our transient bookings are very strong. So we don't see what happened in September as a sign of weakness for the fourth quarter. We think it was simply one of those year-over-year problems that happens in our business. We -- I think everyone should recognize that it probably will be a bit of a choppy fourth quarter because between the other items that we mentioned, Halloween, the election, early Hanukkah, all of those things are going to cause the results, I think, to be more abnormal than normal. And so we're going to see some great weeks and we're going to see some not so great weeks. But overall, as we assess it, and we obviously, we improved our guidance based on both the third quarter strength, but also the sense that the fourth quarter overall would continue to be strong.
W. Edward Walter: I would suspect that at the corporate level, it will be the latter. Is that their corporate activity will be more condensed, and that may mean that other hotels benefit than might normally not have. The overall, as we look at the quarter, we are still expecting group to be, certainly, up meaningfully in the fourth quarter. We do not expect group to be as strong in Q4 as it was in Q3 but that we had a pretty remarkable Q3 in group.
W. Edward Walter: So that's a good reason for that to have dropped. As we look at 2013, I would say that while we are certainly happy with the disposition pricing that we seem to be attracting on the asset that we're looking at selling, I also think that we -- still fairly comfortable, but this is going to be an extended cycle. And so, I would expect that we would continue to be active in 2013. Whether it's we're net acquirer or a net seller probably depends more on how attractive are the actual acquisition opportunities that develop over the course of 2013. But I think, by and large, our intent is to continue to be active in the year. And if I were -- if I try to plan it out perfectly, I'd probably say we'd probably be about neutral in 2013. In New York, the supply challenges in New York continue. Our sense is that they are going to slowly but surely abate. When we look at our New York results, I mean, some of the softness that we experienced this year was relative to supply, but a lot of it is relative to levels of construction that just hit practically every hotel we have in the market. I think literally every hotel had some sort of construction going on this summer. So we still feel pretty good about New York. We certainly like the presence, the hotels that we've acquired in that market. We feel good about how they are positioned. We are certainly looking forward to seeing what our operating results will be next year with full rooms renovation at the Westin -- the W Union Square. The Helmsley will be open for business with no construction. The W in Lexington has also had some construction this year, that it won't be replicated next year. We're feeling pretty good about how New York should play out next year for us.
W. Edward Walter: Joe, I don't know that we're in a position to give you a precise answer on what the impact is from capital from one year to the next. I mean, it's so much is dependent upon the particular hotel that certainly, we know that there has been impact this year. We have had a very full capital program in 2012. And so whether it's in New York or whether it affects some other markets across the country -- San Francisco had a fair amount of work done there, too -- it's really hard for us to give you any kind of a legitimate number there. I would say that as we are in the process now of discussing our capital budgets for next year with our operators, and I think we're fairly comfortable that our capital spending in 2013 will decline compared to the levels that we had in 2012, and it should be by a fairly significant amount.
W. Edward Walter: I'd love to give you that answer, but we are -- we literally concluded with Hyatt that we were going to wait until we had really finished all the documentation and a couple of other issues before we were going to provide more detail. So we'd obviously love to talk about it a little bit more. It's a project that we've worked on for a long time. It's a tremendous use of some available land at that property. But I think we're just going to need to wait a few more weeks before we give any more specific details.
W. Edward Walter: I think what I would tell you is it was -- a lot of the increase there was at this particular quarter, the benefit from currency. We did have -- there was -- it was a positive RevPAR growth on a year-over-year basis, but certainly, some of the lift that we saw there came from currency, too.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I would say it was 2 things. I think what was a -- the first was that, as the booking cycles lengthened a little bit, at least in comparison to prior years, maybe not in comparison to historical times back in the earlier part of the last decade. But I'd say our -- the rooms that we had booked in the -- for the third quarter held up very well, meaning that at the end of the day, our group demand for the third quarter didn't -- and we booked almost as many rooms in the quarter as we had the prior year. And so, at the end of the day, we hadn't really expected that our final group revenue growth would be nearly 10% in the third quarter. I think that was really the big positive surprise from our perspective. And so it was the combination of continuing to book rooms in the quarter, for the quarter, and then, as we discussed, that gave us -- it gave the properties the opportunity to be fairly aggressive on rate. So what you ended up seeing in a variety of different ways is we had better retail business and our overall rate growth in all segments was relatively strong. But ultimately, I think it all -- for us, it all started with the group.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I think there's a couple of things going on there. Some of that is we have found -- we have accelerated, in some cases, some CapEx into 2012 that we might have thought was going to carry -- end up occurring in 2013. And I think that happened both on the maintenance side and a little bit on some of the properties where we were doing acquisition CapEx. So I wouldn't call it -- I don't think there was any new projects that were approved. It was really just a function of whether things were going to happen before year end or after year end.
W. Edward Walter: It's a little bit of that. I think one of the -- so probably, the best example of that is what Larry was describing on the real estate tax front. At the end of the day, our year-to-date taxes have grown at less than inflation. But we're still expecting, by the end of the year, to be up close to 6% in terms of taxes. So part of what's happening is the bulk of that increase in taxes is occurring in the fourth quarter. We have a little bit of the same sort of thing happening with insurance, too. And so it -- what I would say overall is that the combination of a couple of things like these items that are ending up being heavy in the fourth quarter, which we've always anticipated, is just that -- I think it shows up a bit more now because of the strength that we had during the summer in terms of margins, are causing the problem. The other element of it is that as you look at food and beverage and you look at other revenue, probably not quite as optimistic there as we were earlier in the year. And so a little bit lower revenue growth there is also weighing slightly on margins in that relative context. I think coming back to the -- probably the most fundamental point though is when we look at where we started in the year, which was well -- the mid-point in our guidance was well below 100 basis points in margin improvement, and looking at where we are now, where we're in the 135 to 150 range of improvement, we couldn't be happier with the progress that we've been able to make on improving our flow-through over the course of 2012.
W. Edward Walter: No, the reality is that we did. I think we try to approach all of these numbers with what we hope is a balanced level of conservatism. But I think at the end of the day, we've been pleasantly -- if you look at the top line, the top line has actually grown more than we had expected at the beginning of the year too. We started the year thinking 4% to 6%, and now we're talking -- so call it a mid-point of 5%. And now we're looking at a mid-point in our RevPAR that's in the upper 6s. So I think it's -- that's a huge contributor to the improvement and just because a lot of that's happened in rate, which flows through very well. Larry commented on a couple of areas where we've been happy in terms of what's transpired. We saved money in real estate taxes that we hadn't counted on. I've been very happy with the efforts that we've made on the asset management side in working with our operators to, especially over the course of these last 2 or 3 quarters, our unallocated costs or support costs -- G&A, sales and marketing, repair and maintenance -- all of those numbers have stayed fairly low over these last 3 quarters, and I think that's contributed to margins. And then the last factor that is so hard to predict but certainly has been a huge benefit this year, is the reduction in utility costs. We've seen reductions in rates. It's remarkable to me that as hot as this summer was, at least from the perspective we had here in Washington, it's remarkable to think with fully occupied hotels, our energy consumption actually declined. And it's good to see that the investments we've made in energy efficiency are paying off in terms of less consumption, which is part of the reason why our utility costs are down as much as they are.
W. Edward Walter: I think, right now, it's really going to be driven by what looks to provide the best opportunity. So certainly, we still expect that the bulk of our investment is going to happen in the States. As you can tell from the purchase of the Nuremberg hotel, we're still looking in Europe and our partners are still very interested in trying to buy there. We're not seeing a lot of competition there. And we appear to be one of the few firms that are active there that can access financing, so we do have some competitive advantages there. But we're also at the same point in time trying to be somewhat cautious in the way we approach Europe for all the reasons that I'm sure are obvious. So I think we continue to be interested in looking at investments in Brazil. And we are pursuing some investments in Asia, too. But I'd still come back to the main point that as I think about '13, if it could work out the way I'd like it to, I would expect that the bulk of the sales proceeds we generate would go towards investments in the U.S.
W. Edward Walter: I think we're still seeing it, although it's -- I don't know that we saw it as much during the summer. But I think some of that relates to the type of business that you tend to get in the summer in group anyway, which tends to be a little bit lower priced. So we'll get a better read on that in terms of what happens in the fourth quarter. One trend that we have had described to us that's consistent with what you just described is that the groups continue to not necessarily commit to a lot of food and beverage unless they're forced to. But we're still hearing of instances where they are showing up and a week or 2 out starting to raise their F&B spend. So I think it will be interesting to see exactly where food and beverage spend comes out in the fourth quarter. It is notoriously difficult to predict, despite the fact that we do try to do that every quarter. And certainly, the fourth quarter this year, just because of some of the holiday issues and other things, it's probably a little bit more complex than normal.
W. Edward Walter: I want to be careful about doing it backdoor. But I think it should have been clear from the comments that I made at the end of my prepared remarks is that we're not putting a specific number on it. We feel really good about next year. It's just hard to -- you look at our starting point, where we're expecting that we're going to have more occupied rooms at the end of this year than we did in '07, we'll still be short of where we were in 2000 -- in 1999 and 2000. So we'd still see room to grow on the occupancy side. We don't think we've peaked there. But given the starting point of that high level of occupancy, combined with the level of group activity that we're expecting based on our advanced bookings, we see some occupancy increase and we see a lot of rate increase next year. So all in all, we're not seeing any signs that make us less bullish on 2013. We feel good about it at this point, and we obviously will look forward to giving a lot more insight into that in our February call as we get into 2013.
W. Edward Walter: I always hesitate to say -- to answer that and say, "No, we don't expect any." Because inevitably, we're surprised at some point in time with some effect. But the reality is, is we think that the activity that they're going to have is separate enough from what's going on at the hotel that we would expect it to be fairly minimal.
W. Edward Walter: No, that's a great question and a great thought. But we're -- if you kind of look at where we stand right now, we are still -- we're actually doing more transient business today on an occupancy basis than we were in '07. We're still doing less group business than we were in '07. So I think as we think about what's likely to drive the most overall profitability in our hotel, more group is -- would be a benefit to us. Not only is -- it's not just a rate game, because remember that we do get better food and beverage spend -- more profitable food and beverage spend out of groups. So increasing our group -- our overall percentage of our business's group will be helpful from that standpoint. But also, on the transient side, what will happen as we continue to add group into the hotel is, what we'll be displacing is not the highly rated corporate transient, we'll be displacing the more lowly rated discount transient. And so the net effect is that we should benefit, not only from higher absolute rates, but also from some mix shift because of that.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, it's interesting, Smedes. It's a good question. And as, first of all, as it relates to Nuremberg. We were -- this was a very unique opportunity. It developed very quickly. And we had an opportunity to buy the hotel because we had previously bought hotels from this group and we had been able to close relatively expeditiously. So I think they had a high level of confidence in our ability to purchase the hotel and purchase it quickly. We bought it all cash. We intend to finance it. And while, as I mentioned, it's not easy necessarily to get financing in Europe, the nice thing is that because it's a smaller German-based asset, there is a fairly liquid market in Germany that will provide the sort of 50% loan-to-value financing that we like to put on our assets in the JV. So we're expecting to be able to finance that at rates that would actually sound attractive in the U.S., so somewhere probably south of 4%. The pricing here was -- we also thought was fairly attractive. We bought this for about a 10 EBITDA multiple. Cap rate was 8.5 or so. So I think all the measures about this deal, for an asset that we're buying significantly below replacement cost in a great location within the city, all sort of came together pretty well. Not every deal that we're looking at in Europe, of course, has these kinds of metrics. But I think we feel relatively good about the pricing that we're looking at in Europe on the transactions we're evaluating. And wherever, we are certainly looking at things with a conservative eye for this year and next and really sort of thinking more in terms of returning to stabilized levels of growth much further out. I would tell you that the market is not extremely active, in part because most of the folks that are selling are doing it because they have a real reason to do it, either their fund is expiring or they have debt coming due. So I would say there's not a lot of normal sellers in the market. It's more a case of motivated sellers.
W. Edward Walter: Well, if you, I guess, here's how I'd look at this. As we started -- as we start off a year, we would expect that probably about 70% or so of our group rooms would be on the books at that point in time.
W. Edward Walter: I think we've been running in the 37% to 38% range the last couple of years. I think we're probably going to be pushing back up towards 39% or 40% this year. Interesting to see where it ultimately comes out.
W. Edward Walter: I think one of the things that we were pleased to see develop over the course of the summer was the significant increase in our corporate group. That has -- that was the -- that segment of our business that dropped the most in the downturn and has generally been recovering the best during the course of the last 3 years. So that continues to be the area where we've seen the biggest improvement. Our association business has been, I'd say, a bit more inconsistent. Some quarters have been really strong, and other quarters, it has not been as strong. The corporate group is the area that tends to make the decision probably in the shortest term, and that's been the area that's been growing the most.
W. Edward Walter: I think the only changes that -- I think everybody should read our comments. We continue to see group get better and better. I mean, if I look at the way this year's played out, I -- we are certainly, pleasantly surprised by how strong group has been this year, far better than what we saw last year. When we look at 2013, each quarter, as we look at the booking pace for the -- for 2013, our -- the percentage that revenues booked is ahead of the prior year has continued to increase as we worked our way through the quarter. So we have been -- in the beginning of the year, we were in the low-single digits. So at this point now, we're up over 8% in terms of our -- the revenues that are on the books for next year. So that's been strong. I suspect we'll see the same sort of progress in 2014. So overall, we've been very happy with what we've seen on the group side. And from our perspective, it continues to strengthen.
W. Edward Walter: Well, that's a great question. That is still in play right now. I think -- the way I -- probably, the only right way to answer that at this point is to say we continue to feel very comfortable about the value of our investment relative to the value of the underlying portfolio. Certainly, the folks that own that portfolio have been actively looking to sell it. And I think it will be interesting to see what plays out over the course of the next 60 to 120 days.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, they are, Josh. We think it's a -- we actually think it's a very good portfolio. You've got one of the best group hotels in Paris included in there. You've got a very good corporate transient hotel in the middle of the La Défense part of Paris, which is really their version of an edge city outside of Paris where a lot of their major corporations are based. There's a wonderful Renaissance in downtown Paris. As I mention that, now there's smiles around the table because everybody that's seen that hotel likes it. And then the other larger hotel that's part of that portfolio is a Renaissance in Amsterdam, which has just been completely renovated in the last couple of years. It's in a great spot in Central Amsterdam. So this is a portfolio that we had under contract in the past. And we ended up not buying it for a variety of reasons back in '08. But we liked it then and it's a portfolio that, if it worked out that way, we'd be happy to own it today.
W. Edward Walter: I think that, too, is -- we've agreed to certain levels of confidentiality, at least initially with Vornado. So it's a somewhat complex mechanism for how the valuation would be calculated at the time that either they would call the interest or we would put it to them. But so I can't get into more detail. I wish I could. But I think part of what we were trying to convey with the comments at -- my prepared comments is that we are very excited about both that transaction and moving forward with the timeshare in Hawaii. That is valued that, for all intents and purposes, I don't think it's being at all recognized in the value of our company right now. But it's meaningful. And it's pretty exciting to think that the work that we've put into this over the last 18 months on each of these projects -- $0.5 billion is a lot of money or a lot of -- or $400 million to $500 million is a lot of money to add to the value of a company.
W. Edward Walter: Well, thank you all for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss what we thought were very good third quarter results with you. We look forward to talking with you in February to discuss both our year-end results and give you much more detailed insights into 2013. Have a great day.
Larry K. Harvey: Yes. The actual acquisition cost on the Grand Hyatt was lower than we expected. So that was part of the forecast. So that's the reason for that.
Larry K. Harvey: Those are the 2 bond deals that we are focused on, but we don't have a short-term plan to do that right now, Wes. It's something -- we've refinanced a lot of debt. Ed talked a little bit about asset sales and other things, but at the end of the day, we expect to generate a fair amount of free cash flow and other things. So we'll evaluate as appropriate with the market where the credit markets are. But we had a great year on the refinancing side and dropping our weighted average interest rate, getting that weighted average debt maturity over 5. So it's something we evaluate on an opportunistic basis. And those are 2 with a little bit of a bullet on them, so.
Larry K. Harvey: Yes, I didn't do the math, Josh. It wasn't significant. I mean, it's one hotel. It's a very small part of a portfolio of 104 comp hotels. I can have someone run it and send it off to you.
