James Risoleo: So I think, we are very thoughtful in our reevaluation of our prior forecast. I would tell you that we expected as we move through the quarter that group would weaken. As you may recall, we started the year with group up 2%. We saw a strengthening in February to 3%, and then we saw it weakening down to 1.7%. At this point in time, I think, we’re comfortable with providing our guidance of 02% RevPAR growth. I think if you step back and look at the comments with respect to the first quarter, the fourth quarter and the respective holiday shift. Second and third quarter is really going to be weak; but as we looked at group booking pace, we took that into account and that’s why we have affirmed our guidance for the year.
James Risoleo: I don’t think it’s any market in particular, right. I mean when we looked at it, again we had certain markets that were quite strong this year, this quarter. Yes, I’m looking at it as I’m talking to you now; I don’t think it’s in any particular market.
James Risoleo: Anthony, it is available to us. And in fact that’s just a strategy we took last year. Where we had holes in occupancy because the high-end business traveler didn’t show up, we were able to fill in with either lower rated group or more Government and other lower rated business and that’s the same strategy we’re pursuing this year.
James Risoleo: Just to reaffirm what we said on the first quarter call, we discussed this very topic with respect to the fact that special corporate have not shown up. We indicated we were cautiously optimistic that they in fact would show up. And that’s based on the forecast for business investments and the forecast for corporate profit. But the simple fact of the matter is, is that we haven’t seen that happen today and that’s another reason why we’ve elected to keep our guidance in 02%.
James Risoleo: Patrick, when we think about San Francisco, obviously our hotel are down 63 [ph] was worse than the SAAR data for the industry. So, because of that I actually think our Q2 could be slightly better than our down 63. You might be right though, for the industry could be a little bit weaker in Q2 than in Q1. I do think that that at least based on our group booking pace, you know our best quarter of the year at least in our forecast when we think about San Francisco is actually Q3.
James Risoleo: You know, we have seen continued strength in 2018 pace. However, we think it’s too early to really provide any guidance. It’s too early in the year and what we’ve – if history repeats itself which it likely will, there will be some slippage in terms of what’s on the books today. I would tell you the numbers today looks pretty good.
James Risoleo: Yes, that’s a great question Shaun. We had a meeting with our major operator Merlin International over the last couple of weeks to discuss group booking pace. I will tell you that we have today 85% of the group business is on the books for 2017. And I think that there is a general strategy that if we can find group business in an attractive price point that we will take it today. Now that said, if you think back to the trend that we’ve seen over the first quarter where we started it, two went to three, and we’re down at 1.7, these are said and done sometime, but it’s something that we’re keenly focused on.
James Risoleo: Well, I think that there are a couple of things that drove margin improvements in general this year, Chris. And then I’ll come back to your question regarding food and beverage. We have been time motion studies throughout the portfolio and those studies are not done yet, but we have really gone through the bigger hotels and we’ve rolled out the same process now to our smaller hotels. So what has driven our margin performance by and large is productivity gains and productivity gains both in hotel operations i.e. rooms productivity and undistributed, as well as food and beverage. Food and beverage productivity or food and beverage margin gain this year is up 330 basis points, that’s a combination of just the sheer increase in volume, but also in very strong productivity gains and really a decrease in food and beverage cost.
James Risoleo: I think what we’re trying – we will definitely see benefit from the Marriott-Starwood acquisition. We’re looking forward in a number of different places, Tom. First and foremost, I think that it is immediate as the travel agent costs with respect to the OTA. Marriott had a much stronger deal than Starwood did, with Expedia and Booking.com and we expect that that is going to benefit us over the course of 2017 and 2018. Another area that we feel we will see benefit over time, does relate to procurement cost. The sheer size of the combined company will enable Marriott to drive a better deal for a good to be provided to the hotel. Lastly, we continue to see Marriot make improvements in operations, they are running the properties tighter than Starwood did, so we’re optimistic that that should continue to flow through to us and better margin performance as we move forward. On the other side of it, you didn’t ask the question for sake [ph], but I think that the fact that Marriott has a fantastic sales engine, group sales engine is going to benefit us going forward, as well as the combination of the two rewards programs which when combined will have over 100 million members and they’re adding about 1 million members a month. So all-in-all, we’re very happy about the Marriott-Starwood acquisition. Going back to the rewards program alone, I mean, Marriott – this will impact the rewards program. Marriott is in the process of negotiating a new credit card deal, which we think will benefit us as well to lower credit card commissions. So those are some of the things that we’re looking at as we move throughout 2017 and into 2018.
James Risoleo: I think that’s right Tom. I mean it really was the effect of our – and we work very closely with our operators and we worked hard together to drive productivity improvements and to keep a tight lid on food and beverage costs. You know our time motion studies that we implemented at the hotels have been meaningful and we’ve seen a meaningful uptick in productivity to allow us to outperform on the margin perspective to the tune of 85 basis points in EBITDA margin increase in first quarter.
James Risoleo: No, I don’t think there’s a strategy to move away from Marriott. As I said, we are very comfortable and think that they are – they are the best is the space. I mean they were great before Starwood and now with their increased scale for a number of the reasons that I mentioned just a moment ago, we’re very comfortable with Marriott and we love the relationship we have with them. I think when we think about acquisitions and dispositions, every deal we do, whether it’s a sale or an acquisition is with an eye toward enhancing shareholder value. And when we think about diversity, we think more about geographic diversity. As we look at balancing the portfolio among various markets and not necessarily looking at brand at the outset.
James Risoleo: Well, I’ll answer the first question last. I don’t think it’s being valued fairly. With respect to the underlying quality of the assets that we have in the portfolio, when you look at the Don and the W, they are truly iconic assets that are exceptionally difficult, if not impossible to duplicate. And when we think about how we can enhance shareholder value, we take a very disciplined approach to any investment opportunity or frankly any sale that might – sale opportunity that might present itself. By looking carefully at where we are in the cycle, underwriting the asset appropriately, and taking it to account all capital needs of the property as we look out over a ten-year period of time. And solving for a hurdle rate of return to our cost of capital that is at 100 basis points to 150 basis points at a minimum and higher depending on the risk profile in the transaction. So there’s a lot of fact that goes into every deal that we underwrite and every acquisition that we make as we go forward. And I think that when you look at the metrics on both of these deals, they are very unique metrics. The Holly – the W out of the box is going to be top five in the portfolio. And if you think about our hotels, another – and newer hotel, I mean the W is a new property, the Don had a significant investment, completed before we bought the hotel. But if you think about something like the W with a RevPAR that the hotel generates, that would lead to the conclusion that your owner’s funding CapEx is going to be relatively de minimis compared to other properties, compared to lower RevPAR hotels, compared to properties that are older, that might need more money, so there’s a lot that goes into our decision on every acquisition opportunity.
James Risoleo: Hey, Wes, I’m sorry, I thought you were talking about in total and San Francisco, what I just told – talked about was our entire portfolio.
James Risoleo: If you think about just San Francisco, yes, we have, like I mentioned earlier, we have some in-house group activity in Q3. And so because of that, I think, our hotel in the third quarter should – our hotel in San Francisco should perform much better than what the performance that you witnessed here in the first quarter.
James Risoleo: Well, the interesting thing about San Francisco is even though our hotels in San Francisco had a decline of 6.3%. We actually had at the Marriott Marquis and San Francisco, we actually had a very strong group that generated very strong food and beverage growth for that hotel.
James Risoleo: Robin, it’s a great question, and we didn’t comment on it. I think that we are very cognizant of some of the tailwinds that the lodging sector is going to face, given some supply considerations that we’re looking at for 2017 and 2018. And also did add spreads on potential acquisition as we look at the landscape out there. So I don’t have a definitive answer for you today, because we are, as Greg mentioned before, in addition to having the ability to acquire hotels, we will also opportunistically sell hotels. And if the stock price drops to a level, where we feel the right decision is to buy back shares, we’ll certainly do that. So, as I mentioned, the – our guidance for the balance of the year includes the two dispositions, the sale of share to Memphis and the sale of their home in Melbourne, and it includes the acquisitions we completed year-to-date. We have not included any further sales, or dispositions in the guidance.
James Risoleo: We haven’t seen – that’s a great question. We haven’t seen any deterioration in yield index on the Marriott Hotels. And the given the group sales engine that Marriott has in-house, which is very powerful, we would expect to see more RevPAR index improvement on some of our bigger shares in hotels going forward.
James Risoleo: Thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to provide you with more insight into how 2017 is playing out on our second quarter call this summer. And I’m sure, I’ll see a lot of you and NAREIT in New York. Have a great day.
Gregory Larson: Yes, and Smedes, if you look at that, the same thing sort of happened to us last year too, right. We started with group revenues on our books at one level and then as we moved throughout the year, the groups that booked sort of in the year, for the year were a little bit weaker than the prior year. And so, as a result, the group revenues that we had, group still outperformed transient in 2016; but the group level at the end of the year was just lower than where we started. So, as Jim mentioned, right, we started the year at 2% on the group side and when we gave guidance of 0% to 2%, we were certainly expecting that the bookings in the year, for the year would be a little bit weaker and would bring that group revenue numbers down.
Gregory Larson: Yes, in fact Anthony, if you – just to build on what Jim just said, I mean if you think about it, our occupancy ended here in this first quarter at 75.8%. For our first quarter occupancy, you’d have to go all the way back to the first quarter of 2000 to see a higher occupancy level. So, again it’s pretty easy in this environment to replace the business with other business; but as we talk about before, right, I mean what we would love to see at some point this year is to see the corporate, special corporate customer come back and the business traveler to come back, because at that point we would be able to have a higher rated customer. There would be a positive mix shift and then we could produce a higher rate growth and therefore higher RevPAR growth.
Gregory Larson: Yes, I think that’s the good news Jim and others is that, even though there certainly are some forecasts as Jim mentioned, corporate profits looks strong, business investments looks strong, our group revenues are sitting here up at 1.7%, which is sort of near the high-end of our RevPAR guidance. I think we ignored a lot of those positives and just really focused on the fact that supply is increasing at touch this year. And like I said, we ignored those positives in giving guidance of 0% to 2%.
Gregory Larson: For April, you know we’re expecting because of the holiday shift. We’re expecting actually April for us that actually have a decline in RevPAR.
Gregory Larson: Yes, Jim, I think that’s 85% of the group business that we ultimately think that we’re – sorry that was like – it’s a good number. You know, I also think, Shaun, you mentioned that the group bookings are I think you said very weak. I wouldn’t go that far. Again, I think we’re still booking group business at a descent clip. It just happens to be year-to-date we’re booking and that’s just slightly lower clip than we did last year; but we’re still booking. There is still group business to be booked and frankly the groups that we’re booking now are pretty high quality groups. I mean if you look at our first quarter, our food and beverage growth is quite strong. In my comments I talked about our banquet business has been quite strong. We’re starting to charge groups for room rentals and that profit just drops down to the bottom line. So, I think we’re still booking; we’re just booking a touch, at a rate that’s a touch less than last year.
Gregory Larson: Yes, you know Jim mentioned the time motion studies, as you know Chris, we completed those time motions or we were completing them last year with our big hotels and what’s happened here in the first quarter is, some of the time motion studies that we completed throughout 2016, you know in first quarter obviously we’re getting all the benefits from those time motion studies and in first quarter of last year we probably hadn’t fully implemented them. And then combine that with the fact, as Jim said, that this year we’re starting to implement some of those studies on our medium and small hotels. So, in the second half of the year we’ll get the benefit from that as well.
Gregory Larson: And Chris, the final thing and you know this, the one thing that always helps out margins and Jim sort of mentioned it, is strong revenue growth, right. So, when you have strong F&B growth that’s helpful, and then especially when it comes from the higher-margin business, the banquet business, that’s also very helpful.
Gregory Larson: Hey, Rich, this is Greg. I don’t know if it is a much of a mix shift, it’s just when our RevPAR growth is stronger-than-expected, which obviously occurred in the first quarter with 3.4% RevPAR and if you look at our domestic hotels 3.8% RevPAR and that’s always helpful on margins, right, and so I think that that certainly helps our margins. I think when you think about the quarter is going forward, you can think about that comment, in quarters where we’re predicting very low and maybe no RevPAR growth, like Q2 and Q3 in aggregate, than you should assume margin will actually decline in those quarters. On the other hand, where we mentioned in our comment, we think RevPAR will rebound in fourth quarter and if that occurs and then obviously that will be better margin performance in that quarter than in Q2 and Q3. I think the good news overall, obviously we had a great quarter on the margin front in the first quarter and that’s why were able to comfortable increase the midpoint of our margin guidance by 15 basis points.
Gregory Larson: Yes, Rich, I agree, obviously as Jim said, we are always looking for that 100 basis points to 150 basis points return unlevered IRR above our cost of capital. But the other thing we do is we always compare that return to buying back stock and as you know, right, last year we bought back stock with a 15 handle on it. So, even though there were opportunities in the market, last year we felt that buying back our stock with a 15 handle was a better investment, so that’s what we did. And so again, if you fast forward to today, we found these two great acquisitions, the returns were good and so that’s what we’re look at, but when we look at things, we look at returns for assets, but we also look at…
Gregory Larson: Hey, Wes, this is Greg. So, as we said in our prepared remarks, right, of group revenues on our books today, up 1.7%, right. But what we also mentioned is, in our guidance, our assumption is as we progress through the year, even though we’ll continue to book those at a pretty decent pace, the pace will be slightly lower than the pace that we booked through the last year, and so that 1.7% growth in group revenues well over throughout the rest of this year should end up trending lower. So that is sort of how we – I’m sorry.
Gregory Larson: Hey, Michael, it’s Greg. Yes, if you look at the two dispositions, I mean, obviously, because we increased our margin guidance for the year, and we mentioned that our non-comp forecast for the year is stronger today than what it was a quarter ago. That would lead you to believe that our EBITDA guidance should be higher. The reason why the top-end remained the same is, because we’re now baking in –taking into account these two dispositions and those two assets combined probably reduced our EBITDA by about $10 million or $11 million.
Gregory Larson: Look, as you know, ground leases are usually low cap rate acquisitions. I mean, as Jim mentioned in his comment, lots of good reasons to do it, adds a lot of flexibility to that hotel, and gives us a lot of really nice options going forward. But that’s such a small acquisition at a lower cap rate, there’s not much impact to that.
