W. Edward Walter: Yes. Overall, we've seen that cancellation and attrition fees, which is what we were talking about, have been higher this year than they have been in the last few years. Now, I would tell you that the level of attrition and cancellations we saw in the first half of this decade was below what I would describe as our long-term average, but the bottom line is they're up about 30% for the year. They were up closer to about 60% this particular quarter. We saw the cancellations in Orlando and at two of our larger convention hotels, one in San Francisco, which I suspect might have been a little bit related to some of the activity out there at the convention center that you're all fully aware of, and also at the Marquis. I would imagine that you'll – that we think that will moderate a bit in the fourth quarter, but it's not abnormal at this part of the cycle to start to see a little bit more in terms of cancellation and attrition activity. So we would expect to see that continue at a slightly elevated level compared to the 2010 to 2015 timeframe. Part of that, I would note, though, is I'd be careful to draw the conclusion that means that people are canceling it or not showing up to a greater degree in the past. I'm sure that's part of what's happening. Some of that, this is also reflective of the fact that we have better contracts from our perspective, which is enabling us to recover more when folks don't show up.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. One way to look at that, Joe, would be that our – I think for the full year, we're probably expecting that our Brazil hotels will generate between, call it, $10 billion to $12 billion worth of EBITDA. So, they're not overly significant to our overall results, but there was – we had an incredibly strong quarter especially at the top line, and that obviously did influence our overall results for the quarter. Having said that, if you look at our domestic results, we would still – we've still had a very solid quarter from a domestic perspective with RevPAR being up 2.8%. So, no doubt that that headline number is better because of Brazil, but we were strong in Mexico and we were strong in Toronto, too. So, all of our international hotels had a good quarter and domestic portfolio did, too.
W. Edward Walter: Yeah. I would say that it certainly not – and I think you've heard this from others. The market is not as robust as it was in 2014 and the first half of 2015. Having said that, I would say that there's still activity happening. I just think deals take longer. The number of folks that are chasing a particular transaction is probably a little bit thinner. We're hearing as we talk with the brokerage community, as we look at the experience we're having, we're finding that the international buyers are probably a bit higher percentage of the activity than in past. You're seeing some smaller operators associated with family offices chase after some of the smaller deals that are out there. I've heard that some of the public but non-traded REITs or non-listed REITs have been a bit more active, too. So there's still a market out there. I feel reasonably optimistic that we're – I certainly feel optimistic we'll sell Melbourne. I think that there is a decent chance that we'll complete a few more asset sales. But as I started off in saying the market is not as strong as it had been, and that's why you're not seeing as many sales announced by folks.
W. Edward Walter: Short answer is that I think we can still over the next three quarters get to the $1 billion number. But I would also say that that is totally dependent on us feeling comfortable with the pricing that we get. Greg talked about the strength of our balance sheet, and I think you all recognize that. We're not doing this for liquidity reasons. We're doing this because we're trying to be smart about how to continue to position our portfolio for the future. And the assets that we're selling now are just ones that we generally think will not perform as well as the remainder of our portfolio or may have higher capital needs. The one exception to that would be Melbourne, where we've made the conscious decision to exit the Asia-Pacific market and so we want to sell that property. We won't sell that for a bad price, by any means, but that is one that we are more motivated to sell perhaps than some others. So bottom line is that I think we still have a reasonable shot at getting to the high end of that range, but we'll be thoughtful in terms of evaluating the sale opportunities that we have and making the decisions going forward on those sales.
W. Edward Walter: Yeah, so I think the number that we're quoting, what we're finding today as relevant is to look at upscale and above. So I think you know that the upper upscale segment generally has very light supply. And I think that's still coming in generally across the board in our markets at less than 2%. But it's clear to us that, depending upon the property, we may compete with upscale supply, too. And so if we look at that particular number, this year we would say that across our top 19 or 20 markets, we're looking at supply that's roughly 2.5% in 2016. We think that's going to escalate to slightly more than 3% in 2017. Markets that we are a bit concerned about would be ones that you are, too, Seattle, Denver, Houston, and New York. I think the thing to note for us, though, is that while those markets represent about, call it, 15% of our EBITDA, we also have great representation in some markets like Atlanta, Hawaii, San Diego or San Francisco, that are expected to have much lower supply. And in fact, those last four markets that I just referred to, we have more than 25% of our EBITDA coming from those markets. So hence my point in our prepared remarks that when we see our portfolio compared to others, we think we have a little bit less exposure to supply than some others because of the diversity in the portfolio.
W. Edward Walter: Yeah, we had agreed at least for the short-term not to provide specifics about that particular transaction. So, unfortunately, I'm going to have to abide by that agreement. But I would say that we had an opportunity there where a contract was expiring and there was a chance to both lower our management fees. We extended the term a bit, but we retained a fair amount of flexibility in terms of how the hotel would be operated going forward.
W. Edward Walter: I think if you look across our portfolio, we do continue to have a number of opportunities. It probably falls in the realm of a couple of years you space things out over the next five to seven years where there's an opportunity to consider either replacing the existing branded operator with a franchise operator or we may have contracts that terminate that offer us even more flexibility. So I think it's an area that we've been able to have a fair amount of – we view that where we've may done conversions or where we've changed contracts, we're consistently seeing anywhere from a 10% to 20% improvement in EBITDA as a result of the changes that we're making. And it's something that we could build into our business plan for each year is to look at the opportunities that may exist for that year and then try to exploit them.
W. Edward Walter: Of course, at this point, they've only been closed for probably less than 45 days. And certainly, maybe the biggest issue that surrounds that whole transaction from our perspective as an owner will be how smoothly and how successfully the integration goes. I'm sure that Marriott and Arne will give you more insights into those issues on their call which I'm assuming is later this week. I guess what I'd say is, as we've looked at this and we've consistently said this since the transaction was announced, our Starwood Hotels were operated under the Marriott expense and cost structure, not fee structure, but the operating costs of running those hotels. We think that there will be an opportunity to reduce expenses at our Starwood Hotels. There's a number of elements of the Marriott system, be it reservations or purchasing or some other areas, including their agreements with the online company where the Marriott contracts and the Marriott cost structure is cheaper. I can't – it's – we know that as they work their way through the integration process, we will start to see the benefits of those cost savings. But it's a little hard right now for us to predict how quickly that will happen.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. I think as long as employment remains fairly strong then I would say looking back in past history, leisure should probably hold up fairly well. If you go back to the 2001 to 2003 downturn, we generally found throughout that downturn, because it was not from an economic perspective, it was not that severe. Hence, unemployment, if my recollection serves me right, did not increase significantly during that time period. We found that our resort hotels outperformed during that time period, and we generally found that leisure travel was fairly strong. I think, going forward, the other thing that will affect leisure travel will be international leisure. We've had – the last 18 months have been a bit weak, primarily because of currency. But assuming that the currency stabilizes, I think there's an opportunity for some pickup there. We're generally fairly bullish as you look out over the next five years about our resorts profile. We think it benefits from both a combination of the leisure trends that we just discussed, and secondarily, it benefits from the fact that supply in the resorts segment is much lower than the industry as a whole.
W. Edward Walter: We're generally in favor of what they are trying to do there. We know that there is some short-term pain associated with that. The best estimate that I have heard of that is it might have cost us a couple of tenths of RevPAR growth in the last couple of quarters. So we're watching it and well, obviously, to the extent that it doesn't seem to be accomplishing their goals, may urge them to reconsider it. But at this point in time, we're still comfortable with heading down that path. I mean, the bottom line is that the reservation made through an operator website is a heck of a lot cheaper for us than one that might come through an OTA in terms of the costs associated with that booking. And so to the extent that we can drive more traffic to that operator website, we generally think that makes a difference for us from the bottom line and that's what matters most to us.
W. Edward Walter: You know Smedes, I know that it is less, but I'm not confident enough, sitting here right now, to give you a direct answer on that question. So, let's – I don't think it's more than a point. Let's put it that way.
W. Edward Walter: I would say that the increase that you saw in the ROI CapEx – or the redevelopment CapEx is a lot more to just do with the timing of when we expect to complete projects, and probably even more so when we expect to close them out, rather than being an indication of any change in philosophy or change in quantity in terms of our projects. There may be a little bit of a couple of projects being a hair more expensive than what we had originally anticipated. But the reality is that overall in talking with our construction group. Our overall budgets – our overall performance compared to budget is coming in pretty consistently with what we expected. And so that mild increase that you see in the numbers compared to the prior quarter really just reflects the fact that we expected to pay for more of the costs this year, and that's likely because we're finishing a little bit sooner for some of those projects. I think as the – looking beyond that or thinking more broadly, we look at all of these different options, whether it's investing in the portfolio, buying stock or other investments on kind of a comparative basis. Opportunities to enhance the portfolio have generally driven higher rate or higher levels of return and will continue to be attractive. Having said that, I don't think we have as many of those opportunities in 2017 as we've had in 2015 and 2016. And so I expect, the volume of activity in there will be lower.
W. Edward Walter: Rich, that's a great question and I think to some degree we're all sort of chuckling here as we hear that. Here's what I will tell you. Clearly, our hotels, in the position they're in, both physically and locationally. Should generally perform in line with what Marriott would generally be suggesting their broad-based brands would deliver. Now, their optimism about what the numbers might be for next year versus our trying to be realistic could – in other words, it's hard to predict exactly how they're going to look at next year and what message they want to try to convey. So I guess at the end of the day, we've tried to provide you with as clear a view as we can have at this particular time in terms of what's going to happen for 2017. Ultimately, as you're suggesting, I would expect our hotels to generally perform in line with what they would be predicting for domestic performance because our hotels represent a big part of their portfolio.
W. Edward Walter: I don't know that I would – the short answer is yes in the standpoint that, as we have phased out of the Asia market, we are certainly cutting expenses in that market and so that there is some benefit that flows from that. I don't know that I would necessarily expect, though, in modeling our G&A expense that you should be thinking that there'd be radical differences from one year to the next, at least in the context of 2016 looking at 2017.
W. Edward Walter: Sure. So first off, I would say that in terms of thinking about the level of RevPAR and revenue growth that we likely would need from one year to the next in order to maintain the margins that we have, I'd say today our thinking is that needs to be right around or just slightly above 2%. And that's based on nothing more complicated than expecting inflation to generally run at about that level. And so if our costs go up by inflation then we certainly need to match that at the revenue line in order to maintain our margins. Now I will point out that that does mean that EBITDA grows at that same rate of inflation or slightly better. And so that's not suggesting that we'd be at flat EBITDA, but I think that's still a reasonable reference point. We do think that there are some things that we're working on now, including the continuation of the time-motion study work that we've done, which we talked about before and has saved us a fair amount of money this year. We do think there are some things on those lines that might benefit us next year. And of course, to the extent that we end up with a lower level of RevPAR growth that we've been suggesting, then we'll be working hard at trying to find other ways to take costs out. Some of that will, of course, be dependent upon whether that lower level of RevPAR is generated more by lack of rate growth or perhaps a reduction in occupancy. The latter, obviously, gives us a better opportunity to try to take costs out of the system. In terms of the benefits that would flow from the Marriott-Starwood merger, I honestly would not be expecting to see a significant amount of that benefit in 2017. There are a few things that could happen more quickly, but I think there's still some work to be done in this area. I believe that the opportunity benefit from the new Marriott-negotiated OTA agreements could probably take hold next year. But I think a lot of the other integration activity that would be required for us to get the expense savings are likely to take a bit longer to happen. And so I would not be counting on a benefit of that in 2017.
W. Edward Walter: That concept of consolidation on the ownership side has certainly gotten more attention since we've seen a bit more consolidation on the operating side. To-date, despite the fact that I think a number of you have offered good reasons why that should occur. We have not seen that occur. So I wouldn't rule out that it could possibly happen, but I would say that it's not a particular objective of ours. We're not concerned about getting larger, we're just concerned about essentially becoming more valuable. That could happen in the context of a larger transaction. But typically that has not proven to be the case.
W. Edward Walter: You know what, I'm guessing that we must – there must be a technical issue here because of the fact that we had two calls in a row.
W. Edward Walter: All right. Folks, we apologize for what seems to be a technical difficulty here, but the team will be available to answer any of your questions throughout the rest of the day and tomorrow. Thank you for joining us on this call today. We appreciate the opportunity to talk about our third quarter. We look forward to seeing many of you at the event in Phoenix in a couple of weeks and of course talking to you in February to discuss both our year end 2016 results and provide a lot more insight into 2017. Have a great day. Thank you.
Gregory J. Larson: Yes. I mean, obviously, as I noted today, our taxable income actually exceeds the $0.80. And so, yes, I think we – what we've said in the past is that we would like to pay our dividend throughout this next cycle, and if our taxable income were to have a modest drop next year, yes, I think because we have one of the best balance sheets in the entire REIT universe, I think we're in a good position to be able to continue to pay the dividend.
Gregory J. Larson: I mean, when we look at our hotels in Latin America, I mean, they had a RevPAR increase in north of 60%, so obviously, a little bit.
Gregory J. Larson: Sure. Let me answer the second question, first. We will be buying more of our shares back, especially if the price remains at the current level. And we do – we have the balance sheet capability to do that. We have the authorization from the board to do that. So, you should assume that we'll continue to pursue a share buyback. CapEx for next year, I'd say that we've been – had been targeting for a few years now to be spending a bit less, especially on maintenance CapEx in 2016 and I think that will carry over in 2017. So, I would generally expect to see a little bit less capital in 2017. Our thought had generally been that we would prefer to – we would look to increase capital spending a bit later in the cycle under the theory that it costs us a little bit less maybe in terms of lost occupancy. And it costs us a little bit less because oftentimes as you get near the end of the cycle, pricing for construction projects drops, too. So, we're not at the point we're making any decisions about 2018. We are looking hard at our 2017 plan, and I'd say general – the general initial sense, without putting a hard number on it, is it will be lower than what we've spent in 2016.
Gregory J. Larson: Yeah, I agree with all that. I mean, obviously, there are some geographic differences as well and plus, as you know, Rich, a lot of the supply growth recently has been on the select service side. And they have, obviously, quite a bit of select service. We do not. So that could be another difference as well.
