Jim Risoleo: Sure, Sean. This is Jim. I’m happy to take that question. I think our fortress balance sheet really differentiates Host in the space. Sitting here today at 1.9x leverage with $2.9 billion of liquidity is a testament to the fact that we can do it all as we have shown, and that’s how we intend to approach 2024. We want to be net acquirers. We want to continue to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio in 2024 through acquisitions, but also through continued reinvestment in the portfolio as we’ve done over the past few years. You may recall that we acquired $1.6 billion of assets at the beginning of the recovery in 2021, and another $315 million in 2022. And over that time frame, we’ve invested – from 2020 through 2023 we’ve invested over $2.1 billion in our assets. So our 16 properties under the MTCP, as we noted in our prepared remarks, are significantly outperforming our underwriting expectations of 3 to 5 points in yield index. The properties that have stabilized post operations are up to 8 points or up to 10 points, I’m sorry, 8 to 10 points. And we continue to do the same with the HTCP program in 2024 as a start. Now, with respect to the acquisition market, frankly, there just aren’t a lot of properties that are currently listed for sale, certainly not assets that would interest Host. But that’s really not slowing us down at all. We are talking to our competitors in the industry, our friends in the industry and others to try to kick deals loose that are Host type assets. We are leaning on our relationships, we’re leaning on our reputation, on our ability to close deals all cash that really gives us a very meaningful competitive advantage. And we believe this is the year to get the balance sheet to work. So we’re working very hard to find the right sorts of assets to add to the portfolio. The assets that we like are those that have diverse demand drivers with a combination of group business, transient and leisure, and we want to continue the same. But at the end of the day, it really is everything that we do is to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio. Now, I said that there aren’t a lot of assets on the market today, but I believe and we believe as a team here at Host, that under the assumption that the Fed is going to start loosening interest rates in the second half of this year, that that will spark sellers to bring properties to market and it’s going to also spark competition for those assets. So our point of view is we have the balance sheet, we can do it all, we want to get out there, we want to get ahead of the pack and I hope over the course of the next several months that we’re going to be able to tell you that we’ve been an acquirer early in 2024.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Robin. We track all the CMBS maturities, the CMBS loans outstanding and the maturities. This year there’s about $26 billion of full service loans that will be maturing. And I know that earlier in the pandemic there was a lot of talk of distress. Frankly, we haven’t seen it materialize, certainly not on assets or markets that would interest us. We’ll continue to track it. There may be pressure as we get later into the year because one of the things that other hotel owners are going to have to deal with sooner or later is reinvesting in their portfolio. And as you know, as I mentioned earlier in my response, we have invested significant capital in our portfolio. So we’re in a really great place to continue to gain yield index and continue to outperform going forward. So I think it’s still TBD on distressed but we're certainly not counting on that. We're making it happen on our own by trying to capitalize on our relationships, our reputation and our balance sheet to be net acquirers this year. The types of assets and the types of markets, it's really – there is nothing that's perspective per se, that's off the list. But we are always going to be thoughtful about maintaining geographic diversification, which has served us well. I think notwithstanding the tragedy in Maui, the geographic diversification of our portfolio still allowed us to achieve 8.1% RevPAR growth in 2023, notwithstanding a 50 basis point impact from the Maui wildfires. So we'll continue to look at assets where we can add value through our strong asset management and enterprise analytics capabilities, assets where we see ROI opportunities that haven't been completed by the current owner and new markets, we'll continue to look for resorts. We'll also continue to start looking at urban markets today because we've seen some good solid performance out of the urban market. So I think recovery is on the way. We feel good about the macro picture. There is visibility from an underwriting perspective. And let's all keep our fingers crossed at the soft landing that seems to be the consensus to say does come through.
Jim Risoleo: Sure. So the way we're thinking of transient, I mean, we obviously expect it to be moderating for the summer. We just had an extremely strong summer last year. And to your point, I mean, U.S. outbound for the year was 117% above 2019 level and inbound was effectively at 90% of 2019. For what it's worth, right now, the U.S. travel is projecting that inbound number is going to be more at 98% for 2024 relative to 2019, which is a good stat. We do expect an impact on a year-over-year basis, therefore the low-single digits guidance for the first half of the year. But what I will say is our fourth quarter ended with our transient ADR for our resorts still up 58% to 2019. And what we are seeing in terms of spring break, and I think that's like most visibility we have because you won't really get into summer visibility until you get to the end of Q1. Spring break is pacing up 20% in revenues and rate is pacing above 7%, and that's specifically for our resort, excluding Maui. So we feel very good, which effectively is saying that none of these particularly the transient resort ADR is still going to be above 50% of 2019 level. So that's really encouraging. Not enough visibility into the summer yet, but spring break is very encouraging.
Jim Risoleo: No, I think as you're looking at the HTCP program, it's modeled after the Marriott program. We have received enhanced owner priorities on all of our dollars that we're investing, which is meaningful because in many of the hotels we didn't have owners’ priority for one reason or another, either it burned off over time or it just didn't exist. So that's a big plus. Hyatt is also providing $40 million in operating profit guarantees to cover off anticipated disruption. And as we noted in our comments, we expect to collect $9 million in operating profit guarantees this year that will cover the anticipated disruption associated with the Hyatt renovations. And I think the cadence is, the assumptions are the same. The assumptions are the same. Let's hope the results are the same, because the results out of the MTCP blew away our assumptions. But we're looking at low-teens cash on cash returns, say low-double digit to low-teens cash on cash returns, which is the same way we underwrote the MTCP program. And frankly, the other eight assets that have received transformational renovations.
Jim Risoleo: It's both. And I think we can talk, let’s –– I'm going to let Sourav talk a little bit about the F&B uplift because we have seen a meaningful uplift in F&B revenues throughout the portfolio. I think we have a little audio problem here. Hang on.
Jim Risoleo: I'll start, Aryeh with respect to what are we seeing from the leisure consumer, our leisure transient traveler is generally the affluent consumer in the country. We are seeing no slowdown in spend. We're really not seeing a backing off in a meaningful way in ADR and out-of-room spend in banquet in outlets is still strong. This goes back to Stephen's question. The investment that we made in a lot of our properties and the transformational properties has resulted in a significant pickup in outlet spend throughout the portfolio. So leisure is from our perspective, it's still trending very strong. And I think that goes back to the commentary around spring break where our revenue pace is up 20% year-over-year for spring break, and we're very pleased with that.
Jim Risoleo: Well, I'm not certain that we said that there was going to be a recovery in the second half of the year. So we hope that there's a recovery in the second half of the year. But there are a number of things that have to happen on Maui, particularly on the West side, which is where the wildfires were. And the gating issue really is finding shelter for the displaced residents. And March 1 is a pivotal date in our mind. The governor of the state of Hawaii has stated that if the owners of short-term rentals on Maui don't come to terms with allowing their units to be utilized by the displaced residents, then he is considering a ban on short-term rentals. Because I think on the island of Maui, in total, there's about 30,000 short-term rentals. So it's quite significant and we're tracking it very closely. Additionally, cleanup and the plans to rebuild Lahaina town are still in process. So the west side, I think, is going to take some time to come back. In the interim, we have been working with relief agencies, in particular, now the Red Cross, and we have contracted with the Red Cross for 350 rooms at the Hyatt Regency Maui through the end of May. And we're hopeful that that will be extended while the recovery moves forward. The story in Wailea, where we own the Andaz Wailea and the Fairmont Kea Lani is different. Those properties have been, in the case of the Fairmont Kea Lani just completed a transformational renovation. So the asset is in incredible shape, as is the Andaz Wailea, where we completed soft good's rooms redo, as well as the significant bathroom work. So both of those assets are in great shape and we're confident that over time as the consumer begins to understand the differentiation between Wailea, which is a completely different submarket than the west side in Kaanapali, that will see the cadence of business pick up. And I would just say that, as we think about the midpoint of our guidance this year, we've assumed pretty much 100 basis point impact on Maui and that will result in about the same diminution in EBITDA as we experienced last year. But if Maui is better than our anticipation, and it's too soon to really know that, then we think there is some upside and that takes us to the higher end of the EBITDA guide.
Jim Risoleo: Well, David, let me take the second part of your question first, because that's an easy one. Bigger is better for us. And we don't turn any attractive opportunity away. But obviously, given our scale and our ability to deploy capital, we focus on larger transactions, we focus on complicated transactions, complicated boxes with diverse demand generators being group business transient and leisure, as well as hotels that have multiple outlets and look for opportunities to not only improve the top line, but to improve the middle part of that P&L through our asset management and enterprise analytics capabilities. We are perfectly open minded to buying an asset that needs to be repositioned from a CapEx perspective, it doesn't concern us at all. We certainly have the ability with our design and construction group in house to do that. But what we really look at is how is this asset going to perform after it is renovated and repositioned, and how is it going to perform relative to the existing portfolio, because our bottom line goal is to put money to work, whether it's within our existing assets or new acquisitions to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the company. So it's across the board.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, so its typically so answer the second half first, I'll have to get back to you on the specific delta to 2019 on group and transient, don't have that in front of me. But in terms of the way we think about the yielding, it really is group comes first. So you're developing that group base and you're seeing where that group rate is, and then you're yielding the transient business and depending on where group is coming in, and it's not just a rate piece, you have to remember, it's also we get a meaningful amount of ancillary business with food and beverage and golf and spa and all that. That makes up a pretty meaningful amount for our portfolio. It is looking at total revenue and what that contribution is to total EBITDA. So once a group base is built, then we figure out the properties are looking at, okay, what makes most sense to layer in transient and at what rate. So you're going to yield out the lower rated business and obviously move towards the higher rated business. So it's more the group base that drives it versus just where transient is coming in. I mean, so you're looking at transient pickup, certainly in the short-term, and filling that up. But the pricing is all determined where group sits for majority of your portfolio.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you. And thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results and our guidance for 2024, and we look forward to seeing many of you at conferences in the coming months. Have a great day.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, Smedes. We’re doing really well on the corporate group business and that remains strong. So while association is certainly coming back in quite a few markets, particularly with citywide coming back for 2024 in a meaningful way, the 2024 citywide room night pace is around 90% of 2019 actuals, and quite a few cities are pacing ahead. But corporate group continues to be strong and what’s also important to note is their spend on banquet and catering continues to be strong. So the catering contribution at our hotels has not declined year-over-year and we are keeping pace both from a demand perspective as well as from a rate perspective. Right now, our group pace from an ADR standpoint is around 4% and we are pacing ahead to last year by 3.4% in terms of room nights, and on a total revenue basis, it’s 10% that we are pacing ahead year-over-year. So, pretty meaningful. The markets which are driving this for our portfolio, specifically the $3.1 million group room nights that we have on the books for 2024, they include San Diego, Orlando, D.C., San Francisco and San Antonio. Those markets make up just over 50% of the $3.1 million that’s already on the books. In terms of citywide pace, what’s pacing well is also San Diego, D.C., but also Seattle, New Orleans and Miami.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So the first piece, I'll talk about the first half, the reason that is low single-digits is because of the tough comps that we have, particularly given the Q1 performance in 2023. And remember, 2022 Q1 was impacted by Omicron. So we had a meaningful amount of growth in the first quarter of 2023. And the first half, leisure did extremely well, as you might recall. So just tougher comps in the first half, that's why the low single-digits. On the second half, what's really giving us confidence are two things: One, specifically is the group booking pace for the second half, both particularly for Q3 as well as Q4, when you look at overall second half, our pace is really strong. We have confidence in that pace number and the second piece is really the tailwind from four hotels that had a meaningful impact last year from renovation in the second half, second half of 2023. Those four hotels really being the one hotel South Beach, Fairmont Kea Lani, the Biscayne Bay Marriott and the Hilton Singer Island, which is a complete redevelopment project. So that's really what's going to help drive that tailwind into the second half at group booking pace and the tailwind from those four renovation properties. There are other factors as well, but those are probably the two largest most impactful factors driving the mid single-digits in the second half.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So the way we think of the industry forecast is – and if you look at SCR, it's effectively at around 4%. But remember, our midpoint number is getting impacted 100 basis points as a result of the impact from Maui. So in other words, that would be 100 basis points more if it wasn't for Maui. That also, keep in mind, the weighting of our portfolio is different when you look at sort of the different markets that we have waiting in. So it's not on two apples-to-apples comparison when you are looking at our comparable RevPAR growth versus what the third parties put out there. So that's one thing to keep in mind as well. So overall, please, particularly given the capital investments that we have made, which Jim talked about and the lift that we are getting from the MTCP projects as well as the eight other projects that we invested in and the RevPAR index gain translating into EBITDA growth as well. In terms of total expense growth for this year at the midpoint, we are effectively at 5.8% total expense growth on that midpoint of 4% for the total portfolio. And sorry, the other question you asked was just split between occ and rates on that 2% and that's pretty evenly split between the two.
Sourav Ghosh: I'll start with the second part of your question. First, it's really an asset-by-asset revenue management decision in terms of what is available and where we can maximize yield. And we're looking always at the total revenue piece of it. It's not just the room night piece because obviously, the banquet and catering that groups provide makes a meaningful difference. So I wouldn't necessarily say there is a different way that we are – or the managers are approaching revenue management. Obviously, the goal is to fill the hotels with the highest not only rated business, but the highest business that's going to provide you the highest total revenue and ultimately, total EBITDA for the hotel. When you think about sort of the cadence of group for the balance of the year, we already have 3.1 million group room nights on the books. We expect for the year based on the midpoint to be above in terms of total group room nights for the year relative to 2023. And we do not just given how well we've been pacing, obviously, in the year for the year, pickup is going to be lower. And in the month for the month and in the quarter for the quarter is going to be lower than what we have seen previously just because the lead times have expanded not only for just in the year for the year but also into future years. But we feel very confident with the ongoing sort of the short-term pickup to make that gap up, particularly given sort of the need dates that have been filled for the year, both in the first half as well as the second half.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, I just want to make sure I explain the EBITDA piece for Maui. To be clear, obviously when you look at sort of the first half, it's going to be impacted by the wildfire. That's about a $25 million to $30 million incremental impact for 2024. So when you think about the total impact for the year, it's close to $50 million that the wildfire impact is actually having as a result of Maui. So just keep that in mind, it's $25 million incremental impact year-over-year, $25 million to $30 million.
