Ed Walter: I don't know that I’d, I would say, it shouldn’t be compared to what other people think, but I think we certainly do have a very positive view on the lodging cycle as I outlined in my comments and feel this certainly is the time to benefit from the investments we're making in the properties that we already own.
Ed Walter: No it doesn't. I think actually the changes that we've made will hopefully allow us to focus even more carefully and thoughtfully on the markets that we are interested in acquiring in, but by splitting up to U.S. between Jim Risoleo who was our Chief Investment Officer previously and now is located out in the West, and then bringing in Nate Carroll, who is the senior leader within the company, who has been an active member of the investment committee and a very strong executive. Putting them in charge of the Eastern half and the Western half of the country, I think will allow us to be even more focused in our investment efforts and I’m expecting to see good results out of that change.
Ed Walter: I think in part, I would say that we typically, when we were issuing stock we tended to look to get authorization to do that up to $500 million and I think in terms of buying back stock we felt that $500 million was sort of a good round number. It obviously, if we execute fully on that program there is the opportunity to initiate another one, but a lot of this was tied to our expectations around sale activity.
Ed Walter: Chris, I would say that we are always looking at opportunities to may be make changes in one property and then acquire benefits in another. We’ve done it a couple of times where we done what I would sort of view is very large transaction, both of those with Marriott when we renegotiated our contracts back in 2002 and then again in 2005. I would say what more likely to happen in the near term is something similar to what happened in Calgary, where we agreed to extent the Calgary contract in written for getting flexibility on to other properties one which we subsequently sold. Flexibility that we acquired was the ability to sell that property unencumbered by management. And so, we are always looking at opportunities like that. I think it’s reasonable to assume that over the course of the next couple of years or couple of more opportunities like that would develop.
Ed Walter: I would say that given that our basic plan is to fund it primarily through asset sales, I would suggest that it would more likely be spread out. But having said that, consistent with how we both pursued stock buyback programs in the past and stock issuance in the past and a lot of that relates to where the stock price is. So to the extent that the price where to be more attractive than we might – we would accelerate our buying in those circumstances and in situations where it would might increase significantly then we may be out of the market for a period of time. So it will be dictated a bit by the pace of sales and then furthermore – and then offset by to the degree to which sales might be reinvested in other assets, your existing ones or new ones and then ultimately also affected by the stock price.
Ed Walter: Steve, I think the point we are trying to make in our comments is we do feel good about the cycle and we do feel the part of that cycle that we can predict is the supply side, which we can reasonably predict that. And we are not seeing at this point any problems on that side. Having said that I think there is always risks on the demand side, so I think we are comfortable with where we are. We will have flexibility to perhaps do a bit of what you were describing as we move forward, but I think some of that again is tied – I mentioned we are looking at some deals that we want to be thoughtful about how we fund those transactions and would obviously like to see the asset sales occur that [indiscernible] going to use to fund the buyback.  So it doesn’t all have to happen sequentially, you don’t have to sold the property in order to fund the buyback but you want to have a reasonable expectation that the sales will occur in order to fund the buyback. And of course some of this gets tied to just the availability of those periods of time when you can actually be in the market to buy. So I get your point and I don’t disagree with it in total, I just think we – at the same time I don’t believe that the Board was comfortable with the notion that we would aggressively frontload that program in anticipation of things that would happen. I think, that alludes - I've seen people do, maybe move aggressively on expectations in the past and the world can change on you and surprise you as a matter of fact.
Ed Walter: There certainly are some international assets that are part of for sale program for this year, so that’s something that we are looking at. 
Ed Walter: Yeah, I haven't thought about it specifically in terms of a percentage reduction to NAV, but certainly as we’re looking at other alternatives we are looking at both what's the opportunity with that acquisition versus what do we think the return would be on the stock and to the extent that the stock is a more compelling investment then that's going to see more capital.
Ed Walter: Harry, there are a few projects that we are going to start at the end of this year. That will be sizeable renovations of individual hotels that will happen during the beginning of 2016. Lease based upon our current expectation, but overall when we look at the program that we are envisioning for 2016 and compare it to 2015, we expect that the dollar amount that we invest will go down and the impact of those activities next year will be less than what we are feeling this year.
Ed Walter: I don’t want to give you a number right now because we are very early in the process on the capital budget. But I think it’s – I’m not talking 5% or 10%, I’m talking more than that.
Ed Walter: You know, Harry, the one thing to recognize in our sector is you’re always in some level of renovation. And I know you know that. A big chunk of the larger investments that we are making this year, it relates to the – really what we call ROI or redevelopment projects and I continue to believe that those are the projects that you also want us to be doing because, as I mentioned in my comments, we think the returns from those investments are in the mid-teens and those are attractive way to both enhance value of the portfolio and enhance the valuable of our cash flow. So that part of what we’re doing to me is very much value accretive. I think the part that – and I would like to do more of those to the extent that those opportunities such as what we are going to end up doing in Phoenix with the Ritz-Carlton, which present themselves. On the other hand, what we’ve talked about before in the first quarter, I think we talked about in February and are continuing to highlight is, both Greg and I talked about in our comments is, we did have a number of larger renovation projects to comparable hotels, which certainly had a negative effect on those comparable hotel performances during the course of the first quarter. That CapEx, which deals more with maintaining the portfolio, is accelerated a bit in the beginning of this year because of some contractual negotiations we had whether it was with extending a ground lease or extending a management contract in return for other benefits. That level of capital is what I expect will be declining next year and that’s why I believe the level of disruptive will be lower. But we will know more about that as we work our way through the year. Our budget process, we’re coming up with next year’s capital program really happens over the course of the summer.
Ed Walter: I think there are certain benefits of scale that just relate to either your ability to access the unsecured debt market as the foundation of your portfolio and sort of your ability to perhaps develop in-house capabilities in certain areas. In our instance, I think our ability – our scale forces us to develop a really comprehensive construction team, which I think makes the difference in terms of what we been and when we are pursuing construction project and the like. So I do think there are some benefits to that. On the other hand, I wouldn’t say that scale in and of itself, certainly for us at this stage, enhancing that scale is not necessarily a goal. For us, it is about enhancing profitability and share value. In terms of predicting what’s going to happen within the sector, I think many of you have commented that there – you could certainly see some logic for some consolidation that hasn’t happened in our sector in the past, I think it will be hard to predict, but it’s necessarily going to happen in the near term.
Ed Walter: Yeah, Nikhil, what I was referring to there was that, we – my sense is that the market may be underestimating the benefit that be expected to arrive out of the seven projects that are essentially going on are non-comparable this year because we’re closing parts of those properties. And as a result of closing parts of those properties, all parts of those properties this year, we are losing about $25 million in EBITDA this year compared to last year. As we – most of those projects with the exception of the San Diego will be coming back online no later than the first quarter ’16.  And so as we are in ’16 and ’17, we would expect to both recapture the $25 million that we are losing in 2014 because they won’t be closed anymore and then based on the rationale under which we undertook those projects, we would expect to see another $25 million or so of incremental EBITDA that would flow to the company in ’16 and ’17 as a result of our successful completion of those projects. So that’s what I was talking about as part of my comment. So it’s not – its inherently the assessment and the underwriting of those individual project takes into account what’s going to be happening in those markets.  And so the strength of the convention cycle is San Diego in ’16 is one of the benefits that we expect to derive from having our ballroom complete. But I was really referring to those projects as opposed to a blanket statement about how well the portfolio of the industry would perform in 2016.
Ed Walter: Yeah, I don’t want to necessarily comment on any one company portfolio, but you should assume that we regularly look at whatever the brands are interesting in selling, we have strong relationships with all of the brand. And so we would always be in conversations with them about what options might exist.
Ed Walter: Sure. Yeah, I would say as usual in this area, it tends to be a combination of factors. So as part of some of the redevelopments that we are looking at, we have identified some incremental opportunities that we think will add value including a one I would say a meaningful energy ROI project where we’ll end up producing our own power for our particular hotel which we think will significantly reduce our utility cost. So some of it is an increasing scope, some of it is the fact that as we look at the timing for when we’re going to be completing some of the improvements, the reality is we are hopeful of being perhaps completing things a little bit earlier and then that result would further dollars allocated for this year to go up a bit.
Ed Walter: I guess what I would say is, first of all, I think you’ve assessed all that correctly in the sense that we basically are feeling a bit more pain from the current or anticipating that we will feel some more pain on the currency side, which is being offset by the margins. And I’d say you’re right about what's happening on the group side and we were very encouraged by the strong increase in rooms booked in the first quarter and perhaps even more encouraged by the fact that the rate was up 8%, compared to what we booked last year. So our group booking pace for this year is continuing to look better and better as we work our way through the year.  We certainly hope that that trend continue and I think to the extent that we benefit from that trend continuing that might offer an opportunity for an improvement in our top line estimates, but it’s really, it was just one quarter and I think we just simply - we are certainly - in a sense we've improved our guidance because we've offset the decline in the currency impact, but it obviously doesn't show up when you look at the aggregate numbers in nominal dollars, but we're feeling good about where the year is headed and hope we continue to feel good.
Ed Walter: Ryan I can't necessarily tie that specifically to that particular issuance of stock and I'm not debating your numbers, I'm just simply saying, I don't know that we would necessarily tie specifically to that, but as we approach issuing equity through this last or five years, one is I know that the average multiple that we issued that activity at whereas a couple of terms higher than we always did today, more than a couple of times higher. So, I think we felt very comfortable whenever we were issuing equity previously that we were issuing at a premium to our NAV. I think at this point in time as we look at where our stock sits and having achieved the leverage objective that we have, we tend to view our stock is trading at a discount to that NAV.  So, I think the way, the general way we looked at this is that we've tried to issue stock when it’s above our NAV, we used that to buy assets, we did not interesting pay down debt, we used that to buy assets as we grew and then at this point in time given where we are we are perhaps a bit – while we would like to continue to buy assets as I indicated in my comments just looking at where the markets are [indiscernible] prices if we were to sell more and so in an environment like that when we think we are buying the stock at less NAV, we think that's a fair trade.
Ed Walter: The stock, as the market gets better and as the value of the portfolio improves the stock is going to go up. I’m comfortable with any of the stock issuances that we made because as we worked our way through the cycle, we are working more now than when we issued that stock previously, but at this point in time, I think we are not as being as fairly valued as we should be, which creates the opportunity to buy stock back.
Ed Walter: Probably a combination of both and then we clearly had strong cash flow growth in our portfolio and the cap rates have certainly compressed leading out certain individual markets. I think they did compress from earlier in the cycle. We are at a point in the cycle with now, where I think you’d like to see cap rates generally - you are comfortable if they continue to maintain their position, but certainly over the course of the cycle we have seen cap rate compression and we have benefited from that.
Ed Walter: It sounds what – I think your first part of your question was just to talk about maybe our RevPAR growth as we progress through the year. As you know, we really do not give quarterly guidance. We give full year guidance. Having said that, I think when we look at our quarters for this year, I think the strongest quarter for us should be the fourth quarter.
Ed Walter: Yeah. The other thing I would mention Tom is obviously RevPAR is important but margins are important as well if not more important. I would say that clearly when we look at our – we had a great first quarter with an increase in margins of 50 basis points. I think when I think of the second, third, and fourth quarter, the fourth quarter clearly will be the best quarter from a margin growth perspective. So that way, that helps you in modeling the quarters as well.
Ed Walter: Yeah. I would say that group tends to be a little bit lighter in the first quarter and allow European hotels anyway. So I think that that was – I don’t know that I would read a lot into that in terms of full year in Europe. I would say about Europe is the best as we could tell is that, we did get some good look from enhanced international travel coming into Europe. And so I think actually it’s just obviously – just the first part of the year and the summer travel season will be more significant in that respect. But it looked like our visitation from the U.S. was up 6% to 8% in the first quarter compared to last year, but I think that’s one of the reasons why we lease to price RevPAR growth in Europe.
Ed Walter: Yeah. Steve, a lot of that has to do with where the source of the travel. So in other words, the tourists tend to book a bit longer out. I think that individual travel is probably a bit shorter. It hard to put a specific timeframes around that, but I would imagine based on this example as opposed to real data that you and I would both be comfortable with. The individual piece of it is maybe 60 days to 90 days but the tour business tends to be a bit longer. We certainly – we are obviously aware of the changes in the currency and the dollar relative to – especially the euro. And so, we’ve been interested to see what that was going to do to our business. In terms of best international travels that we see unfortunately ends in December, but I was surprised to see that at least in the month of December, even during a period of time when the euro had already started to fall appreciably compared to the dollar and same I think with the pound too, are two largest countries that send folks to the U.S. and UK. And Germany was actually up in December compared to the prior year, which I thought was a good sign. What we are hearing so far here is that there has not been any real trend of less international travel into our hotels in the gateway market. I think there is a sense on the West Coast that the Asian travellers are really – other than Japan, are continuing to grow at a pretty rapid rate in terms of their visitation to the U.S. Now as you circle back to the East, we do think – we continue to think that there could be some risk in terms of travelling to New York and into Florida. But a gain the feedback that we’re getting from the hotels so far is they are not seeing a reduction in reservation and so we are going to watch that carefully over the course of the summer.
Ed Walter: Yeah, well, thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insight as to how 2015 is playing out on our second quarter call later this summer. Have a great day.
Greg Larson: We’re looking at a combination of both. Some are larger single asset possibilities and then we are also looking at a number of the smaller deals that might be out there. So, both of those would potentially be on the play.
Greg Larson: No I don't know, I wouldn't think that we see a difference in terms of where we were last quarter, maybe one point that you are getting at indirectly is that we - when we talked about the options that we had last quarter, I think we suggested at that stage that we might be in an either or position relative to stock buyback versus investing. And I guess what I would say is as we look forward as we look at what we would be interested in trying to sell this year and have thought about that, the conclusion that we reached is that we probably have the capability to both do new investments and buyback stock, obviously the relative balances of those two will change and will obviously work our way through the year. But we didn't see it as an either/or proposition and so that's why we wanted to go ahead and implement the program at this point in time because our stock price is attractive. We do want to have the ability to be able to purchase it and then we will - the degree to which we execute on one version versus the other will be based upon the relative returns that we’d see from each of those alternatives.
Greg Larson: Yes, certainly we can do both of those things, but I would add we could also put out over $600 million in the form of a dividend.
Greg Larson: Harry, I think the other big benefit as you know from size is just – increase stock liquidity as well.
Greg Larson: Ed, I agree with that but I also would say that we are also experiencing a lot of disruption in our comp portfolio as well. And so for instance, as I mentioned, three of our largest hotels in D.C. were all under renovation in the first quarter. So as those hotels, as those renovations are completed by call it May of this year, then those hotels will start outperforming this year and obviously in 2016 as well. Again, the same thing, I think we mentioned the Calgary Marriott, a lot of disruption going on there. The RevPAR is actually down 42%. That hotel is actually in our com set. So again when that hotel – we will look at that hotel next year, my guess is that RevPAR growth can be substantial.
Greg Larson: And in general, if you look at where our expectations are and our guidance are for the full year, it’s clear that the first quarter is all that. So we are obviously expecting things to improve as we work our way through the year.
Thomas Allen: Thank you, sir. Can you help us think about trajectory of RevPAR growth quarter-by-quarter in 2015. It’s been a pre-coming in a lot of lodging earnings call this quarter. I think companies, if they expect U.S. RevPAR growth to continue accelerating through 2015? And then for you specifically, can you just help us think about kind of the renovation impact and also group trends and seasonality in specific markets like New York and how to think about the overall impact. Thank you.
Thomas Allen: No. That was basically what I was trying to get out of it. You obviously have company specific things going on. So it was kind of a two-part question. One, kind of asking what your thoughts on general market U.S. RevPAR growth and if you try – to accelerating in the second part was just idiosyncratic if something happened for your portfolio specifically.
Thomas Allen: Thanks. And then just a quick follow-up, on the European JV RevPAR was obviously 4%, but you had food and beverage, it was down 1% and we heard some comments about [indiscernible]. Do you think that, that decline in F&B is anything, is it indicative of group trends at all or is it just really one-off things. Thanks.
