Jim Risoleo: Yes, David, I think that -- let me start by saying that we are very, very happy with the 3 acquisitions that we made this year. Real estate is not a short-term business. And we look to acquire assets that are going to grow EBITDA over time. These are one-of-a-kind properties in each instance. And we're fortunate enough to have the balance sheet and the relationships to be able to transact when an asset like Turtle Bay comes to market. We referenced in a recent press release that we just sent out, I think it was yesterday, that Ritz Turtle Bay, O'ahu is now part of The Ritz-Carlton system. It went live yesterday when we closed on the hotel. It's a unique property for a lot of reasons. But one of the things that I think is worthy of pointing out is that there was a $0.5 million per key invested in that asset. And Ritz-Carlton took the hotel without a tip. So we believe there's going to be a lot of upside over and above the metrics that we quoted, which were based on 2025 pro forma, a 13.5x EBITDA multiple and a 6.7% cap rate. We think that, that property has a lot of run room. We haven't taken into consideration in our underwriting, any incremental EBITDA generated from the residences that are currently being developed by another developer on the site as well as our 49-acre parcel of land. So it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to acquire that hotel and we're in a unique position to do it. The same with Central Park that we just announced yesterday as well. A little bit of background on Central Park and a little bit of background on why luxury. Why is Host focused on luxury assets? This is something that we started exploring back in 2017, quite frankly. And if you look at luxury, RevPAR CAGR. These are assets that had a RevPAR of greater than $500. They have meaningfully outperformed upper upscale in other segments in the lodging space, over extended periods of time. From the period of time 2019 to '23, luxury CAGR was 4.7% versus upper upscale 1.3%. So we expect that we're going to continue to be able to drive this type of performance from the acquisitions we made, which will lead to elevated EBITDA growth and elevated free cash flow, which will allow us to continue to take those proceeds and invest in our portfolio or pivot to other capital allocation decisions and opportunities that might be out there. Now to get back to your question, I don't think that we are contemplating doing additional acquisitions this year or even early next year. You never know of that 1 opportunity that might come over the door, where there is a great asset with a great opportunity to buy it because of some distressed situation. But, we certainly are more focused today on integrating these 3 great properties that we acquired into the Host system, into our asset management and enterprise analytics platform. And we will continue to invest in our portfolio generally because we are very happy with the results that we've achieved from the 24 total transformational innovations that we've completed to date, where the 14 properties that have stabilized operations have picked up 7 points in yield index well above our underwriting and we think that positions us great going forward. And we'll also consider buying back additional stock. We still have $742 million on our stock repurchase program. In the second quarter, we bought $50 million worth of stock at $17.81 per share. Looking back to 2020, throughout the pandemic to today, we purchased $400 million at $16.35 per share. So we're certainly not shy about getting into the market and acquiring our own stock, particularly given where we're seeing the share price trading today.
Jim Risoleo: Chris, thanks for the question. Yes, we have explored disposition pricing recently and made a decision that really, given that we are under no pressure whatsoever to dispose off assets, and we will only do so if we believe that the pricing is fair relative to our hold value, the market dynamic just isn’t there today. The cost of debt is still prohibitive from a valuation perspective. We’ve been in a unique position to be able to transact, given our balance sheet and there really aren’t any other players out there that are in that position. So we’ll keep an eye on the market as we always do. And if we think there are opportunities to continue to enhance the overall growth profile of the portfolio, by disposing of assets, that’s certainly something we will consider going forward.
Jim Risoleo: Well, we are really happy being an owner of 1 Hotels, Barry Sternlicht, Starwood Capital, we’ve always got Barry as an innovator. I mean, he started with the W brand. And I think 1 is really an extension of W. Our performance in Miami has been really quite incredible. We bought that at, I think, roughly a 13x multiple in 2018. And in 2023, we were around 10x, 10x, 10.5x, something like that. In 2022, we actually got down to sub 8x. So we like the performance of the brand. We like – we like where he’s heading with it, where SH Hotels is heading around the globe and elsewhere for distribution. But it’s not anything that we’ve had conversations about co-branding or anything of that nature. So we just said – we think they do a great job, and we have a great relationship with them, and we hope that we can continue to expand that relationship going forward.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Mike, there are new channels that we pursued. Different wholesalers, Costco -- Costco Travel as an example to bring customers back to Maui. I mean what happened is the wildfires were just an incredible tragic event. And as we saw the residents finding permanent or semi-permanent housing, we are very encouraged that, that's happening. But what that meant for our hotel on the west side was that we went from well over 200 rooms that were being rented by the Red Cross and FEMA in the first quarter to 13 rooms that were being rented in Q2. And we didn't see a corresponding pickup in visitation. And I think there are several reasons why that occurred and why that is the current situation on the island today. We’re coming up on the first anniversary of the wildfires, which is a very important date for a lot of reasons in Hawaiian culture and otherwise. But going forward, mid to the latter part of September, the Governor of Hawaii and the Mayor Maui are planning on a marketing campaign in the Los Angeles area, basically rolling out the fact that Maui is now open for business. 80% of the Maui economy is dependent on tourism. So we are supportive and appreciative of what has to be done first before you can bring customers back to the island. And we think good progress is being made along those lines. Additionally, we are working with other hotel owners on Maui and Hotel Association to put in place a coordinated marketing campaign to sell the island, and we’re taking steps individually at our 3 assets, the Hyatt Regency, the Andaz as well as the Fairmont Kea Lani to start marketing those assets, again, mid-September on going forward. One of the other challenges that we’re going to have to overcome is airlift into Maui. I believe that in the quarter, we were down about 16% over the same time frame in 2019, and that’s down another 6% over where we were last year. So, it’s a bit of a chicken and an egg situation. We certainly want the airlines, and we’re going to be encouraging the airlines to put more capacity into their Maui routes, but we’ve got to bring the customers back as well. The really good news for our assets. Generally, we had completed a transformational renovation of the Hyatt Regency during COVID, we accelerated that renovation and the property is fresh and ready to go. And more recently, we completed a transformational renovation at the Fairmont Kea Lani, which is on Maui’s Wailea as well as did a substantial renovation at the Andaz. So, Andaz Wailea as well. So our properties are ready, open for business, and we’re working with the local authorities and the other hotel owners to sell Maui beginning in mid to late September.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Robin. I think our trend looks a little bit different because of the nature of our assets and the nature of our customer. Our customer is -- falls into the affluent category given the nature of our properties, and they're still spending money. Unfortunately, we saw a big pickup in outbound travel in the quarter. But in terms of the spend at our resorts, both resorts and non-resorts, we saw food and beverage outlet revenue per occupied room up about 2% over last year and same quarter last year and up about 1% over the first quarter as well. And encouragingly, as Sourav mentioned in his prepared remarks, we saw spa revenues and golf revenues up ex Maui, spas up about 11% in the quarter over same quarter last year and golfs up 5%. So we are seeing continued spending with a leisure transient rate that's 50% higher than where it was in the second quarter of 2019. And additionally, we're not seeing any holding back on the group side as well. Banquet revenues are up over where they were at the same time last year. So I think it's a different mix. It's a different property type and a different customer.
Jim Risoleo: It’s going to be pretty similar to where it was in 2019, about 65 – about 35% group, roughly 61% transient and the balance contract.
Jim Risoleo: I would say, weekend leisure at the lower end of the chain scale, Bill. I do think there is a bifurcation today between the high-end consumer who is still strong, moderating somewhat candidly, and the low-end consumer. And I think you're seeing that in the earnings reports that are being printed this quarter, there's a differentiation. From our perspective, we talked a bit about where our leisure transient rate is, and where our out of room spend is, how our out of room spend is trending, and we're very comfortable with how our consumer is behaving. We think that what's happened in this quarter is that the high-end leisure traveler went abroad, they went to Europe and the Caribbean and Japan, and that it's a moment in time, much like when the leisure consumer led the recovery coming out of COVID. It was revenge travel and I think we saw a bit of revenge travel in Europe last year when that was the first year that Europe was opened up without any restrictions, and we're seeing that this year. And it's frankly, it surprised us a bit because I know we've talked about this before. I mean if we look at -- and we spent some time digging into this, if you look at all U.S. outbound at roughly 120% of 2019 levels, that equates to 6 million additional outbound trips. And that is -- that's a big number, but people they're spending money, and we're not seeing the corresponding increase of international inbound. So TSA checkpoints give us confidence that travel is still occurring. We hit a record in July of, I think, 3 million throughputs in 1 week in particular. So we believe that this is a moment in time and the pendulum will swing back, and we will be well positioned to perform going forward.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you again for joining us today. We always appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you, and we look forward to seeing many of you at conferences in the coming months. Enjoy the rest of your summer.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, I think what gave us sort of the confidence in our guide, as we went about it is really the group booking pace remains strong for the second half. We actually picked up 241,000 rooms in Q2 for the second half, and about 143,000 or so was for Q3. So that's 68%. So Q3 pace is actually high single digits. So we're very confident about group in the third quarter. We did derisk the fourth quarter from a group perspective, just around election weeks. So typically, in any given election year, the week of elections is always a softer group pace, and you can see that. But this year, we are seeing softness following the election week as well in terms of pace. So we adjusted for that. The bigger 2 pieces that we spoke in our prepared remarks is really the softer recovery that we are seeing in Maui. So that's in our second half as well as what we did was we saw these short term -- a lot of lack of short-term leisure pickup in Q2, and that effectively we have extrapolated into the second half as well. So that's -- those are the items that we took into consideration when looking at guidance.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. Transient, we look at a room night perspective and transient pace it really is in terms of pickup happens around a 30-day window. So we have derisked effectively the decline that we saw in Q2 proportionately in Q3.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, you did hear that correctly. We effectively took the trends that we saw for leisure transient in the second quarter and applied that for the rest of the year. Obviously, the mix of leisure in Q3 is a little bit different than Q4. But when you actually look at sort of the 300 basis point decline in the midpoint of guidance, what I would say is about 15% is as a result of Q2, the remainder is second half, and that’s effectively evenly split between Q3 and Q4.
Sourav Ghosh: It’s always obviously an asset by asset in terms of how expenses are managed. And obviously, you have certain fixed costs. The variable costs really move with volume. For the most part, there isn’t a meaningful lag with that variable cost, it happens and it will show up and sort of the lag is maybe a week or 2, but by month end, the true-up occurs. So by the time you’re seeing the numbers whatever costs are being taken out or being managed relative to volume shows up pretty real time.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, Smedes. I think what will be easy is if I just walk through where our midpoint of previous guidance was at $1.670 billion and bridge that to our current guidance of $1.645 billion. So you take the $1.670 billion, you take out $64 million of comp EBITDA, excluding Nashville. Of that $64 million, about 50% of that $64 million is attributable to Maui and San Francisco. The remainder is primarily made up of 4 markets, I would say, it's D.C., Orlando, Phoenix and L.A. And then you add $5 million for improvement of our forecast for Nashville. You would add another $5 million for Alila Ventana, which opened up sooner than we had expected. And then you add $22 million for the 1 Hotel Central Park in Turtle Bay and then another $7 million for higher interest income, because we obviously did the $600 million bond deal, had more cash reserves and higher interest rates that allowed for that. Once you total that up, you get to the $1.645 billion. But what I would say is important to remember that certainly for 2024, the $1.645 billion guidance, but it's important to remember what the run rate really is once you really adjust for all the puts and takes. So if you take, again, the $1.645 billion midpoint guidance that we have and you remove all the business interruption that we got this year, which is equal to $40 million, you would add an additional $49 million for Turtle Bay and 1 Hotel Central Park because obviously, we don't have the full year baked in, in 2024, you would add another $13 million for Nashville. And as we said in our prepared remarks, another $75 million to $80 million for Maui and another $5 million for Ventana. So the true run rate on a stabilized basis, if you will, is $1.750 billion. So hopefully, that answers your question and then some.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. Our overall – and remember, we used our resorts as a proxy. Our rate still held firm, overall resort revenue or our lease revenue was slightly down as volumes, obviously, as what Jim was referring to, have moderated. But our rates held up, which are still 51% above 2019. I believe in Q1, that number was 52%.
Sourav Ghosh: Not necessarily because both for Memorial Day and July 4, we came in actually better than expectations. So it really sort of -- sort of scattered across the quarter on certain weekends, but there wasn't any discerning trend necessarily while we went through the quarter as it relates to sort of pricing or for that matter of fact, even demand, because the holidays actually did better than what we thought they would do.
Sourav Ghosh: That’s correct. And effectively, the trend of – particularly from the leisure standpoint, the international outbound that Jim mentioned, we had obviously assumed earlier that we would – it would be actually lower in Q2 of this year versus Q2 of last year. The opposite helps you and we’re assuming for the rest of the year that, that will continue.
