James Risoleo: Sure, Mike. Nashville is a market that we have had our eye on for a number of years. It is a market where I would say we're underrepresented given the dynamic that is occurring in Nashville. Years ago, we did a 50-50 joint venture with White Lodging on a Hyatt Place. We were one of the early ones in Nashville. And that property has continued to outperform all of our expectations. I think we refinanced it 2 or 3 times along the way. So have been scouring the market and actually had reached out to our friends at Starwood Capital and Crescent before the 1 Hotel and Embassy Suites even opened when it was in the construction phase.  We're not much of -- not terribly keen on being a developer, but that was one deal that I really wanted to see if we could participate in when it was coming out of the ground. And that was a nonstarter for the development team. So we've been following it for a long time. It came out very strong in 2022. It was open for a partial year, and it had RevPAR of $185 and EBITDA of $8.7 million. And to proceed in a cautious way and really not having a clear view at that point in time with respect to how the macro picture is going to play out, whether we were going to really have a hard landing and end up at a serious recession or the Fed was going to engineer a soft landing, we elected to just watch the property over '23 and keep the dialogue going. So obviously, our cost of capital is a fluid metric. We look at it over time, and adjusts from time to time. And as we engaged in this transaction, earlier in this year, the equity markets were in a different place. And so that's tick one to your question.  Secondly, we wanted make certain that the property was going to perform as anticipated. And in 2023, the asset had a RevPAR of $257. And the out-of-room spend was very, very strong to result in EBITDA for '23 of $37.7 million. So our underwriting this year has us at $275 RevPAR and $42.2 million of EBITDA. And we think Nashville is really just getting started as a market, honestly. There are so many good things happening in Nashville that it is a market of the future. It's the #2 convention market in the United States behind Orlando. They've just completed a $1.5 billion expansion of the airport and immediately starting on another $1.5 billion expansion. Oracle just announced that they're moving to Nashville to be closer to the center of health care tech. Amazon is developing a significant presence in the city as well. I think they're going to have about 5,000 jobs in Nashville. The demographics of the city are very positive. You have a lot of demographic inflows into Nashville. The tax environment is very favorable. It's a favorable business environment. The asset itself, it's unmatched. I mean it is a main and main location. It's literally right across the street from the Music City Convention Center, a $2.1 million facility. And that facility for 2023 and '24 on the books exceed 2029 nights, all over 1 million citywide room nights. The pace in 24 is 19% over 23%, the pace in '25 is 10% over same time last year. So there are just a lot of really positive things that are happening in this market.  And I know there's been some talk about new supply and -- we spent a lot of time in the market. I spent a lot of time myself in the market. And really to wrap our hands -- our head around what could possibly happen. I will tell you that a lot of the projects that were planned are still in the planning stage because developers are finding out that it is costing more to build than they anticipated. And when you layer higher construction costs on with a higher cost of debt and lower proceeds from a construction loan perspective, the deals just aren't getting done.  As a matter of fact, there was a Ritz-Carlton planned for quite some time, and that transaction got completely pulled by Ritz because the site was tied up and nothing was happening on it. So there will be some select serve come online in the marketplace. We've taken that into consideration in our underwriting, but in terms of full service, upper upscale luxury hotels, if and when it happens, it's probably 3 or 4 years out best case scenario.  So that's how we're thinking about Nashville. It's a market we don't have an exposure in. It's a market we want to get into, and we follow this asset for a long time. 
James Risoleo: Yes. A couple of questions there, Aryeh. Let's talk about the M&A landscape first. So I think there was a fair amount of anticipation among the brokerage community that we would see a pickup in transaction activity as the Fed moved to lower interest rates. We haven't seen that happen yet because of where the Fed is sitting. However, I believe that there are some owners out there who will be sellers now because they just can't afford to wait any longer and for a lot of reasons. I mean, they haven't invested in their assets over the course of the pandemic. They may have loans coming due, and they're going to have refi them into a higher interest rate environment. So we're hearing a little bit of chatter that we might see a more active M&A market in the second half of the year. That said, we don't sit around at Host and wait for marketed opportunities. We really prefer to continue to work with our long-standing partners relationships that we have and that's how we got the Nashville deal done. You may recall that we also bought the 1 Hotel South Beach from Starwood Capital. So we're very happy that Starwood Capital and Crescent have the confidence faith in Host as an owner to give us this deal on an off-market basis.   And we're talking to a lot of other folks out there and I'm hopeful, certainly not assured, but hopeful that over the course of the year that we'll be able to get additional transactions completed. We're in a unique position. And we're going to take advantage of the position that we're in. We don't have to go to the debt capital markets to get a deal done. Even post Nashville, we're sitting here at 2.3x leverage. We have $1.7 billion of available liquidity. The investment grade balance sheet is very important to us. We certainly intend to maintain our investment-grade rating. That said, with a leverage ratio of circa 3x roughly, we have the ability to acquire another $1.1 billion of assets this year. So that is our focus. We continue to want to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio. We told many of you who were at our Investor Day last May, that we're on track to get to $2 billion of EBITDA and I just encourage everyone to watch us and see what we do. 
James Risoleo: I would say it's going to take longer than we anticipated. Yes. We just -- just very difficult to wrap your arms around that. One of the other things that we as an industry are dealing with through U.S. travel and AHLA is working with the state department to see what can be done to shorten Visa wait times. I mean Visa wait times in the U.S. are still running at 400 days. And that is a discouraging factor to many people as they are looking to come to the U.S. A corollary to that is in Canada, you can get it a Visa 40 days out. So there is a program in place to try to break that log jam and to hire more people to do the processing necessary. 
James Risoleo: Yes, David, I think the limiting factor is really the cost of debt. It's not so much the availability of debt right now because the CMBS market for those buyers who need to tap CMBS financing is wide open. And there's been a lot of volume occur this year across multiple asset classes in real estate. But the cost of debt is still such that it is precluding private equity firms to underwrite to their hurdle returns and concurrently with their underwriting give the seller the price that they're looking for in the asset.   So I think that is the biggest gating issue. And that puts Host in a really competitive advantage. I mean I talked about it before. We do not have to go to the debt window to get a deal done. And I think there will be opportunities over the course of the year where you have certain private equity firms who might be coming up on end of fund issues with respect to certain assets that they have to trade. They waited for the Fed to cut rates, but they're out of time. A couple of deals that we did in 2018 and started with the 1 Hotel South Beach. That was an end of fund issue with the Starwood Capital. They had to trade that asset. Same with the Four Seasons Orlando, another instance where that deal was at the end of fund life as well.   So I can tell you that neither owner of those assets really want to part with them because it is terrific properties. And I hope we're going to be able to find some additional opportunities in that vein as we work our way through 2024. 
James Risoleo: Yes. I'll start, Chris, and I'll let Sourav jump in and add what additional color he might have on it. But we are obviously very close to the -- to what's happening on Maui and I can't describe it in any more specific terms other than to say that demand continues to evolve on the island. I think that when the wildfires occurred, devastating wildfires occurred, those folks who might have been new to Maui and maybe they were staying down in Wailea in one of our 2 terrific properties [indiscernible] the Andaz or the Fairmont Kea Lani. They just said they listened to the governor and the governor said, "Stay away from Maui." So travelers took the governor at his word. Now that language has been tempered since. The cleanup continues on the west side. The good news is that the displaced residents are really moving into more permanent homes and apartments. We like that. We like to see people get out of hotels and move into their -- move into a home and start their way back because so many people lost so much. They lost everything as a result of these wildfires.   So the hotel association is -- and all the hotel owners on the island are working together to put a marketing plan in place. One of the other factors that still is out there with respect to the island is the fact that air capacity, the number of seats is down around 19% over the first quarter of 2019. And that's consistent with where the capacity went post the wildfires in August of last year. So -- it's a bit of a chicken and egg situation right now. We've got to get people back to the island. We have to sell the beauty of Maui and the experiences that they can get, even if it's not on the west side, if it's in Wailea. And we're confident that once that starts happening, that the airlines will increase capacity and the recovery will commence. 
James Risoleo: Well, thank you again for joining us. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you, and we look forward to seeing many of you on the road and certainly at NAREIT in New York. Have a good day. Thank you. 
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, Shaun. Where we started really seeing it as the short-term leisure transient demand. And I want to specify demand because in our prepared remarks, we talked about how rate for leisure has still surprised us to the upside. We are -- effectively for our portfolio Q1, 52% above 2019. And if you recall, that's kind of where we were in prior quarter as well. So the rate is not letting down. It's just the short-term transient demand. Reality is we started seeing that really March is probably when we did. And part of it is -- we suspect is really being driven also by the poor weather that we had in Q1. And going into April, obviously, you have the Easter shift, we have a significant portion of our portfolio is resorts and Q1 does extremely well for our resorts. So the Easter shift is a little, I would say, not as much impactful for our portfolio. However, what does happen with the timing of Easter, it does shorten the time that the resorts can really drive rates and demand. So therefore, April sort of in the short-term pickup is certainly slower. However, rates are still holding strong.  What I can tell you with what data we have available as of right now, we don't have the full month data yet, but April is trending effectively flat for the portfolio. But remember, that includes Maui. If you exclude Maui, we were actually closer to slightly above 1% for April. So overall, things are still looking very strong. And when we look at the sort of the second half of the year, what I will say is the group piece is looking extremely strong for the second half. And that's what really gives us confidence for the full year is we picked up 421,000 room nights for the remainder of the year and 60% of that was for the second half. So clearly, have tremendous confidence for the second half and overall total revenue pace is actually close to 9% for the second half of the year. 
Sourav Ghosh: Sure thing. I just want to clarify and maybe I'll just quickly walk through the bridge from our prior guidance to this guidance. Because on the comparable hotel operations, it's actually a $13 million decline, which is a result of the change of 1 point to our midpoint of going down from the 4% to the 3%. The $13 million, it's not $22 million, so let's start off with $1.635 billion, which was our previous guidance. You take out $13 million of comparable operations and which is pretty impressive if you think about it because typically a 1 point decline in RevPAR would equate to $30 million of EBITDA decline. So we're deducting only $13 million from there. you have $20 million of comparable BI from the Maui wildfires, which you will be adding to that. Then you take out $10 million for Ventana, maybe that's where you're getting the $223 million because the $10 million is moving to non-comp from comps. So that's Alila Ventana, taking out $10 million of EBITDA. You're adding $2 million incremental for Naples because our forecast went from $60 million for the year to $62 million. And then you're adding $29 million for Nashville, the 1 Hotel and the Embassy Suite and then another $8 million of BI for the Ritz, Naples. So that, if you really add that up, you will get to the $1.670 billion. So hopefully, that helps bridge it from our prior guidance.   In terms of where that 1 point decline I would say it's 2/3 in Q1 and about 1/3 in Q2. And as I mentioned earlier, our second half is looking very strong. So we have a ton of confidence in terms of group for the second half, and that confidence has improved. Our total revenue pace for the second half is now over -- slightly over 9%. And a lot of that is Q3 that's driving it. So -- that's sort of how it lays out. Hopefully, that makes it clear. 
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So if you think about the $1.670 billion that we have guided to for the year, the way to think about long-term run rate, you take out $38 million of BI, right? So it's effectively the $10 million that we already had in the previous guidance, plus the $28 million that we have put into the guidance. You'll take out the $38 million, and then you will add $10 million for Alila Ventana, you would add $13 million for Nashville. So that, as Jim mentioned, we're expecting about $42.2 million this year. We already have $29 million in there. So that's where the $13 million is coming for Nashville. And then you would add another about $46 million, call it, for Maui. But for this year, our estimated Maui EBITDA is about $114 million. And if you add the $46 million, that sort of gets you back to where we were pre-fire. So when add that all up, I would say it comes to a pretty even $1.7 billion in terms of sort of ongoing run rate. 
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, Duane. So yes, your estimate is right. We did about $32 million of EBITDA from operations of the Ritz Naples -- what you will -- when you see the $42 million in the income statement, that really includes the $10 million of BI that was in our previous guidance. So for purely from operations, $32 million, that's about 50%. I would say Q2 is about 25%. Q3 is relatively close to 0, and then Q4 is the remaining 25%. That's sort of how it breaks up for the year. And yes, it is pretty consistent to prior levels in terms of seasonality. 
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, Robin, clearly, attrition and cancellation revenue is coming in higher, and I wouldn't say that's necessarily a systemic thing. We were expecting -- the attrition cancellation revenues to go back more to norm. We had in our previous forecast for the year, approximately $57 million or so for the year. And now we have closer to $71 million forecasted for the year. It's not across the portfolio. And part of it is our managers are frankly doing a much better job of collecting those revenues and contracts are tighter. So it's just been sort of a trend that we are seeing, and we may actually stabilize at those higher levels, but it's not a systemic issue about the portfolio or anything that was some of these jumps out on a onetime basis in Q1. 
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, it's difficult to exactly predict what it will be for the following year, but it seems like thus far, attrition cancellation is going to be at that elevated level, at least based on what we're seeing today. 
