Jim Risoleo: Sure. Chris, we have talked a lot about the Q1 performance and April performance internally at Host. And we just don't think we're going to be able to sustain the level of rate that we achieved in Q1 and in the month of April at our resort properties. The spring break that occurred this year was off the charts. It really was very, very, very strong. And we expect to see some moderation back to the mean. As we see a rotation from spring breakers back into the urban markets group and business transient coming back. So that's the reason why we brought the guidance down for Q2. Strong April, but we expect May and June to moderate. May is definitely going to be lower than April, June may be slightly above May at this point in time.
Jim Risoleo: Absolutely. So I only touched on outlet revenue and banquet revenues. I mean we have seen a very strong upward trajectory on golf revenues and on small revenues, parking is relatively flat and we expect that to pick up as people get back on the road and start traveling again. We see no downturn whatsoever in golf or small revenues. The one area that -- it did have an impact on our first quarter performance were attrition and cancellation fees of $26 million, and that's relative to $13 million that we collected in Q1 of 2019. So I wouldn't expect to see that level of cancellation and attrition fees going forward. But the other out-of-room spend should continue to grow.
Jim Risoleo: I would say take a look at sort of how we performed in 2019 on a quarterly basis. And given that we have come back much quicker than expected in terms of just getting back to normal seasonality. And that's obviously what's impacting our Q2 guidance. When you look at margin performance, it would be very similar to what we saw in back in 2019. The only thing I would say is, obviously, when you are growing revenues, rooms revenue is more driven by a rate that will flow through better. So in other words, you can expect sort of Q2 margins, no different from -- sort of fourth quarter of '19, where it's slightly better than the first quarter. But then if you look at the third quarter of 2019, there is a marked difference in what happens in margins just because rate drops. Back in '19, if I remember correctly, rate dropped close to like 10%, and there was a margin drop of about 600 basis points. So similar in terms of seasonality is what we would expect. So you would still expect sequential top line growth relative to '19, but you will see the apps tribute, revenue numbers sort of follow the same patterns as we saw back in 2019.
Jim Risoleo: No. What I would say is where we were pre-pandemic is about 3.9 million group room nights at the same time.
Jim Risoleo: But what's important to keep in mind here is it's -- we are talking about the full year, right? So Q1 obviously was impacted because of Omicron. The way to think about it is more the remainder of the year. The remainder of the year, we have 2.3 million group room nights. So that's Q2 through Q4. At the same time back in 2019 for the remainder of the year, we had 2.7 million group room nights. Does that make sense? So obviously, the [Indiscernible]
Jim Risoleo: I think it's a combination of all of the above, though. Clearly, I don't want to give the impression that our 16 resorts in those five properties that had over $1,000 in ADR for the quarter are going to fall off the face of the earth, they're not. I mean the demand is still there. We're still seeing it. But I think as we get past -- we got past April, we're going to get -- as we get into June, we have some seasonality issues associated with the resorts. As an example, the 1 Hotel South Beach in Miami, the Ritz-Carlton in Naples, Four Seasons, Orlando, just natural seasonality, we think, will may temper some of the demand at those properties. And then we are seeing group and business transient come back, which is going to clearly result in a RevPAR that in the aggregate is lower than what we saw in the first quarter and in the month of April. So we're delighted to have the business, make no mistake about it. We're very excited to see group in BT come back as strong as they have been coming brack and having the resort portfolio that we do and having put $1.6 billion to work last year with assets that have really meaningfully outperformed our expectations. In our minds, served as a good bridge to get us to the point where business transient and group recovers. So it's a combination of all of the above.
Jim Risoleo: Now I'll let Sourav get into it, but the short answer is no. We have looked at redemption numbers, and we don't think that, that is having an impact at all at this point in time. In fact, or as an example, for Alila Ventana, we're delighted that, that hotel is part of the world of Hyatt because that's the redemption numbers at that property really go a long way to allowing us to drive outsized RevPAR just given the small number of rooms that are there. And when we can really revenue managed the last -- down to the last room. That is how our redemption rate is set. So it's been very positive for us. And Sourav, I don't know you want to add a little bit of color on what we're seeing.
Jim Risoleo: We are constantly evaluating investment opportunities, David. And I think what has happened, at least through our lens, as we view the world today. As other hotel owners have seen the cadence of the recovery, we're seeing one of two things happening. Pricing expectations for a number of the properties that have been in the market early in this year have been beyond our reach. We just have not been able to pencil the underwriting to make sense. Other assets that we would like to buy, and that's because everyone is expecting a strong recovery, which, obviously, our first quarter results and our April numbers are validating as we move into 2022 and beyond. Other assets that are that we might want to acquire just aren't available for sale right now as owners sit and wait until cash flow recovers. So we are very well positioned. There's no question about it. We have $2 billion of available liquidity today as the year progresses that liquidity position will grow. And it puts us in a very strong position as we get later into this year and opportunities become available to really pivot and again be the buyer of choice as we were last year and take deals on all cash and not have to worry about the state of the debt capital markets today, which have gotten a little bit choppy, less loan to proceed -- less loan-to-value proceeds, higher interest rates, given the commentary and actions that the Fed has taken. And I think that patients is warranted at this point in time. We clearly are going to use the balance sheet -- beyond the light is that we were able to do what we did last year and get ahead of the curve and put $1.6 million of work early in the cycle. So I think everything is on the table, but it's very difficult to speculate on what might become available that meets our underwriting criteria.
Jim Risoleo: Let me start by saying that we don't have a red line through any market. And it really is dependent upon our view of value and likely performance going forward. So I agree with you that I think the puck is still going to the Sunbelt markets. I don't think that's going to change. And resorts, in particular, for a number of reasons. Number one is most -- very, very low levels of supply in those markets -- in the resort markets in general. But if opportunities present themselves in some of the markets that are at the bottom of the recovery list, and we thought that they were priced fairly and that we could add value and that the investment would serve to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio, which is what we're really focused on doing. We would certainly be prepared to transact.
Jim Risoleo: Specifically for Memorial Day, and this is, again, going back to sort of still the short-term lead time, we are seeing a key pace of 12% above 2019 levels. So still holding very strong for holidays. Sunbelt markets are pushing rates really nicely with rates on the books, up 44% versus the same time in 2019. But overall, still very strong performance for the upcoming holidays.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Jay. Those two assets were -- they each had a unique set of circumstances surrounding them that drove us to dispose of the properties in Boston. And let me say before I get into the specifics about each of these two assets, we still have a healthy presence in both markets. In Boston, we have the Boston Copley Marriott, which is part of the Marriott transformational capital program. We're in the midst of a complete renovation of that asset. So clearly, we are committed to the Boston market. But the Sheraton, given its location in the Back Bay and the size of the hotel and the plans on the part of the State of Massachusetts to sell the Hein Center, which the hotel was very dependent upon for groups. It doesn't have an adequate meeting space platform to service groups. And the group business in Boston now has moved to the main convention center, the hotel needed a lot of capital significant amount of deferred CapEx at that property. It just made a lot more sense for us to dispose of that asset and similarly with the Sheraton in New York. We have the time -- the New York Marry Marquis in Times Square and the Financial Center Marriott in Downtown New York. Both are in incredible shape. They were both part of the Marriott transformational capital program. The assets are well primed to really outperform as the recovery continues at pace, whereas the Sheraton, again, an older hotel and need a substantial CapEx. So in that -- the Sheraton was forecasted to lose $15 million at the EBITDA line in 2022. So I think those two dispositions will go a long way to allowing us to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the company. Taking the capital from those sales and investing that capital either in our existing portfolio through ROI projects or making additional acquisitions going forward as part of our capital allocation strategy.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Sure. San Francisco is actually shaping up better than we were expecting. The San Francisco -- I'll give you an example. San Francisco Marriott Marquis actually had 1,000 rooms per night midweek last three weeks of March. BT on the books for the last week of April is almost flat to 2019. So overall, pretty good through for San Francisco in terms of BT pickup.
Jim Risoleo: I don't think we're really comfortable talking about the second half of the year. It's very difficult at this point in time to forecast how this recovery is going to continue to unfold. So much of the business is being booked short term, although we are starting to see the booking window extend. As I mentioned, a very valid point, we think is on the corporate group business that we're seeing. The contracts that are being signed are for lower levels of food and beverage spend and smaller numbers of attendees that are then that are showing up. Because they just don't want to be dealing with attrition and cancellation fees if they have to cancel or if they -- if there is another event that as we saw in January and February. So at this point in time, I think we're confident and we feel really good about what we're seeing in terms of group bookings for the balance of this year. We had a nice pickup over Q4, where we had 2.7 million definite on the books at the end of Q1. We had 3 million definite room nights on the books. That compares, I think, to $3.9 million in Q1 of 2019 for 2020. So we continue to close the gap going forward and the same with business transient. It's coming back. We think it's going to continue to evolve as offices open. And we feel good about it, but we're just not in a position to give any guidance for the balance of the year.
Jim Risoleo: We are still down, I would say, about sort of high double digits of 18, 20 percentage points in occupancy in those markets.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, and I would like to thank everyone for joining us on our call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you. And we all look forward to meeting with many of you in person in the coming weeks and months. We really appreciate your continued support. Have a great day
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. Net-net, it's actually incremental for us because if you think about sort of where we are getting those redemption room nights. They're primarily in the resort destinations, which has very high occupancy and majority of our hotels in our portfolio are high redemption hotels, and we actually get a higher reimbursement rate at those hotels. And obviously, at a higher occupancy thresholds, it ends up being incremental in terms of revenue that's being driven by those redemption of room nights.
Sourav Ghosh: It's Sourav. So I think while rates will temper and a lot will be just natural business mix and market mix of shifting of demand to different markets as opposed to the strength of the leisure rate in those specific markets. So we will -- we still expect and just based on the demand that we are seeing into the next quarter and even the second half of the year, we are of the belief that the leisure rates are still going to hold pretty strong. And probably, frankly, well into next year, there's still a lot of pent-up demand. And once international borders really open up to the U.S., we think there is a meaningful amount of demand that's going to help sort of sustain those rates. Obviously, very difficult to tell to what magnitude it will be tempered as sort of the market mix takes place, but we still feel pretty strong about the leisure rates going through the rest of this year and into next year.
Sourav Ghosh: I would add, I mean, if there is any indication in terms of what we did in March as presentation of where we see the trends heading. I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks how March was over 100,000 room nights, which is now the high watermark. So if you remember back in 2021, we had -- the last high watermark was at 78,000 room nights in October of '21. So that's a 28% increase. What we can say is we see that trend continuing into April. And as Jim said, since the lead times are short, it's difficult to have visibility on BT well into the second half, but the trends are at least positive. And March ADR for BT was $223, and that's down only 1.6% to 2019.
Sourav Ghosh: So for the major urban markets, the weak day occupancy is still lower than what -- where we would like it to be, but it's trending in the right direction. I think that's the important point. From the last time we spoke on the fourth quarter call, there has been like a 4 point to 5 point improvement in midweek occupancies. So that's where sort of we have been focused. Weekend occupancy has obviously improved meaningfully in those urban markets, but that trend continues.
