James F. Risoleo: Yeah. We're looking at somewhere in the mid-6s. We're really bullish on these markets and these assets and, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, our ability to really get into the properties and bring our enterprise analytics platform to the table and our asset management expertise to just take a fresh look at how the hotels are being run. I'll give you a little more color on this, Anthony, but let me back up and just make one thing really crystal clear. These assets are great hotels. And we can talk about the metrics of each individual property in the markets that we're in. But as we sat back and said, okay, we sold $900 million of assets over the course of 2017 at a relatively low cap rate, $140 RevPAR in the aggregate, with high CapEx needs in slow growth markets. And when the opportunity to acquire these three hotels presented itself in the markets that they're in and our familiarity with the markets, we said, wow, this is a really terrific opportunity to effectively recycle capital. And we had the cash on the balance sheet. We have a great relationship with Hyatt. We feel that we could add value to this portfolio on many different levers. One thing that we didn't talk about with respect to the assets that I think is actually quite critical is based on our allocation of value, the cost per key for each hotel. So the Andaz Maui at a cost per key just slightly under $1.3 million, we think is really attractive. I don't know if you know the hotel, Anthony. I would encourage you to take a trip to Maui and go see it. I don't think I have to provide too much encouragement there. But it is a fantastic property and it sits next to the Marriott Wailea, then the Four Seasons, then the Grand Wailea and then our Kea Lani Palace. So one of the things that really gave us an advantage across the entire portfolio is our experience in each of these markets and the fact that we had iconic Hyatt hotels in both markets and have the ability to collaborate and centralize services, in this instance between the Hyatt Ka'anapali, and the Andaz in San Francisco between the Hyatt Burlingame and the Grand Hyatt Union Square. So we are just really excited and delighted to have the opportunity to acquire these assets. They are truly one of a kind, iconic properties in very fast growing markets and markets that we're very familiar with, and they underwrite. That's the other part of the story. I could talk about capital recycling, but as a first step in any acquisition we adhere to our discipline that you've heard me talk about many times over the course of 2017. The first step is to develop a 10-year pro forma taking into account all the CapEx needs that we believe are appropriate in a 10-year plan, and then making realistic assumptions about the near-term performance of these assets, looking at revenue generators and expense savings and building out a pro forma that also is reflective of the cyclicality of the industry that we're in, looking at a reasonable exit cap rate on the back-end and discounting those unlevered cash flows back to target a return over our cost of capital of 100 basis points to 150 basis points. So that's the first screen that we look at on any deal and we looked at it on this deal and it passed muster. I can't say it enough times. We're really delighted. We have a great relationship with Hyatt. They are great to collaborate with and we've always worked with Hyatt in partnership.
James F. Risoleo: So, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had contemplated renovating Moscone, not renovating, but reinventing and transforming a great asset in a great market in 2020. And then of course we all know what's happening in San Francisco next year. I think the last I looked, there was about 1.6 million group room nights on the books being generated by Moscone. And we balanced and did the analysis of should we renovate this year or should we wait into 2020. We think 2020 is going to be another terrific year in San Francisco. So we made a decision to pull the renovation forward and to put us in a position so that we can participate in the growth in San Francisco with a really truly reinvented hotel, which we believe will allow us to significantly increase our yield index in the property and drive more cash flow to the bottom line. The incremental disruption this year as a result of doing that, which is already included in our guidance, is about $5 million.
James F. Risoleo: I just think, Thomas, as we talk again, listening to the sell-side and the buy-side, your thirst for greater transparency, greater disclosure, giving you the opportunity to better understand the company and the assets that we have and how they perform, we listened, we heard, we provided. And really, at this point in time, it's nothing more than that. I think that the top 40 provide a really good picture of the quality of this company, the quality of the EBITDA, the valuation of those assets. Take the Kea Lani Palace, which is on Maui, which is the top asset in our portfolio; we didn't provide EBITDA per key, but you can certainly do the math. And if you do the math, you'll see that the Kea Lani Palace is generating $90,000 per key of EBITDA. So, I just don't know how many folks really had a good handle on the performance of these top 40 hotels and we thought it was important to highlight them. Additionally, as Michael mentioned, we also provided seven additional markets to give you a bit more granular look into Florida, as an example, where we have properties on the West Coast. We have properties in Orlando. We have properties on the East Coast. So the various submarkets in Florida, now you're going to be able to have a better gauge on what's coming out of each of those markets and how they're performing. And I think we truly are being very transparent here. I mean, we put a list in of our ground leases, our capital structure, debt statistics, so it's all in one place. You can go find it. You can download the information. And we're happy to answer questions.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah. Harry, it's a two part question. So let me answer the first part of your question and then we can talk about the second part. Obviously, as we underwrote this deal and evaluated the transaction, we identified certain ROI opportunities. As an example, at the Andaz Maui, part of the consideration includes an entitled parcel of land at the property to add 19 villa units. Now, we bought the land. It's a dead asset. We're paying real estate taxes on the land. We haven't underwritten the value that we would derive from developing those 19 units. And I think we've got a pretty good track record here, given what we've accomplished at The Phoenician. So we're excited about that one. There are other opportunities at the Andaz. As an example just putting a luau in place, those are real moneymakers. We have that experience up at the Hyatt Ka'anapali. At the Grand San Francisco, we will look at the opportunity to add eight keys to that property. We're looking at the re-concepting of the restaurant and room service. So, yeah, there are opportunities around all these hotels. Those are things that we didn't underwrite in the context of the acquisition. With respect to other assets that are out there that we're evaluating, we're not far enough long at this point on any additional acquisition for me to give you color around capital needs, capital spend, but the one thing I can assure you is that that's all taken into consideration in our underwriting.
James F. Risoleo: Shaun, are you talking about the integration of the Starwood Hotels into the Marriott platform. Is that....
James F. Risoleo: Yeah. I mean, we've been working closely with Marriott since the day they announced that they were acquiring Starwood. And there is always a little bit of uncertainty early in the process as the two programs are migrated together. We are very comfortable with the direction that this is taking. And not only are we comfortable with it, we're excited about it. Because when the Starwood legacy hotels that we own are merged into the Marriott sales system, we expect to see increases in revenue, increases in yield index going forward. So we've been on it from day one and it's not a concern to us.
James F. Risoleo: They're putting new leadership in place. I mean, this is actually a question probably better asked to Marriott, but I can tell you that they're putting new leadership in place. They are putting the organization in place. They are putting the final bells and whistles on it and about ready to tie a bow here.
James F. Risoleo: Rich, I think that the statistic that we follow with respect to the business traveler and group business is really business investment. And business investment for 2016 was negative 50 basis points. For 2017, it was 4.6%. For 2018, as of February, the forecast is 5.6%, so it's trending in the right direction. And I think that over the course of 2017, in particular, there was a lot of uncertainty out there regarding whether or not we were going to have a tax bill. There was uncertainty just generally given what was happening in Washington, D.C. I think that now that the tax bill's in place, corporations are still digesting what the bill means to them. But I can tell you that the commentary that we have is people are feeling much better about the economy. They're feeling better about spending money and investing. And when they feel better about investing, that means that they're going to travel, and they're going to come back to our hotels. So in past cycles, we have seen business travel, business transient accelerate when the business investment forecast gets up about 8%. So we're moving in the right direction, and that's why we're cautiously optimistic.
James F. Risoleo: I wish I could tell you yes. If I thought that, Rich, I wouldn't be holding back on you. I'd put it in our guidance. It's just too soon to tell. I think we saw a January that was stronger than we anticipated, based on budgets that were completed in November. We had a 300 basis point swing in January, from minus 1% to plus 2%. And that gives you a high degree of comfort, but I think it's too early to bake an acceleration of RevPAR as a result of the return of the business traveler into our numbers this year. One month doesn't make a trend.
James F. Risoleo: Jeff, I'll answer your second question first. We have no systematic disposition plan in place for this year. I think that over the course of 2017, you saw us opportunistically sell hotels for a variety of reasons. And this year, of course, we've announced that we're going to sell the W Lex. So we're constantly looking at opportunities to dispose of assets that are in slower growth markets with higher CapEx needs and lower RevPAR assets. Are we sitting here today saying that we're going to package up $2 billion or $3 billion? We're not saying that. And the reason we're not saying it is because we really like what we own today. And we continue to invest in our assets. There's obviously a differential between capital allocation to an asset like The Fairmont Kea Lani or the Hyatt Ka'anapali or the San Francisco Marriott Moscone (sic) [Marquis] relative to a suburban hotel. But there is nothing on the table right now to suggest that we're going to just blow out a bunch of those properties. With respect to the management contract, I would tell you it's a market contract. The terms are proprietary. And really, it's a long-term contract, but beyond that, I really am not in a position to comment on it.
James F. Risoleo: Well, as we discussed, we sold our assets in New Zealand. We sold the Hilton Melbourne last year, which took us out of both Australia and New Zealand. And there had been another Four Points that we owned in Perth, Australia that we sold a couple of years ago, several years ago. We have three hotels in Brazil, one in Mexico and two in Canada, as well as our interest in our European JV. So from our perspective again, it's we start with the fundamentals. And the fundamental is what do we think asset's worth to us versus what is the market prepared to pay us for it. And that's the screen that we do on every asset, whether it's international or in the U.S. So, of course, if we are looking at the potential exit of an investment in a market where RevPAR is accelerating, we'll take that into consideration when we determine what we think the whole value is of that hotel.
James F. Risoleo: I think that group pace has been around 2% in the quarter for 2018. 2019, I don't have that number in front of me. We're really focused on 2018 right now, but it's probably around the same, I would think, at this point.
James F. Risoleo: Well, frankly, over the course of 2017, we underwrote a number of transactions that would fit the profile of asset that we would like to own. We obviously weren't able to come to terms with a transaction that underwrote to our requirements. This year, we're hearing that there may be a few more assets of this ilk coming to market. Nothing's in the market right now. I talked recently with an investor who owns some high-end hotels, of course, to gauge this individual's interest as to whether or not they might want to consider talking to us about selling them, and the response was given the interest rate environment that we're in, we just put 15-year financing on the properties and we're really not interested in disposing. So I think that you'll see owners of hotels become sellers of hotels if they have unique reasons to do so. And one of the unique reasons that Hyatt had was that they're going to asset-light. And they announced on their call last quarter, that they intended to sell $1.5 billion of hotels. So there has to be, I think, a particular reason why someone today would decide that it's time to sell when financing markets are still relatively attractive.
James F. Risoleo: Oh, I got it. Yeah. I got it. In terms of pushing Sheratons that have not been properly renovated out of the system.
James F. Risoleo: Today, we are down to four Sheraton hotels in the U.S. We own: the Sheraton in Boston, on the Back Bay; the Sheraton, New York; the Sheraton in San Diego; and the Sheraton in Parsippany. So from our perspective, I don't think that the culling process in and of itself is going to impact us negatively. Of course, it's going to be much better for us once the Sheraton brand standards are reinvented and pushed out to the system. And I think Marriott is really making great progress on that front. It's going to take them some time to make this happen. But I think they're very dedicated to fixing Sheraton. Starwood had tried a number of times and really couldn't seem to get to the finish line. So we're supportive of it. And anything we can do to improve the performance of our asset and the guest perception of our asset, I think is a plus.
James F. Risoleo: Thank you for joining us on the call today. We are very pleased with our 2017 results and excited about the strategic transactions we have announced. We look forward to discussing first quarter results and how the year is progressing on our next call. Have a great day, everyone.
