James Risoleo: I believe that the underlying reason that we're seeing 5% increases in wages and benefits in 2020 really has to do with wage parity in certain markets. It's not a -- the 5% number is not rolled out across the portfolio, but it's in markets like Orange County, California and Houston, Texas. And we think that as we roll wage increases out, bring our associates at the hotels to parity, that we'll see more normalized wage increases going forward.
James Risoleo: It does not, Smedes. We have -- we studied this. We've thought about it and talked about it quite a bit internally. And I'm sure you're aware there is really no consistency among the lodging REIT peer group with respect to how we handle renovation projects and when renovations are deemed to be noncomp and when they come back into the comp pool. So we're still thinking about that. We obviously had a number of projects this year. There is a noncomp, and we frankly didn't think it was appropriate to make any changes with respect to the renovation side of the definition at this point in time. One thing that is consistent though that we have before not done is to report acquisitions on a pro forma basis. And everybody in the world of lodging REIT does report acquisitions on a pro forma basis, and that's why we made the change with respect to the 1 Hotel South Beach, and we will handle that in that way going forward.
James Risoleo: Bill, we're not seeing inordinate amount of turnover. In fact, we benefit from the labor practices of two world-class operators who run most of our hotels, Marriott and Hyatt. They had very good retention rates. They're very attractive organizations for people to work at. So it really is solely as a result of wage parity in certain markets. That's why we're seeing the large increases this year.
James Risoleo: Well, Bill, you asked one question that keeps us up at night. Again, it's something that we think about from a -- not only from a capital allocation perspective, but also from an operation perspective. We have lived through some pretty meaningful down cycles. I won't go back beyond 9/11. But of course, we learnt a lot, given what happened to our industry in the post 9/11 world and then lived it again in 2008, 2009. So I think if we were to find ourselves in this type of tepid RevPAR growth environment or flat to negative RevPAR growth environment with resulting EBITDA declines, we would be having meaningful conversations with our operators about lasting brand standards. And that can mean everything from taking a look at restaurant offerings and hours of operation to in-room guest amenities, to guest amenities in concierge lounges and club lounges. Not that we're not doing this today. We would really push beyond those lines labor scheduling and technology.  So I think that's one of the first things that we would do if we found ourselves near to this environment for an extended period of time. On the capital allocation front, our balance sheet has never been in better shape. We -- as we sit here today, we have $1.6 billion of unrestricted cash. And if we were to go 3x leverage today, we could buy $2.5 billion plus of assets -- $2.5 billion to $3 billion plus of assets. As we think about the macro environment that we operate in today, we are being measured in our capital allocation decisions. We like the optionality that our balance sheet gives us today. If we're in a slow growth environment, couple of things we would consider doing might include accelerating investment in our portfolio going forward. We have the ability to do that, so that our assets are very well positioned when we see a reacceleration of RevPAR. We might consider if our stock price comes under pressure, enhancing the buyback program.  And lastly, I think that if we are in this environment for an extended period of time, you're likely to see some distress in the hotel world. We're seeing it already in New York. There's been a number of articles written regarding the level of default in New York City going up. And we like the position we're in with the balance sheet that we have, the optionality and flexibility to pivot one way or the other in good times or in tough times.
James Risoleo: No, we don't self-insure. We are in a unique position given the platform that we have, the scale that we have across a very diversified set of market. Our insurance cost will be going up this year. The insurance renewals occur midyear. So we would expect to see insurance cost increase in July, going forward lapping. Insurance cost is about 10% of our total cost basis. So it's not that meaningful.
James Risoleo: Well, returns on development and redevelopment projects will at stabilization be double-digit cash-on-cash. It's going to range from property to property. Our returns on the Andaz Maui villas given the cost associated with developing and building Hawaii is likely to be on the lower end of that range, whereas we're in the process of moving forward with a large part at the Orlando World Center Marriott, where we expect very meaningful cash-on-cash returns as a result of putting that amenity in place and what that will allow us to do is shoulder a weakened transient business.  So the attractive returns we think that in addition to buying back our stock, which we view as incredibly inexpensive today, that investing in our portfolio is a very good place to be allocating capital. It's easier to underwrite these returns given our knowledge of the assets and the in-house expertise that we have. We have a best-in-class team, both on the asset management side and on our design construction side with years and years of experience of doing these types of projects. We are not going to say we never had a surprise, but we had very few surprises when it comes to construction budgets and timing. And we're very comfortable with our underwriting. I would just point out on the Marriott transformational capital program, where we're slightly underbudget in the aggregate for all the deals that we have undertaken today, and those are major products.
James Risoleo: I wouldn't say that -- I wouldn't really say it any differently. I mean, again, we have -- I have talked about it before. I mean we have the optionality given our balance sheet to allocate capital in a lot of different areas, whether it's within our portfolio, whether it's making acquisitions or buying back our shares.
James Risoleo: We feel that this dividend based on our forecast for this year and how we're looking out to 2021 is sustainable at its current level. If we were to take into consideration our discretionary CapEx, not our maintenance CapEx, but our discretionary CapEx, our AFFO payout ratio is approximately 70%.
James Risoleo: Well, as I'm sure you will -- Neil will accept, myself and others at Host are very involved in various trade associations. I'm an officer of NAREIT, I'm an officer of AHLA. Struan is involved with AHLA. Nate is involved with AHLA. We are keenly focused on these issues not only at Host, but in concert with our constituent groups at those respective organizations. So when we think about split roll, it's something that we talk about internally, that we talk about at AHLA and NAREIT. And I would tell you that there is a unanimous point of view about how that will be approached going forward from a lobbying perspective and otherwise.
James Risoleo: We don't see anything more on the horizon there. Rich, actually I want to clarify something I said about insurance. I put an extra 0 behind the expense growth, it's 1% of expenses, it's not 10% of expenses.
James Risoleo: Yes, sure. On the business transient side, Shaun, we just don't see pickup. In business transient, our long history is really driven by nonresidential fixed investment. And the uncertain macro environment that we're living in today is driving nonresidential fixed investment down to a forecast of 70 basis points for 2020, off of a high -- not high, off of a 6.4% number in 2018. So I think businesses are being very cautious. Small businesses, in particular, are being cautious about spending money in this environment. So we have more clarity on the election and more clarity on coronavirus. I do think we still need clarity on trade policies. I know we've implemented a Phase 1 deal with China. I think there's a Phase 2 deal with China that needs to happen. And there's uncertainty with respect to our trading partners in Europe today. So we're not seeing it on business trend.  I wish I could tell you that we were, but we're just not. We are comfortable with the cadence in our guidance based on our group visibility, which is weighted towards the first half of the year. And we expect to see further pickup in leisure transient going forward. So coronavirus, we've seen a total impact top line revenues of about $1.5 million. We -- this year that there's a 1 group -- Facebook canceled a meeting in San Francisco. It was about 14,000 room nights scheduled for the first week of March. We really don't know why they canceled that meeting. There's some speculation that it was as a result of coronavirus, but definitively, I can't say it was for that reason or something else. And we're not sure of anything else at this point in time.
James Risoleo: Our loyalty redemptions have been healthy. As I mentioned in the fourth quarter, we saw a meaningful pickup at three of our hotels, in particular, the Ritz-Carlton Naples, The Rich-Carlton Marina del Rey and The Phoenician as well. The changes that were made to the pricing structure, the tiered pricing structure and the occupancy levels to allow the owners to benefit in a greater way than have been structured under the old bed program we think are very sustainable going forward. We saw a meaningful pickup relative to the numbers that Marriott provided us when they were making changes to Bonvoy and more than double that the business cases they provided to us. And we expect to see additional pickups this year. The other thing that happened in the latter part of 2019 was a rolled out -- Bonvoy rolled out a peak/offpeak tier structure that we also think will provide benefits to the owners going forward.
James Risoleo: My personal point of view on supply is supplying that. I don't care what kind of supply it is. It's going to nip around the edges, we call it ankle biters. When we have big room houses and you've got a select-service hotel that's built in your submarket, it clearly is going to have some impact on you. The good news about our portfolio is that it's well diversified. We don't have any more than 10% of our EBITDA coming out of any one market. And it's something that we talk about with the brand all the time. I mean we are in a constant dialogue with them regarding impact of new development projects. It's just something that Host and all other owners are talking about and talking to the brands about today.
James Risoleo: Well, I think this is a very hypothetical question, Jim. But in theory, and I'm not suggesting for a moment that we would do this, we could borrow up to $2 billion and that would take us to 3x leverage. And that is not anything that we're contemplating at this stage of the cycle given the macro uncertainty that exists in the world today.
James Risoleo: Corporate transient is about 59%, Anthony. And of that 59%, roughly 60% business and 40% leisure, contracts about 5% and groups right around 36% to 37%.
James Risoleo: Thank you for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our fourth quarter results and 2020 outlook with you. Look forward to seeing you at NAREIT and talking with you in a few months to discuss our first quarter results as well as providing you with more insight into how 2020 is progressing. Have a great day, everyone.
