Ed Walter: Sure. At this point I think as we look out towards the end of year we are expecting that roughly a third of our hotels will be paying incentive management fees. And logically as we continue to move upwards in terms of EBITDA that number will increase.
Ed Walter: No. I mean it would be very difficult to speculate on the fly on that particular point because it's so unique to each individual asset. But just remembering back to the pace which we recovered in 2004, '05 and '06, it was a far more moderate transition than that.
Ed Walter: I don't know that I could add much more than what Barney would have speculated on the call last week. You can rest assure that we are wholeheartedly supporting the efforts of our operators to obtain meaningful increases from our special corporate customers. I think we are probably still a little early in those negotiations to have a clear read. Certainly some of the contracts that has been negotiated are coming in at the high single-digits, some times better. But, I think it's still up in the air and see how strong they ultimately end up.  One thing is for sure that was, where there has been a drag on our numbers this year, it should certainly start to contribute to average rate increases next year.
Ed Walter: Certainly there would be no particular brand that we would be trying to sell from. I think we are very comfortable with all of the brand partners that we have. In terms of regions I think broadly speaking we are probably more focused on the coast with the exception of Chicago and less focused on the interior of the country. And so some of those would be the sorts of locations that we would be more likely to sell; but having said that I think what you are going to find is that next year we'll have some level of acquisitions, we hope. A lot of that's going to be dependent upon both the performance of the assets that we are looking to sell meaning, have they started to come back closer to their peak operating levels.  So that we will feel comfortable that we are getting good pricing and we don't need to sell assets right now from a liquidity perspective. Selling assets is more about reaping value where we think we've created as much as we can and then it's also a part of just over time repositioning the portfolio, that bulk of the portfolio is located at higher growth market.
Ed Walter: With respect to which markets we are seeing the greater effect, I sense that we had and looking through our numbers that there wasn't a market difference. I think what you are just seeing is the good news that the customers are meeting again, groups are coming back to properties and the events are happening. I think what we've found over the course of the summer and as we looked out into the fourth quarter, is that they were probably being a bit more cautious about what they spent on food and beverage specifically on break that seemed to be areas we talked to the operator where we were feeling the most impact.  Its just coffee and water and soda instead of more elaborate food displayed and that affected the group's spending is per customer is down just a little bit and I wouldn't want to describe this as any kind of a sea change from our perspective but it was. We were expecting a little bit more in the third quarter and as we look out to the fourth quarter we realized that we should probably moderate our expectations there. The other thing that kind of happened on that side that I referred to in my comments that I think is a little tied into the ancillary revenue of this issue is that on the ancillary revenue side we're not seeing quite as much spending in spas and golf as we might have anticipated. You know with the strong increase in occupancy that we've had, we would have normally expected those revenues to trend up a little bit more aggressively.  Now if you look at where we ended up, I think we're probably up about 4% increase in occupancy, yet our ancillary revenues were only up about 1%. Again I don't think it's a major issue. It's just we were hoping that we were going to see a little bit more growth on that side. And I think what you're finding is consistent with the fact that groups are spending a little bit less on some food items. They're also spending a little bit less on some of the activities that are happening around events.  Now as we look in to next year, I don't know that we have enough data yet to necessarily draw a firm conclusion. I would expect that if you rather than thinking about what happened in prior recovery, typically what happens is that once first groups have to start to meet, then the next year you start to see folks be willing to spend a little bit more on the event in order to make the event a little bit more special. And we tend to start to benefit from that of course.  The other thing that will hopefully start to happen, and so far we've have only seen this happen in a couple of markets, is at some point the dynamics around the competition for leading space in hotels at certain high targeted times will begin to allow us to again to charge meeting room rental. And that of course, there is a flow-through on that particular revenue item is excellent.  We've been able to charge it in some markets this year, this last quarter, but not very many. Those occupancies continue to improve. I think there is a greater likelihood we'll start to see that next year, and that will factor into this equation too.
Ed Walter: With respect to the JW in Rio de Janeiro we had looked at that asset over the last couple of years. There were some title challenges with that asset that needed to be resolved before Marriott could execute a sale transaction and so once those were resolved it was possible for the two of us to negotiate but it was something that we had been interested in really as far back as two years ago. I think its somewhat coincidence or opportunistic in terms of the timing that we've had that of the first four properties we've bought, two of them have been located outside the US and two were located inside the US. I still suspect that on general, the majority of the acquisitions that we complete will be domestic. It's just that we have active in these other markets; we have been working in these other places for a while. We felt comfortable with the opportunities when they presented themselves and so we acted on them but by and large there are pipeline still has more assets that we're looking at that are domestic in nature than those that are international.
Ed Walter: I think the operators are still sorting that issue out but I don't believe that we're necessarily looking at anything that would be beyond what you think, usually the Employment Cost Index has a tendency to trend a half or so points above the CPI. I would suspect that if you look into 2011, you will probably find that wage increases will trend slightly above inflation kind of consistent with the long-term average. We are not getting the sense that there is going to be any major movement to sort of which I think is where your question is ultimately focused, is there is going to be a movement to try to catch up on some of the lower wage increases that might have happened over the last couple of years and so far we are not hearing that. And as we've talked a little bit, one of the things that might help offset some of those changes over the course of the year plus as Larry had talked about several times in his comments that we had some pressure in the broad salary and wage area because those bonus expense kind of coming back into our P&L as the properties perform much better than anticipated, certainly much better than last year. We still have bonus expense for next year but as you think about year-over-year changes, that bonus expense should not be significant in the year-over-year context as it was in 2010.
Ed Walter: No, I wouldn't read into our number, any sense that things are getting weaker. I think that the comp gets slightly more difficult in Q4. But I think that the one thing we did comment on as Larry went through the different markets is that we do have some renovations happening at some of our larger hotels that are going to hit in November and December of this year. Now the reason those renovations are targeted for that time of year is traditionally business demand levels and volume levels are lower. So we hope that there will be the less disruption, but in terms of thinking through what was going to likely happen in the quarter we were thinking that we should at least provide for some room for conservatism in case the impact turned out to be greater than we expected. Clearly we've had a lot of questions and meetings and sort of I think there's in the industry about the potential impact of some of the slowing that we saw in the economy during really the late spring and during the early summer and whether that's going to have any impact on our operations. And clearly that's something that we have been focused on. Now the short answer on that is that we have continued to see very good demand. September is based on preliminary results was up 9.5%. So September for us meaning, September for our monthly hotels including 2010 for our Marriott International hotels. So that's favorable compared to where we are for the third quarter.  Booking pace continues to follow the same pattern of being about in line a quarter out and then getting very strong during that quarter proceeding the actual quarter that happens and then bookings in the quarter continue to be good. We are also comfortable about the fact that as demand has continued to improve we are finding better and better ability to both stop a limit providing discounts to customers to solicit business and at the same time to begin to move rates. And of course the broader economic or the broader fundamental in all of this is that supplies is moderating consistently through the year and will be even low as we work our way into next year. So the net of it is that it is something we've been watching carefully. We've been looking carefully at every monthly report we get to try to see if there is anything that's suggesting that there is weakness. And I think really what's happening at least as it relates to our portfolio, which of course is very focused on urban market and has always benefited a lot from corporate travel is despite the fact that GDP growth has not been as strong as people might have hoped or certainly might have predicted earlier in the year, we're continuing to see that corporate investment and corporate profitability are very strong and frankly are coming in better than where people thought in the beginning of the year, and even better than where people thought at the beginning of the third quarter. We benefit from that trend because whenever investment is up corporate travel seems to be up. At least that's what history suggests. So I think that's why you're seeing the results that we are having. The good news for us is we worked a little bit further forward, is that the outlook for this point for corporate investment for next year is to be even stronger than what we're seeing this year.
Ed Walter: I think you could have been there certainly within individual quarters you could do better than the 80% but, A, a little bit more is probably in the context of the full year. I don't know that I'd be more aggressive than that.
Ed Walter: Jeff, it's a really good question and it's one of the things that we have thought a lot about as we've gone through our different strategic planning exercises. Certainly as you look around the world and focus on market flag, Brazil, India, China, you certainly see a lot better economic growth to what we are projecting to see in the U.S. and we know that economic growth ultimately translates into hotel demand growth. And that's the most fundamental reason why we felt it was important to explore our opportunities internationally. Today, international probably when you total up the amount of investments that we have in our portfolio in international markets, it's roughly in the 7% to 8%. That's counting in U.S., just our share of the JV and not the total magnitude of the assets that are there. But as we look into the future, if we continue to feel that we can invest successfully in those markets, every country is a little bit different and every market is a little bit different. So as we continue to prove to ourselves that we can successfully invest outside the US, I think for the very reason you suggest that we would feel comfortable in having that percentage increase in efforts to try to give us broader exposure to markets that are going to grow better than where the US is going to grow. 
Ed Walter: Yeah I think right now I would feel comfortable that given the reduction in profitability that at least the markets that we are looking and experienced, I would feel pretty comfortable that even if we ultimately come back to a rising rate environment frankly I hope that we do because it would suggest a healthier economy. I would feel comfortable that the increases in EBITDA that we would expect to benefit from would certainly keep asset pricing well above where it is today.  I mean at the end of the day pricing should in most markets move much closer to replacement cost and as I mentioned in our comments we think we are buying at a meaningful discount to replacement cost. The increasing interest rate or the low levels of interest rates, they have had some effect certainly on the ability of people to pay some of the prices that they paid. Where this is not quite as debt driven in acquisition environment right now that's what we saw in the '05, '06 and '07 timeframe.  Leverages plays a role in deals but it's not the driver behind deals right now because you just can't get leverage at the same level that you could get before. So none of it is, you will probably see cap rates go up over the next two or three years but I think some of that is going to be reflective of. It will little bit because rates are a little bit higher and it will be because as we start to progress through the growth phase that we all expect to see in these assets '11, '12 and '13 there's usually a little bit of moderation that comes, the anticipated growth rate moderates too.
Ed Walter: Certainly, from the standpoint of full service development I think I would be surprised if we saw real progress towards a lot of new development in the next 12 to 24 months. And I still tend to look towards the levels of supply growth that we saw in three, four, five and six as being indicative of what's likely to happen in '11, '12, '13 at least '11, '12 and '13. When I compare the two periods, even assuming we have the same rate of recovery that we had last time which I think is feasible, the reality is as we started a little bit lower, so the gap between value and replacement cost is certainly as great if not greater. The availability of financing in today's environment for new construction is weaker than what we experienced in the early part of the last decade. So while financing conditions are trending in the right direction, I don't see a lot of lenders racing to provide loans for new hotels. And that, that will be necessary in order for construction to really increase.  So, I think you're right, the value from the standpoint that values have recovered maybe a bit more quickly than people were projecting. The bulk of the reason behind that is the cash flows are recovering more quickly than people have projected. That will ultimately support new construction, but I think we have got a fair amount of time before that's going to happen.  Now, having said that, that's a full service discussion, I think it's even tougher in the luxury market. Luxury sells more, and luxury the last time was subsidized by a lot of condominium construction where the hotel was an amenity to a condo project. That's only going to make sense in markets that have a vibrant condo market, and I don't see that happening in the near term in most of the major markets across the country. We probably will see some limited service construction sooner than we'll see full service construction. Those properties are smaller, they are easier to finance, the numbers have always tended to work sooner with that type of a product. And so I suspect that when we do start to see supply numbers begin to trend upwards instead of continuing to trend downwards, it will be because of additional supply in that segment.
Ed Walter: Well certainly it will be all of the above. I meant we are encouraged by the fact that while the occupancy rebound this year has been strong as it has been. But at the same time, we're encouraged just last quarter by how strong the rate contribution was. We're probably if you look at how we've done; we are still not quite 50% back. So, if you look at the drop that we had from 73, 74 in occupancy in '07 down to 66 last year. We are working our way back but we're probably at best about half way back on that recovery.  So I will still be expecting next year that we would continue to progress back towards our prior peak occupancy levels. But certainly as you work your way through the year next year rate will play an increasing role. And what's interesting is that as you look at what's happened to us this past quarter is that change in business mix has been helpful but we've also been able to get absolute changes in rate within particular segments. And I don't see any reason why that trend won't continue into next year.  So to sum that up my guess is by the time we get to the end of next year, we probably would find that rate was a bigger contributor to RevPAR growth than occupancy but both will contribute.
Ed Walter: Great. Well, thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our third quarter results and our outlook with you. And we look forward to talking when you following the close in 2010 with more detailed insights into 2011. Have a good remainder of the week.
