James F. Risoleo: Sure, Rich. Happy to address your question. So, as we think about our strategy which we have articulated very clearly, it is to continue to build out the iconic and irreplaceable portfolio of hotels which we identified in our supplemental disclosure, the top 40. The top 40 hotels which have a RevPAR of roughly $234 accounted for roughly 62% of our EBITDA last year and generated close – over $900 million in EBITDA. So the portfolio within the portfolio is larger than any other standalone REIT that's in the public marketplace today. So we think about iconic and irreplaceable. We think about having scale and geographic diversity. And the last pillar really is the investment-grade balance sheet. So as we sit back and say, how do we get there, how do we continue to build out iconic and irreplaceable, our view is that there are two ways to do it. If the markets are – depending on where the markets are, you either buy hotels or you sell hotels. And we take a constant read of acquisition opportunities in the marketplace. We take a constant read of where the capital markets are today. And if we see an opportunity to recycle capital out of lower RevPAR hotels with slower growth prospects and in need of CapEx, that's certainly something we would consider to do because it's very consistent with our strategy.
James F. Risoleo: Be prudent allocators of capital, maintain your discipline, and don't be shy about recycling when you see the right opportunities, and don't be shy about buying when you see the right opportunities. And if your stock price...
James F. Risoleo: If your stock price happens to dip and you think your stock is a good buy, we have $500 million authorization and we certainly won't be shy about buying back shares.
James F. Risoleo: Well, Anthony, I think we would agree that that New York generally as a market is always going to be a good hotel market. Clearly, it's the highest RevPAR market in the country. I would tell you that we look asset-by-asset as we always have and we look at how we think our hotel is going to perform over the near to medium term and build out whole value scenarios and we look at alternative usage for every property in the portfolio, including our New York hotels. And as we mentioned in our release, we closed on the W Lex and we have the W Union Square under contract. And as we looked at the right strategy for each of those assets, we took all those factors into consideration. I think for the near term, New York is going to continue to have supply headwinds. We're obviously very in line with what's happening, with leveling the playing field from an Airbnb perspective, but New York is still going to have a lot of supply for the next two or three years, in our opinion, and it's a high-cost market in which to operate. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we're taking steps to reduce our exposure to profitability-challenged hotels, and those are hotels with high expense ratios, high expense flows and expense inflation and hotels that are in the need of CapEx.
James F. Risoleo: I think that when it comes to acquisition underwriting, it's the same process. And, of course, if we feel that as part of our underwriting that the CapEx needs of any particular potential acquisition or any value enhancement project that we might undertake are such that we will not be able to underwrite to our return hurdles then that will change our point of view about moving forward.
James F. Risoleo: I think, we developed – Smedes, we developed a optimal revenue strategy for every property in the portfolio. And those strategies are revisited on a daily basis quite frankly. So, as I mentioned, we have 95% of our group on the books. And we saw a nice pickup in corporate group, which is frankly more profitable given the higher total spend with food and beverage and AV revenues. So I think there's a balance. And clearly at some hotels, it makes sense to take more group, depending on what's happening in a particular market in a particular year. In other hotels, you want to take less group because you feel that you can drive corporate group, which is short-term bookings and higher-rated transient business into the property. So we have always had the strategy of optimal group transient mix. It's nothing new for us. It's something we've been doing for years, and we're right at about 40% group now, and it's going to vary by hotel and by market.
James F. Risoleo: It's not related to an appeal, it was an inducement; an inducement to redevelop. As you may recall, we in partnership with Vornado, redeveloped a retail parcel there, and we had some help from the city. We also got some help from the city on the Westin Grand Central. There will be minor tax ICAP rebates in the second half of the year, but it's nothing material or worth talking about.
James F. Risoleo: Sure, Thomas. Yes, we did look at other options for the properties. We go back to – let me take you back to 2006 for a moment, because we've been involved in New York for a long time, and in 2006, just to give you a sense of how we think about New York City, we own the Drake Hotel at 57th and Park, and we saw an opportunity to increase the FAR available to that hotel through purchasing air rights from adjacent property owners, really on 56th Street. And we assembled incremental FAR and we're able to deliver the hotel free and clear of the management contract, it was exquisitely timed, and recognized significant value. We sold the hotel for $440 million. And I think that was somewhere in the mid-20s from an EBITDA multiple perspective back then. I can say that by way of background to let you know that we look at all options that are available to us on every asset, and we are keenly familiar with New York and the current legislative landscape and what you can do and what you can't do. And that's all been taken into consideration. And we were very comfortable and very happy with the pricing we achieved.
James F. Risoleo: And then the one thing I would also throw in there on the food and beverage, we saw improvements in productivity and we saw improvements in food cost. And with the outsize spend in beverage being driven by corporate group and improvements on the flow-through that really helps our margin performance.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah. I think it's a little challenging, Shaun, to break it down with respect to what Marriott is doing. I will tell you that as we think about what Veenie (44:46) has said, that they continue to see margin improvements, they continue to work hard for the owners to reduce costs and expenses that we should see continued benefits from the various initiatives at Marriott. Whether it's reduced OTA commissions, we'll start seeing a benefit when the rewards programs are merged together with lower charge-out ratios on the expense side as we get our Starwood legacy hotels fully integrated into Avendra. We'll see lower procurement costs. We're seeing lower workers' comp costs on Marriott legacy properties as a result of Marriott implementing Starwood workers' compensation policies. So think about it in 2019 that maybe that's worth 50 basis points.
James F. Risoleo: I'll answer the question first by saying, David (sic) [Khoa] (47:06), you never say never. However, our strategy has been clearly enunciated that we are focused on iconic and irreplaceable hotels and with scale and broad geographic diversification and investment grade balance sheet. So, when we look at individual assets versus portfolios versus other companies, our first screen is iconic and irreplaceable hotels, and that's how we think about it.
James F. Risoleo: Sure. I think the buyer can come from different places. The buyer could be another REIT. The buyer could be a private equity firm, or the buyer frankly could be a sovereign. And we stay in close touch with everyone and keep a close view into the capital markets and what that financing might be available and what the cost of that financing might be and level of proceeds, and all that informs our decision as to what course of action we might take.
James F. Risoleo: We're really not seeing any deviation. As you know, some markets – performance flips market-to-market, but all-in-all, we're not seeing any deviation.
James F. Risoleo: Well, Bill, you know that we don't comment on published reports. We only talk about press releases that we might issue. But if you think about what I said earlier with respect to our desire to really build out the portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable assets and if iconic and irreplaceable assets are not available or if it would make economic sense and be accretive to shareholders to buy back stock or reinvest in our portfolio, those are always all levers that we have to create shareholder value. But to answer your question a little more directly, there are two ways that we can build out the iconic and irreplaceable portfolio. We can do it, number one, by buying those types of hotels; or number two, we can do it by selling hotels that don't fit that profile. From a sales perspective, everything that we do starts with a disciplined review of each asset and our view of value – our whole value taking into account what we believe is a reasoned operating pro-forma as well as the capital needs of the asset going forward. That is the first screen when we're thinking about selling a hotel and when we're buying a hotel as well. So, we'll wait and see what happens.
James F. Risoleo: We continue to – as we talked earlier, Bill, over the course of the last several quarters, we continue to explore options with respect to the Euro JV. We're making good progress. I have nothing to report at this time. I hope to be able to have something to report over the next two calls with respect to the Euro JV. The other assets that we have, we have three hotels in Brazil and one in Mexico City and a couple hotels in Canada that really would be the balance of our exposure outside the U.S. So, we're focused on bringing our complete focus back to the U.S.
James F. Risoleo: Sure, Robin. Group booking pace in the quarter for all future periods is up 22%, and group booking pace in the quarter for 2019 is up 10%.
James F. Risoleo: I'll point to the outsized performance we had at corporate group in the second quarter. It was up almost 15%, and we saw strong spend with food and beverage, and AB revenues. And we are hopeful we're going to continue to see that trend continue over the balance of the year. We may not get a full 15% for the rest of the year, but we still anticipate corporate group to be up. And we also are hopeful that we're going to see corporate group continue to come back to our hotels in 2019.
James F. Risoleo: Well, we finished this quarter with 84% occupancy in our hotels. We have not seen that occupancy since 2000. And going into the balance of the year, the hotels continue to remain full. 95% of our group is on the books for this year. Where we have opportunities to yield out lower rated business and increase rate, we are doing that. We see the leisure traveler as being particularly strong. No signs of any weakness on that front. We're encouraged that corporate group is coming back. We're encouraged that the business traveler has returned. And I am confident that over time, assuming that those trends hold, which we have every reason to believe that they will, that we will be able to increase rates.
James F. Risoleo: The retail is virtually completely leased as is the signage. I think we have one space left. The ICAP will be around, but it will be – it will be around for a number of years, but it's going to be in lesser amounts.
James F. Risoleo: Hey, you might – well, why don't we take this one offline. There's a lot of detail behind it and probably best to view that separately.
James F. Risoleo: Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We look forward to discussing third quarter results and how the year is progressing on our next call. Everyone, please enjoy the rest of your summer.
Michael D. Bluhm: Well, CapEx is obviously one factor that we look at, Michael, when we evaluate what we think a hotel is worth to us. We are early into the budgeting process for our comprehensive 2019 capital plan. We'll have some meetings in September to really drill down, and as we do every year, look at hotel by hotel project by project and make some determinations on if owner-funded CapEx is required, is there a value play and are we willing to invest in the asset. So obviously, we have a full in-house capability with our design and construction group, and we're very current on trends in both labor and materials cost. And when we sit down, we will have all those facts and figures in front of us.
Michael D. Bluhm: On the margin side, Smedes, right, as we mentioned on the call, we had a – the property tax rebate had a 40 basis point impact to our margins. That's the same amount for the year-to-date. For the full year, the ICAP margin impact will be 17 basis points.
Michael D. Bluhm: Sure. So, a couple of things. So, first – so why don't we talk about the margins, the 90 basis points of which rate 40 basis points was attributable to property tax rebate taking us down to 50 basis point of sort of operational improvement. Of that, it was a mixture – it really was a very broad mixture of things, both top line and bottom line. In particular, we saw super strong F&B revenues, particularly banquet A&B, driven by over 15% corporate group business in the quarter. We also had – we talked about earlier, 80% of our ADR growth this quarter – or 80% of our RevPAR growth this quarter, driven by ADR, which as you know, just drives more profitability to the bottom line. We had a fair amount of an increase in utility revenues which are high profit, and our managers continue to try to find ways to continue to find those higher-profit opportunities in ancillary revenues. But then, when you go down to departmental expenses as well, we saw a fair amount of efficiencies coming out in those departments as well as on distributor operating expenses. So when I sort of think about where we were finding savings and opportunities, it really was very broad, both top and bottom line.
Michael D. Bluhm: And we're still expecting now a fair amount of expectation around revenue synergies driven by the sales force integration, loyalty program integration among others, so.
