James Risoleo: Yes, Bill, well, thank you for the congratulations. Even though we have a ways to go to get back to 2019 levels of RevPAR and EBITDA and exceed those levels. We really like the trajectory that we're on at this point in time. So I will take the congratulations in a tough environment.  With respect to acquisitions, I think we all agreed that, let's call it a year ago, we believe that there was going to be a lot of distress in the marketplace. And I would point to our Hyatt Regency Austin acquisition as an asset that was under distress.  The ownership, the borrower in that deal was staring down a UCC foreclosure action that was going to occur at the beginning of April, as you know, we bought the hotel in mid-March or thereabouts. And saved that borrower and paid off all of the debt associated with the hotel and acquired a really good asset at a significant discount to pre-COVID evaluations.  I think that a couple of things are happening now. There is a lot of equity in the marketplace, chasing deals. Good deals are going to price at close to where they would have priced in 2019. There's no question about it. Solid resorts like the Four Seasons Disney, which are truly iconic and irreplaceable assets. Are going to be fully fairly priced.  I am not seeing generally a lot of distress in the marketplace today, particularly for the better quality assets. And we are not really seeing a lot of distress across the system right now. So I do think that there is a lot of capital out there.  I think as you compete more in auction processes, pricing is going to going to be aggressive. However, we're coming out of the worst downturn that we've ever experienced in the lodging industry and the pandemic induced recession in the United States as well, we're turning the corner, and we are firm believers that for the right assets at this stage of the cycle, it's the time to acquire. It's a time to continue to shape the quality of the portfolio that we have.  We were fortunate that coming into 2020 on a number of different metrics, the company had never been in better shape. We talk a lot about the balance sheet and the firepower that, that's given us to deploy $800 million of capital today.  What we don't talk about a lot, but I think it's really important that investors understand it is our RevPAR metrics as of January 1, 2020, and our EBITDA per key performance as well as the fact that over the last several years, over the last 5 years, we have consistently tightened up margins year-over-year.  We had margin improvement going forward. So we are just delighted with where we are. And we hope that we're going to have the opportunity to acquire additional assets early in this cycle so that we can ride the economic wave.
James Risoleo: Sure, Robin. With respect to deploying the remaining capital that we have, the cash that's on the balance sheet obviously, we have some restrictions in connection with our bank waiver agreement today.  We're looking forward to the time whenever we're going to come out of that the waiver amendment as operations improve, we're hoping that's going to be sooner rather than later. It's very difficult to hypothetically answer the question of whether or not we're going to be investing additional capital because it's really transaction specific, and we are evaluating a number of opportunities now, we've evaluated a number of opportunities over the course of this year that we've let out because we didn't think they were the right fit for host for 1 reason or another.  So we have teams that are back on the road. I'm back on the road looking at assets. We have people on the road today as we speak, looking at assets, and we're hopeful that we're going to be able to get some additional capital smartly deployed.  With respect to the Four Seasons Orlando, the resort sits on roughly 289 acres. And the short answer is that on the acreage that we have today, we do not see a current opportunity to redevelop any of that property. It includes it's -- if you haven't seen this property, I encourage you to look on the website or better yet, go visit it because it is really a fantastic, truly iconic and irreplaceable asset. It has an 18 hole golf course, it has 444 rooms, 55,000 square feet of meeting space, a 13,000 square foot spa, it has a 5-acre water park and tennis courts and 6 food and beverage outlets.  So while the 289-acre sounds like a lot of acreage, it is being fully utilized today in a very, very efficient and a very useful manner.
James Risoleo: Sure, Thomas. We do have a view, obviously, in our underwriting. We put a lot of thought into it as we do in every acquisition. Let me start by saying that this is the type of hotel that we have a lot of experience with and that we have in the past, delivered a lot of value to our shareholders through our asset management and enterprise analytics capabilities.  As we look at this property out of the box is profitable as we speak. And we're optimistic that the performance of the asset is going to exceed our underwriting expectations for 2021, for sure, the way it's going. There are a lot of things Sourav and I will kind of tag team this a little bit in a moment. But as we look at what's happening in Disney and in the country, we're very optimistic that we're going to see strong performance of this hotel going forward.  We believe that this property is in a position to perform better from an EBITDA growth profile than the rest of our portfolio and to recover to 2019 levels of EBITDA and beyond sooner than the rest of our portfolio does.  Additionally, and I'll let Sourav put some color on this, we feel that the asset has multiple asset management opportunities to advance margin and operational improvement.  One other point I'd like to make is that October 1 this year is the 50th anniversary of Disney World of the Magic Kingdom and Disney is planning an 18-month celebration, starting October 1. So we expect that we're going to see incredible demand flowing to this hotel.  One of the things that we looked at is the performance of ultra luxury assets. And if you look at ultra luxury assets over the last 20 years from 1990 to 2019. And those are defined as hotels with a RevPAR of $500 or greater. The CAGR was 6.2%. And if you look at the top 25 markets over that time frame, the CAGR was 3.2%.  So we think that there is incredible demand out there for this. The resort is becoming a destination onto itself, not only a destination for people who want to stay at Disney, but a vacation destination given the amenities that are on property. I've heard from some people that they take their family to stay at the Four Seasons and the kids only want to go to Magic Kingdom. So all good stuff as we see it going forward.  And I'll let Sourav talk a little bit about some of the things we're looking at.
James Risoleo: Sure, Lukas. Again, $95,000 an acre currently being utilized for 2 golf courses, and a couple of restaurants on that site. It's immediately adjacent to the Hyatt Regency Maui, an asset that we have just completely repositioned.  It was a -- one of the assets that was under a multiyear repositioning program and when COVID hit, we were able to go back to our general contractor and renegotiate the contract is to give you context and accelerate the renovation and repositioning of that asset. So it was completed in November of last year as opposed to a year later, plus or minus.  We see opportunities going forward, subject to zoning and doing a additional development in Maui takes time. There's a long process, but that we have experience with that, given what we were able to do at the Andaz with the addition of our Villa units.  And there are opportunities on that land to add rooms to the existing hotel to build another hotel to build a select serve hotel. As we think about it, and use the petition as the Blue -- Play bulk and Blueprint, where we took 27 holes of golf and shrunk it to 18 holes those are things that we're going to think about going forward in Maui.
James Risoleo: Yes. It is 3 to 5 points of yield index growth relative to where the asset was performing pre renovation. And the assets that we're talking about are not only the 16 Marriott transformational capital program assets but other assets where we invested ROI money such as the doses are and what we're going to be doing at the Ritz and Naples and other hotels across the portfolio.  Where does it come from? It's tough to say, Chris. We think that in the middle of the pandemic, the 1 asset that we can point to that has really captured a lot of incremental market share is the Coronado Island, Resort & Spa in San Diego.  I think the yield index gain for well over 9 points at that hotel. So it's going to be case by case, and I don't want to promise anything, but as we are putting money in our hotels and renovating our properties and repositioning them, we're going to have a distinct advantage as business gets back to normal.  And I personally believe that we should be able to achieved more than 3 to 5 points of yield index growth because we're going to be competing with hotels that haven't been renovated that are going to have to be renovated going forward. And there's going to be incremental disruption associated with those renovations.  When they do occur, and it's going to have to happen or we're just going to be competing with a tired property. So we are very fortunate to have had the ability to continue to invest in our assets over the course of 2020, and we're doing the same thing this year going forward.
James Risoleo: Yes. I don't know that it's going to be sustainable, Aryeh. I think that this year, was a unique point in time with businesses closed and people working from home and people being in a position where they can work from anywhere as children get back into schools and as offices open, I think we're going to see a return of business transient traveler and return of group business, and we are just very fortunate that our resort portfolio and our assets in the Sunbelt have carried us through in a material way.  We never thought that we would be profitable in the first quarter. We had 30 hotels that were profitable for the entire quarter. And I don't know that we talked about this before, but we had 38 hotels 42% of our rooms that were profitable for the month of March.  So do we think that we're going to continue to see this outsized performance? I think for a -- for the near term, the answer is yes. And when I say near term, we're talking about another year or so because there's so much pent-up demand out there is so much money in savings.  There is $6 trillion that individuals have in their bank accounts today, they want to spend it. For sure, they want experiences. They're happy to get on the airplane and go. One of the other interesting data points that we look at is air capacity.  And surprisingly, for Maui, our 3 resorts, I gave you some numbers on how they're trending for June and July, which I don't think anybody would have believed that sitting here a year ago, that we'd be seeing 80% to 90% occupancy at an ADR up 28% and our 3 resorts on Maui.  It's the only market in the country the only air mark in the country being Maui, that has more capacity right now than it did in 2019. Air capacity from Maui is up 4%. So for the near term, I think you're going to see incredible pent-up demand, replenished travel, we are seeing it. That's going to continue.  But is it sustainable over the next 3 to 5 years? It's hard to say, but I doubt it. At that point in time, we are really going to be able to compress rates as we have group business and business transient business back in the hotels.
James Risoleo: Anthony, I think that we are very open-minded to investing in both types of assets. We're comfortable with a hotel like Austin that puts the profile of assets that we own today that we know how to effectively asset manage as I've talked earlier on this call, we're very comfortable with an asset like the Four Seasons Orlando.  And it really comes down to what I said in my prepared remarks. Regarding improving the EBITDA growth profile of the company. So that's where you're going to see us putting capital into assets where we feel that we can improve the overall EBITDA growth profile. As I mentioned on our fourth quarter call, we're prepared to look beyond the top 25 markets. We did that with Austin.  We're continuing to do that today. The demographic trends are changing in this nation. And a lot of people and a lot of businesses are relocating to cities in Sunbelt states, and we're going to follow the demand.  So I think you can expect to see us invest in a Marriott array of properties so long as they're all going to approve the overall growth profile of host.
James Risoleo: Well, everyone, thank you for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results with you. I look forward to talking with many of you over the coming weeks and at NAREIT in June. And at REIT World in person at the Wind hotel in November. Just ask -- I'm going to ask you to just do a couple of things. If you haven't gotten vaccinated, please get vaccinated. Enjoy your summer travels and go out and visit some of our hotels. Lastly, be well and stay healthy. Thank you very much.
Sourav Ghosh: The only thing I would add is in terms of booking activity. So our properties booked 440,000 room nights for the next 3 years. So that's '22 through '24 and to put that into perspective, that's 17% better than 2019 levels. So we're certainly encouraged by the booking activity that's taking place and hope that continues as we go into the second and third quarters for future years as well.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. So we -- like with any acquisition, we have the best practice to pay book that we will share with the property and then work collaboratively with the management team to implement those best practices. For example, we have a best-in-class functional space management strategy to maximize revenue per available space. The meeting space that exists on property.  We've obviously done a lot with our existing luxury resorts in Florida as well as across our portfolio. Additionally, given that this is a resort and it has a ton of ancillary income as well, it's going to be all about maximizing total RevPAR, which we have again successfully done in implementing it, whether it's the 1 South Beach one of our recent acquisitions or it's Naples in Florida as well.  So a lot will be -- a lot of focus on total RevPAR and driving ancillary income. We will also work -- and the Four Seasons actually has a very experienced management team, work with them to identify any operating model opportunities as we have successfully again done across our luxury resorts and implement them as soon as possible.  So we look forward to working with the team. The other piece is, obviously, we're evaluating multiple ROI opportunities, particularly as it relates to food and beverage. Which we are excited to move forward on as well.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. Sure, Smedes. Relative to '19, when you think about it at this point in time, we would have about 60% on the books for the following year. We have approximately 45% on the books for 2022.
Sourav Ghosh: It is certainly an ongoing dialogue, and it is going to be on a case-by-case basis, as you can imagine, at resort properties, it's going to be somewhat different than with urban hotels. And also business mix is also very dependent. So it's something that we are constantly -- we are having conversations with our managers to see how that brand standard will evolve as we get into more stabilized operations.  So it's a continuing dialogue, and it definitely is going to be on a market-by-market basis. But there certainly is opportunity to modify housekeeping relative to what it was pre-pandemic.
