W. Edward Walter: I could tell you that we, certainly, are seeing growth across all of our markets. This particular quarter, it was centered more in New York and the West Coast, but we also saw some pretty solid group growth down in Florida, in both Orlando and in Naples. That's a big part of what drove the activity at those hotels that I commented on. And so I feel comfortable that we're seeing it across different price points. As it relates to the spend, we've been encouraged that -- for the catering contribution. So that's the amount of F&B per group room. It has been up for the last 2 quarters. I think that still is something that tends to jump around a little bit, but I've been encouraged by the fact that, that grew as aggressively as it did in the last quarter. And then maybe, at least an early signal that companies -- I think the bigger swing here is in the corporate group activity. The companies are getting a bit more comfortable in spending more associated with their group event.
W. Edward Walter: I mean, I feel -- certainly, there is no secret that supply in New York is pretty heavy this year. I think the numbers that we're looking at across all segments are in the mid-7% range. And unfortunately, it looks like 2015 is also going to be fairly strong on the group side. I think our current estimate now is somewhere north of 5%. I would say that group activity in New York continues to be solid. I wouldn't say it stands out one way or the other compared to the other markets that we're involved with. It's obviously in the first quarter because the Super Bowl did quite well. But I think looking longer-term, I think in our portfolio, it seems to be consistent with the rest of the portfolio. As I -- it was going to be -- the problem with that much supply is that despite the fact that New York is one of the most exciting, strong demand-generating markets in the country, probably in the world, that's a lot of supply to overcome. And I think we're all going to be struggling a little bit to generate rate growth in that environment.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. It's -- that's a very good question. I think pricing is slowly but surely working its way back up, not quite to the levels that we saw during the last cycles but, certainly, has been improving. So you would think that, that would start to draw more sellers out. I think the fundamental problem, perhaps, is the fact that there is a universal perception that this cycle has a fair amount of time left to run. You've got low supply for the next week, the next 2 years, and I would still be guessing that 2016 supply will be below demand. So as -- and again, I think that's fairly well-known. So there -- I think the desire on the part of people to sell is probably driven more by strategic reasons than a sense that they -- the time is to -- now is the time to act in order to get out before the cycle starts to go the other direction. So you haven't seen -- just not seeing that impetus behind that higher activity. Overall, though, I think we've been seeing each year. We've been seeing the amount of transaction activity slowly creep up. My general sense from conversations with the brokerage community in the beginning of the year is that they expect activity in 2014 to exceed the activity that we saw in 2013. And so I think we'll probably have a little bit better clue on that as we work our way through the summer because there seems to be the way the cycles work the last couple of years. That activity begins to heat up as we get into some of that NYU conferences and some of the others that tends to be a focal point for folks to put assets on a market with the desire of closing those transactions before the end of the year.
W. Edward Walter: Well, I'd say we are certainly looking internationally, although its competitive in that environment too. I think as we look -- start to think about the United States. We are looking -- we'd love to do some more transactions that might set up similar to the Powell Hotel acquisition in San Francisco. We'd be open to more limited service. I don't know how much more limited service development we would end up doing, but I think in a few select markets, we would be open to that. So one thing I would say is we have no particular plans to be buying in the Caribbean. There may be opportunities there, but our past experience in that market would suggest that, that's a market better avoided.
W. Edward Walter: That decision ends up being a market-by-market analysis. I think that, certainly, in the timeframe that we're in today with some of the commentary that I gave and the answer to a prior question, I would certainly feel comfortable about pursuing and repositioning in those markets in the U.S. And there are, I think, markets that show really good demand growth, you could see an opportunity to do new development, although, again, I don't want to suggest at all that, that's the priority for us. So I think for a select service development, there is an opportunity to move forward with something in that area and feel comfortable that you're delivering still at -- in a point in the cycle when it's trending positive.
W. Edward Walter: I don't know that we've really run that specifically on that. I think we've been suggesting that we would expect the second quarter to be weaker than the first quarter primarily because of the holiday shift. I don't know that I have a specific percentage to give you, though, for -- to quantify the impact of it.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. Steve, let me answer these in reverse order. I think we're going to shy away from any specific commentary on brands within our portfolio. Yes, I think that they all report on their own, but I don't -- so you get a good sense as to how they're performing on a relative basis, but I don't -- we've not provided disclosure on that in the past, but I don't think this would be the time to change. On your question on the dividend, I'd say, broadly speaking, we would be expecting, as EBITDA continues to grow, we would be expecting in general for our taxable income to continue to increase. And so that in and of itself should require that our dividend continue to grow. So then the second part of the question becomes what to do with the free cash flow that we're generating, which, as we've talked about in the past, is north of $300 million a year, and how do we think about applying those proceeds going forward. And I think the question is you sort of identify, kind of comes down a bit to what do the acquisition market look like and what are the opportunities and whether it's acquiring properties or whether it's investing in the properties that we already have. That -- I think to the extent that we can find investments of either type that meet our return the parameters, and I'd say that at this stage of the cycle, that would still be our first choice in a lot of ways, but to the extent that we do not identify those opportunities or to the extent that the sales [indiscernible] we generate from asset sales exceed the amount of the investment opportunities, then we're going to look at ways to return that capital to our shareholders. I think certainly one way to do that is an increase in the dividend. And at some point, another alternative would be to repurchase stocks. But I think we're open to looking at each of those as we work our way through the year and into 2015. But I'd still say that given -- we still want to continue to grow through investment if we can, but if not, we'll look to return capital.
W. Edward Walter: I think, Greg sort of answered that question to some degree. And I think, you're also right that we're -- we'd probably feel more comfortable raising that after we get -- the halfway point in the year. But we certainly, given the strength of our Q1 performance, which was better than what we had anticipated in February, we certainly feel more comfortable in the higher end of the range of RevPAR that we provided. We'll look at that when we get into July for our next call.
W. Edward Walter: I think that what ended up happening in Washington is that there was just better overall transient activity and some group strength, especially in March, that helped Washington do better than we had expected at the beginning of the year. Yes, the other thing too is inauguration, while a bit of a hill to climb, was not as beneficial in '13 as we would have hoped. So it's still a challenge for the market for this year, but perhaps not as big as in the historical context.
W. Edward Walter: To be honest, I don't have -- some of this is -- our reporting and our statistical analysis has really improved significantly since the prior peak, so I -- that's a good -- that's something we should look into a little bit more directly. I don't really have an answer for you on where our banquet revenue would match compared to the prior peak. On food and beverage overall, we're still -- we finished the year running about 10% behind where we had been at the prior peak. So I would be expecting -- for this particular quarter, I'm sure we were beginning to approach where we had been before for the full year. Given the guidance that we've given, we probably are still -- we are still looking to be 5% to 6% behind our prior peak level food and beverage activity.
W. Edward Walter: We have looked at a couple of transactions in Seattle. I don't know that we have looked at anything in particular in Denver in the last 12 months. There are a few new developments being contemplated in Seattle, probably, the largest of those is the convention center hotel that a local developer is attempting to finance and get off the ground. So I think -- but overall level of activity in both markets is probably about market average right now. I wouldn't say that there's been a big surge in activity there.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I think generally though, in Chicago for this year we are -- we're not seeing as -- this is not a strong of a convention year [indiscernible]. This market tends to move a bit in the cycle. This is not one of the [indiscernible] Chicago. And so we probably expect lower levels of performance there for the full year.
W. Edward Walter: My guess is that, well, certainly, we'd get a benefit as we enhance the hotel in terms of both one part as you get a little bit of a year-over-year benefit from not having a disruption, but more importantly, you get a benefit from having enhanced the asset. I think we're looking at relatively consistent levels of maintenance level spending over the next couple of years. It should -- we should see a surge in disruption other than at particular hotels. And we hope we continue to spend intelligently on those hotels, we should continue to see lift. But I don't know that I would expect anything remarkable one way or the other for the next couple of years.
W. Edward Walter: The latter really tend -- we have distinct team so we have a European team that's focused on Europe. We have a Latin America team that's focused on Latin America. And then, of course, we have our office in Singapore that focuses on Asia investments. And then, in the States, everything right now has been out of assessment. So I'd say from a standpoint of time, each of the offices is pretty -- is 100% focused on activity within their region. And then, as that bubbles up, Greg and I and Struan and the other folks that are on our investment committee, that tends to vary based on the month depending upon what's hot in a particular jurisdiction. Overall, I would say, we'd still find that we've spent the majority of our time talking about investments in the U.S., but the international piece of it is a meaningful component of what we're looking at. In terms of the buyers internationally, yes, I'd say that our world is becoming more and more of a global marketplace from investments. And so capital from Asia is interested in the U.S. Capital from the Middle East is interested in the U.S. and Europe. Certainly, the Asian markets are very active with Asian capital directly. So we run into different types of investors in different markets, but certainly, some of the larger players, especially some of the sovereign wealth funds, are active across really in every jurisdictions and we will -- we run up against them on transactions on a consistent basis.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, yes. I would say that we're generally consistent with where we've been. But I think we were pretty encouraged by the -- by what we saw on the group side kind of both activity in the quarter, for the quarter and looking forward. Our in-the-quarter, for-the-quarter activity was up about 19% compared to what we had experienced in 2013, so that was a good jump. As we look at the -- as I commented, as we look at the rest of the year, we saw an increase in activity of -- north of 4% in terms of room nights for the remainder of the year, but if you leave out April, where the -- where activity was down because of the Easter holiday, the activity after April was up nearly 10%. So I think, when we kind of watched what was happening in-the-year, for-the-year-type activity, we felt pretty good about that and that made us increasingly comfortable with how group will play out for the full year.
W. Edward Walter: Perhaps. I mean, there's sort of pluses and minuses of the holiday being in April. I mean, Mike, I'm not certain I would completely agree that the impact is disproportionate in the second quarter, because I think that the second quarter overall is a bigger quarter for us, and so the losing of the 2 weeks, and losing some group activity there is probably in some ways potentially less impactful in Q2 than it would be in Q1, which tends to run at a lower overall level of volume. The benefit of it being extended in a full year context is that it does tend to -- later Easter tends to extend the spring break season. And so again, it wont show up in a year-over-year number for the -- for April or for Q2, but in the long run, it stretches out the Easter -- or the spring break season, which tends to be a positive in Florida. So I think all in all, we'd rather see Easter occur in April if we had a chance to control the calendar.
W. Edward Walter: Harry, I don't know that we -- I mean, if you -- when I think of that question, I think of that in the context of assets that might have some deferred CapEx, because of course, we're always in a situation where we are reinvesting in our hotels. I don't know that I have a real accurate specific number to give you, but I would say that I would view it, from a deferred CapEx perspective, as very small. And the bottom line is we've been consistently investing in our portfolio. As we've talked about in the past, we took advantage of low pricing back in 2010 and 2011 to accelerate our capital program in an effort to try to both improve the quality of our hotels, but more importantly, do it for less money. And I think we're still seeing the benefits of that in terms of our performance. So I'm sure if I sat down and looked at the list of our hotels that -- there's a half a dozen where you could say we've under invested. Some of that -- in general, if that situation exists today, it's because we didn't see an economic benefit from making the investment. And so typically, those are assets that we might be contemplating on selling while we don't think it's -- where we think the buyer would probably prefer to control that CapEx decision. On the ROI front. Those are the things that we are constantly looking at. Of course, we've spent some time at our Investor Day trying to highlight the fact that we felt that there are a lot of opportunities within the portfolio. So as you look at what we're -- this year, we've talked in terms of $70 million to $80 million. I would view that as a target in my own mind about what we should be trying to do on a consistent basis going forward.
W. Edward Walter: I mean, I don't know that I have a lot to add these on what I said in -- I think I was responding to Steve's question before. I don't know that it's so much of a performance question that would drive us to do with. I mean, I think we've been pretty clear that we thought it was important to achieve certain balance sheet objectives before we start to contemplate any -- paying a dividend that would be larger than taxable income. As we've been indicating over the course of the different -- whether it's calls or investor presentations, during the first 4 months of this year, we have made great progress in strengthening our balance sheet and are feeling that we're going to be accomplishing our objectives in 2014 on that front, so that does provide us with the opportunity to think about deploying the free cash flow that we generate in different ways. As I said before, I still hope, because I think the cycle has got room to run, that we can find ways to invest that profitably in assets that will grow, that will generate a return in excess of our cost of capital and that will drive improve shareholder return. The extent that those opportunities don't present themselves, then we'll look at the alternatives.
W. Edward Walter: I think the answer is -- unfortunately, it depends. I mean, we have -- I think one of the things that sets us apart in our industry has been our discipline in investing capital. And we try to highlight that at our Investor Day in terms of discussing our performance compared to our competitors. So it will come down to that decision, that opportunity. And I wouldn't -- it's just -- I think it's early in the year to try to reach a conclusion on that one way or the other.
W. Edward Walter: We don't know April yet. I mean, that's a month that have just ended yesterday, but we don't have the reporting for the first few days -- the last few days of the month nor do we have segmentation, but I'm sure it will be weaker than last year just because of the calendar shift. In general, if you look at the overall level of group -- increase in group activity that we had, which was really north of 6% group increase and group room nights, I would roughly say that January would probably been -- kind of was the weakest of that time period and really just reflected a small increase. February was slightly above 6%, and then, as you get to March, we were -- I think we were north -- we had double-digit group room night growth in March.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I think that's a great question. We spent some time trying to study that. I think you're right at one level, is that we did have some weather disruption and we had the weather disruption in some of our higher-priced markets, so that affected the statistics of it. I think the other factors that affected transient rate growth is if we actually look at the transient rate growth that we were seeing at individual hotels, it was stronger than the 3.5% that we've just discussed in our comments here, but part of what we saw happened in the quarter is that we had stronger group business in some of our higher-priced markets and we had -- we certified an increase in our transient level business in some of our lower priced markets. And so when you actually work your way through the math, it has the effect of understating our transient rate growth for the overall portfolio. But as I talked with our revenue management team about what was actually happening in market, they were seeing higher levels of growth than what we actually disclosed here.
W. Edward Walter: Great. Well, thank you, all, for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insight into how 2014 is playing out on our second quarter call this summer. Have a great rest of your day.
Gregory J. Larson: Yes. I think, primarily, it's because of our great results in the first quarter. Right, we obviously incorporated those great results in our full year guidance. And then so I'd say that was the main part of increasing our F&B guidance for the full year. But I think we also feel because of that business success that we had in the first quarter, I think we also feel just a little bit better for the rest of the year as well.
Gregory J. Larson: [Audio Gap] and multiply it by -- I think where the consensus runs for the year, I think, that would suggest that we're really beat by about $17 million to $18 million, so close to your $20 million, but a little bit lower. The other thing that I would add is when you look in the income statement, you'll notice that we had $3 million gain, insurance gain, which we had -- we had forecasted that gain, but not in the first quarter, right? So I -- that sort of takes your $17 million to $18 million down to $14 million or $15 million. And then, as you correctly pointed out, we increased our full year guidance by $10 million. So it's a little bit maybe left on the table. And then, that's one of the reasons why I think when we look at our RevPAR guidance for the year today of 5% to 6%, we do feel a little bit more comfortable at the mid- to high-end of that range than we did a quarter go.
Gregory J. Larson: Yes, I think another way to look at food and beverage, especially if you look at it through the end of last year, typically, food and beverage growth is about -- the growth rate is about 50 basis points lower than our RevPAR growth. And what we've seen so far during this recovery is that food and beverage growth, about 150 basis points lower than our RevPAR growth. So obviously, food and beverage really underperformed with groups so far during this recovery, and then, except for, obviously, in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year when group really performed, because of that our food and beverage growth was quite strong.
Gregory J. Larson: As we mentioned during the quarter, I mean, obviously winters in Chicago are never great, but this year, I think, with the polar vortex and 50 degrees below 0, the weather was quite extreme. And so I think that explains some of the weakness in Chicago for the first quarter. I think we think that, that will -- Chicago will perform better as we move throughout the year.
Gregory J. Larson: Yes, David, you're right on Philadelphia. But when we think about our dividend for this year, the gain associated with that asset is sort of already baked in to our philosophies for the dividend this year. So when we talk about increasing dividends, and Ed talked about it earlier, it's really going to come from 3 things. Obviously, as our EBITDA increases and taxable income increases, our dividends certainly will increase. I also think that with subsequent asset sales we will expect to have gains, and those gains will, we don't like kind of exchange, will obviously be added to our dividend and could increase the growth of our dividend. And then, as Ed also mentioned, if we're not -- we can't find acquisitions, then our free cash flow -- if you look at our free cash flow today before we make a dividend payment or before we make investments, that's actually over $750 million. So again, if we can't find investments, that will go towards an increased dividend as well. So all those things matter, but Philly, there's really not much to talk about from the gain on Philly.
Gregory J. Larson: Ed, before you answer, I just want to correct one thing. From our last quarter call through today, Host has been the best performing lodging stock by far. Go ahead, Ed.
Gregory J. Larson: Yes, I'd also add that right even -- if you look at it over the last couple years, right, just -- it depends on, I guess, your definition of significant dividend increase. But even just -- certainly, our dividend have increased with taxable income, which has been about $0.16 increase each year. And then, in addition, I would say, as we fill assets, we'll have further gains and that -- it certainly increase our dividend as well. So -- I think some of it depends on how much we invest in assets, but I think even if we find out what to invest in, certainly, our dividend is going higher.
Gregory J. Larson: Yes. We can call both of those notes in 2015. So that certainly -- if interest rates remain low, that's certainly something we will look at.
