Jim Risoleo: Sure. We made a conscious decision to let some time pass before we fully engaged with our bank lending group, which I'm glad has been incredibly supportive. We have long standing relationships with all of the lenders in our credit facility, some going back 25 years since the time Host was formed. So we're in a really unique position because as you heard today, we have the runway in a very worst-case scenario to take us through 2021 from a liquidity perspective, we do have access to multiple sources of capital should we need it, which we don't believe we're going to need it. We'll only need it to play offence at the time when opportunities present themselves and we can see greater visibility going forward. So as we're having conversations with the Bank Group, we're keeping into consideration -- taking into consideration maximum optionality and flexibility to put us in a position to play offence going forward. And, we feel really good about the fact that we're going to be in compliance with all of our credit facility covenants through at least the second quarter. And I would expect in the next several weeks, we will be in a position to announce publicly through a press release and a 8-K with the amendments to that credit facility look like.
Jim Risoleo: Mike, we are in a unique position given the strength of the company and the fact that we came into the year at 1.6x debt to EBITDA with $1.6 billion of cash on the balance sheet, we are truly in a position to persevere through this downturn through this pandemic and come out the other side in a position to play offence. Now when does that happen? I think right now it's very premature at this point in time, I don't think you're going to see us or anybody else in a position to acquire hotels until we have greater visibility on the case of how the U.S. economy is going to perform and how it's going to recover. I think everyone is in agreement today that we are in a recession. We just don't know the depth of the recession, nor do we know the duration of the recession. There are numerous conversations occurring between hotel owners and lenders today with respect to waivers, interest forbearance, it's a question of how that's all going to play out and where the opportunities are going to be. I think it's a little too soon to know. But when we have visibility and when we start seeing opportunities come to market, we will be in a position to take advantage of those opportunities. We're talking to our bank group about giving us some optionality to acquire hotels as we move forward. Obviously, the hotels are going to have to be a strategic fit for us. They're going to have to be priced appropriately, they're going to have to allow us to believe that we're going to be able to create shareholder value or we're going to continue to be disciplined in our approach to capital allocation. We think it served us very well toward the end of this cycle, and given us an opportunity to play offence.
Jim Risoleo: I'll start. I'll give you a couple thoughts here, but I'm going to ask Sourav to jump in on this one. I can tell you this. We view this opportunity this crisis truly has an opportunity to redefine the hotel operating model. And there are going to be incremental costs associated with cleaning and sanitizing because we think that that is going to be critically important. It's always been important to the travelling consumer to know what they're getting when they check into a hotel room and the fact that the majority of our properties are managed by Marriott and Hyatt gives us great comfort because they are at the top when it comes to cleaning and sanitizing standards and their outreach to consumers has been meaningful and it will continue to be meaningful. So we think this is truly a distinguishing factor relative to the independent hotel operator because the customers are going to be comfortable, if they're going to stay in a Marriott managed hotel or a Hyatt managed hotel, that it's going to be sanitized. It's going to be clean. And safety is paramount today. I mean, we talked a minute ago about, ADR, and I can tell you based on some focus groups that have taken place, the customers don't really care as much about ADR as they care about their personal safety. So we think that between the brand standards with respect to cleanliness and cleaning, and the fact that we are affiliated with the best loyalty program in the space is going to give us a true competitive advantage as we come out of this pandemic. So I will let Sourav give you a little more color on how we're thinking about the hotel operating model.
Jim Risoleo: David, I think that we think as a management team and then in consultations with our operators that if we agree with the premise that we're going to see a return of the leader customer first primarily led by drive to destinations, then we'll see a return of the business transient covenant customer. And lastly, we'll see a return of group. We feel that group is not likely to start meaningfully coming back to hotels until May 2021. At this point in time, a) we talked just a minute ago about the need for cleanliness and confidence in consumer safety. That's going to be paramount. And I would say that in till we have a vaccine it's not likely you're going to see group come back in any meaningful way.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Robin, I think that our pace, our numbers came down a bit year-over-year in terms of group booking pace, but I believe we said that we have 2.3 million room nights on the books for next year, which is about flat relative to where we were at the same time last year. So, people are still booking I think it really goes to the uncertainty surrounding the scope and depth of the crisis. We think group is a very viable part of the hotel business going forward. Associations have to have group meetings to survive. It's part of how they make money. But, the intangible is the fact that group meetings are very important for interaction and building relationships and building trust among the people that participate in group meetings. We don't believe that this is able to be replaced digitally. It's just not going to happen over a Zoom call. So, we feel that that group is going to continue to be a viable part of the business and I Sourav has something he wanted to add.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Bill, I think this was the cancellation fees that we collected were collected early in the year early in the pandemic and we collected 30 million total, we recognized 10 million in the first quarter. I would not expect that you're going to see that cadence to continue as we move forward. So we're more interested in working with our customers, many of whom are long-term customers and we want to maintain those relationships and encourage them to rebook their business at our properties.
Jim Risoleo: Absolutely. We are having conversations already with our operators regarding the need for three meal a day restaurants in many of our hotels. We're having conversations around eliminating breakfast buffets in the restaurants, maybe only opening the restaurants for breakfast. If this is an opportunity to rewrite brand standards going forward, you're spot on that this is something that we're thinking about and talking about.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Shaun. I said over time that we are very comfortable with the composition the portfolio we have today, our sales are always opportunistic, we will sell a hotel, when we feel that the price we're receiving exceeds our hold value, which we do on a regular basis for each property in the portfolio. So, we'll continue to be opportunistic in the future. Today, there's no need for us to sell any properties and in this environment where we think pricing would be very challenging, we'd much rather be an acquirer and take this opportunity to add to the portfolio that we have today to continue to upgrade the quality through acquisitions as opposed to sales. So the short answer is, we'll be opportunistic when the time is right.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Tom. That is a green shoot that we saw in May, we feel that occupancy hit a bottom in April, as Brian mentioned in his comments, the business that we booked in April was really related to medical and airline crews and some first responder business hit certain other hotels, some National Guard business, things of that nature. But in two of our drive to properties in particular, we're seeing very good booking numbers for Memorial Day weekend at the Ritz Carlton, Amelia Island. We are seeing a business on the books that would lead us as we sit here today to 60% occupancy over Memorial Day weekend. And the Don CeSar in St. Petersburg Beach, another terrific resort property, we expect to see occupancy in the 50s, as we sit here today. And hopefully those numbers will continue to grow. We're also seeing good booking activity in June and July. In June, we're seeing booking activity in the 13% to 15% range in July, it's significantly higher. So let's keep our fingers crossed and hope that that business continues to grow.
Jim Risoleo: It's a tough question to answer because 14 of the top 20 markets still have restrictions in place with respect to when people can get back to business as normal. So we just don't know. What I will tell you is that, as we've discussed and everyone believes that drive to leisure demand is going to be the first part of the business to return. We have over 13,000 rooms and drive to markets today. And those markets include Florida, San Antonio, Phoenix, Chicago for the summer; Los Angeles, Orange County and San Diego. So we are closely watching when restrictions are lifted. And we would hope that those hotels in all those markets that I just mentioned, the 13,000 rooms that we have will be some of the first to reopen. But at this point in time, it's just difficult to really put a date on when that's going to happen because it's out of our control.
Jim Risoleo: Well, thank you all for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results with you and we look forward to virtually seeing you at NAREIT and talking with you in a few months to discuss our second quarter results. Have a great day everyone and stay safe. We will all get through this pandemic and look forward to seeing you in person soon.
