Jim Risoleo: Sure, Smedes. Happy to address your question. I think what has changed is the simple fact that a lot of owners of hotels who were holding off bringing their properties to market have now started as we have messaged today to see light at the end of the tunnel here. I think that you can tell from our commentary and from our release that we feel confident that assuming the vaccine continues to be rolled out and there isn’t any disruption due to new variants being found, which it doesn’t appear to be today anyway. It’s a beginning of a new cycle and there are a lot of buyers who sat on the sides -- sidelines to wait for the time when there might be more buyer interest and we’re starting to see that now. And the pipeline has truly meaningfully expanded between the fourth quarter and the early part of this year. So when I say there are actionable opportunities. These in many instances are private owners who have wanted to monetize their investment for one reason or another, modestly along the lines of distress, there’s not that much distress out there. But we are seeing owners who say this is the time and this is the time to take these assets to market. I don’t think that there is a lot of just price analysis occurring, based on the conversations we’re having. These are people who really want to sell their hotels. Now, we are in a really unique position, given the fact that we have $2.5 billion of cash and we have the ability to acquire up to $2 billion of assets out of existing liquidity, subject to maintaining $600 million of liquidity inside the company. And that gives us the ability to go out and buy hotels on an all cash basis without the need to obtain debt financing, which is a distinguishing factor for us. And we have very strong deep relationships having been in this industry for over 30 years and a very solid reputation, the ability to move quickly and to get deals done. The other thing I think that is bringing people to market today is the fact that the debt markets are opening up. So, we expect that there’s going to be competition from private equity firms. There’s no question about it. But we’re happy to have that competition. I think that the print for the fourth quarter on what we’ve been able to accomplish on margins in a very challenging environment gives us a high degree of confidence that between our enterprise analytics group and our asset managers that we can find ways to create value even in the environment that we’re in today. So we’re confident. I don’t know how many deals we’re going to get done. But we do believe that we’re at the beginning of the cycle. We came into 2020 in the best shape that the company’s ever been in, because in large part we believed going into ‘19 that we were heading into the end of the lodging cycle and we were prudent in our capital allocation strategy and I think it’s going to pay off for us. Because it’s giving us the opportunity to acquire hotels as the economy reopens and as the lodging cycle begins to move.
Jim Risoleo: Yeah. Let me start by addressing IBM Watson, Robin. It’s a powerful tool for us. It does give us an opportunity to evaluate markets through predictive analytics. As I mentioned, I will say that it’s one tool that we use. We are still substituting. We will never substitute IBM Watson for our judgment on what we see happening in markets. And so it takes into account a lot of data. I mean, we have always looked at structured data and we continue to do that. IBM Watson looks at unstructured data. And yes, the world has changed, but I think that the unstructured data is out there and we’re very fortunate to have a tool like IBM Watson to capture that data. Additionally, as we think about markets, we are looking at markets where we believe that we can acquire hotels that will allow us to grow EBITDA at a higher level than our existing portfolio of assets. So in addition to looking at topline, we will be studying in detail the expense profile of each hotel. Because it’s critical that, yes, you have strong revenue management and you have the ability to sell your property, but it doesn’t do you a lot of good if you don’t have the flow-through. So controlling expenses is absolutely critical to how we look at properties going forward. I will tell you that one of the reasons we’re looking at markets outside the top 25 today is because we think that expense growth at least for the near-term is likely to be higher in major urban markets, as we come out of this, just given cost pressures that the urban markets are facing today. So further to answer your question, resorts -- I think our resorts story is incredible. If you look at the statistics, the RevPAR index here is, we’ve been able to achieve on the 16 resort properties we have and if you look at specific resort markets, like, Miami, The Gulf Coast of Florida and Phoenician, we couldn’t be more pleased with how our resorts have performed. So, yes, there’ll be at the top of the list. But I would tell you, more importantly it’s going to be assets where there are multiple demand drivers. So we are going to continue to look for properties where there’s a mix of business transient, leisure transient and group. We are strong believers in having diversity of demand and giving us the ability to pivot from one type of demand to the other depending on market conditions.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Neil. We are -- our EBITDA in Hawaii is concentrated in three terrific hotels located on Maui. The visitation to Maui is driven by domestic U.S. travel. It’s really not driven by Asian travel. Asian travel is heads to a Oahu and the Big Island of Hawaii, predominantly, not on Maui. So, the ability that we have had on Maui to hold rate and to see rate pacing, total revenue pace up 11% in the back half of 2021, I think speaks loudly to the desirability of Maui in our resorts in particular. So we actually figured out how to navigate the testing requirements and the other requirements the State of Hawaii had put in place and took a family vacation to Maui over Christmas. And even though occupancies were very low, ADRs were very high. So I think that we are going to continue to see Maui and Hawaii travel increase, particularly as the vaccine gets rolled out. What’s apparent to us is that there is incredible pent-up demand out there, particularly on the leisure side and the amount of money that has been saved as a result of the various restrictions and lockdowns and the fact that people aren’t going to the office and they’re not commuting, they’re not going out to lunch, people aren’t going out to dinner is pretty incredible. So we will continue to see Hawaii grow over time. And the other data point that is just very, very encouraging is what we’re seeing with respect to villa bookings at the Andaz, the fact that we had a $3,700 ADR during the month of December for the villas and how we’re getting incredible demand on our 19 new villas that aren’t even complete. So we’re bullish on Hawaii and we think that leisure is going to really continue to carry today as we see business transient and group evolves.
Jim Risoleo: So, Mike, the other thing I would add here and this will impact the urban markets. We’ve had conversations with our managers, obviously, around a lot of matters. But in particular, when we’re talking about BT, we are of the opinion that we might see 50% to 60% of corporate travel returning by quarter four this year. So that’s an encouraging sign for us. The other encouraging sign is that most special corporate accounts have held rates flat in 2021 versus 2020, and if you recall, 2020 was flat to 2019. So that’s a very encouraging sign that corporate accounts aren’t pushing back on rate when they’re negotiating. So there are a lot of green shoots out there, and again, not to keep talking about the vaccine, but it’s all dependent on the country getting vaccinated and us achieving herd immunity and offices opening up and people getting back on the road.
Jim Risoleo: Sure. There are, Lukas. And we are very thoughtful about having conversations with respect to value enhancement opportunities until our projects are permitted and are designed and are underwritten, and that is one of the reasons why we were really happy to share with you today, in my comments, what we’re doing at our Ritz Carlton in Naples. So the ability to truly create what we believe based on our underwriting is a 12% cash on cash return on that value enhancement opportunity addition -- in addition to really truly increasing the underlying value of that hotel through the repositioning of it, the addition of suites and the refresh of the guest rooms and the bathrooms in a luxury resort is very attractive to us. And we are working on a number of additional opportunities to either add rooms at properties where we think it makes sense to take excess parcel of land where it makes sense and develop a select service hotel on it. So, the short answer is, you’ll be hearing a lot more from us over the course of time as we move through the entitlement process and as we complete our design, costing and underwriting. And it’s -- we have a whole team in designing construction who was on this. We are in the unique position as a company, because we have an integrated workforce, with designing construction, asset management, enterprise analytics investments and the like within the company to do this sort of work. So we’re excited about it. It’s a key focus for us. We think that many times it’s -- you’re in a better place to invest in your own assets than you are to make acquisitions. That’s not saying that now is not the time to make acquisitions, it is, but we’re going to continue to invest in our properties as well.
Jim Risoleo: Anthony, I think that, it’s -- cap rates are one metric of the underwriting, obviously, by and large, there aren’t many hotels out there today that I would deem to be stabilized operating -- that have stabilized operating models, as we’re looking at them. We obviously look back at 2019 and get a sense of how the asset would have traded at that point in time with the cap rate might have been back then and apply that to the pricing expectations that a seller has. And it’s just -- it is -- it’s all over the Board today. So we’re seeing certain assets that are going to trade at a discount to pre-COVID pricing. We’re seeing assets they’re going to trade at pre-COVID pricing. So cap rate is one metric that we’re looking at. But we’re also looking at how quickly we think we can stabilize the asset with the EBITDA growth will be -- what that EBITDA multiple is going to look like with a discount to replacement classes, supply demand factors at any given market. It’s just a number of different things today. I mean, there’s not one way that you’re going to underwrite a hotel in this environment. I will tell you that it’s -- if you think about a bar, so it’s multiple dates on the store, its cap rate is one, EBITDA multiple is another, replacement costs is yet another and demand trends in any given market. So there is not one way to do it. We’re taking into account a lot of different things in our underwriting model.
Jim Risoleo: I think it’s too soon to say that. Clearly, the urban markets are going to recover. It’s just a question of when the restrictions are lifted, when people get back to work, when international travel starts coming back into the U.S. So I would not right off the urban markets. But they’re going to recover a little slower than the resorts and in certain other markets just given the dynamic that I’ve referred to.
Jim Risoleo: Well, thank you, all for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our fourth quarter results with you and we look forward to talking with you over the coming weeks and months, hopefully in person. Please stay healthy and positive and have a great day.
