James F. Risoleo: Yes. Good question, Anthony. We're looking at options for a number of our New York hotels. I wouldn't say that we're to the point where we're comfortable discussing anything today, and we continue to look at opportunities throughout the portfolio to develop excess land, to convert as we did years ago at the Newport Beach Marriott. We took excess tennis courts out of inventory, and sold that piece of dirt to a local residential developer who put a condo tower there. So, we have a number of initiatives that we're working on today, but the short answer is nothing that I would be comfortable discussing because we're not far enough along.
James F. Risoleo: I think that, in general, Shaun, we see supply peaking in 2019. And our sense today is that supply will pick up in 2018 and probably level out in 2019, and then we should start to see a decline. Generally, what's happened over the last six months or so is that the lending environment has gotten much more difficult for developers to build new hotels. Obviously, that's something we'd like to see, and we're seeing projects being delayed and projects being put on the shelf. So, I think we'll be right around industry averages, maybe a tick more.
James F. Risoleo: Well, I think, generally, it's the fact that lenders have clamped down on their underwriting standards. The capital markets are flush with cash today which obviously impacts other pieces of our business. But based on conversations we've had with lenders and talking to folks in the brokerage community and developers and operating partners that we work with, it's just not as easy today to go out and get a construction loan.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah, I mean, I agree with Jim. I mean I think Host is in a great position today with leverage at 2.3x and nearly $800 million of cash. I think there's a lot of flexibility to do all the things we mentioned, whether it's buying back stock, reinvesting in our assets, or buying assets. It's still clearly being investment grade. It's still clearly being in a position in a downturn to maintain our dividend.
James F. Risoleo: It's tough to rank anything in a vacuum, Steve. It really is dependent upon how a particular acquisition opportunity would stack up from an accretion perspective relative to buying back stock, which we will evaluate any potential acquisition opportunity against the stock buyback opportunity concurrently as we're evaluating it. So I can't sit here today and say that one is going to take precedence over another.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah, Thomas, it's a little early in the year for us to be talking about 2018 RevPAR guidance. We are in the budget process with our operators. We don't have budgets. So there's really not a lot of color I can add.
James F. Risoleo: Well, the properties that we own are truly in both markets. They're upper upscale luxury hotels. They're not the type of assets that would generally benefit from teams that are coming in to rebuild the local markets that have been battered as a result of the hurricanes. So generally, I don't see that piece of business benefiting us. However, I will tell you that we're already starting to – and none of this is baked in our numbers, by the way. We're already starting to hear some tangential news that people want to come to Florida this winter and end of fourth quarter, people who might have been going to the Caribbean or Puerto Rico in particular, St. Thomas, some of the other islands that got devastated. So I'm going to be cautiously optimistic and say that we have our fingers crossed that we should see a pickup in our Florida properties as a result of Irma and Maria.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah. I think what has to happen first and foremost, Mike, is we have to get the new senior teams aligned and integrated, and come together with a plan of how we want to see Host in the future. And Michael is not even on board to-date, so I think it's going to take some time for us to wrap our arms around the new vision and the way forward.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah. I'd just add onto The Phoenician, Michael, because we, actually, I think, talked a lot about the potential for residential development at The Phoeniciana couple years ago when I was in Phoenix. And it was an opportunity that we identified as a possibility in our underwriting, but we certainly didn't bake any value into it and underwrote the asset on a standalone basis. So these are the types of opportunities that we are going to continue to look for going forward, places where we can really opportunistically create value out of real estate.
James F. Risoleo: Well, I think we always run the risk if there's an appeal of our PUD approval. But it's been through the City of Phoenix – The Phoenician is located in the City of Phoenix. It's been through the Planning Commission. It's been through the City Council. And we've had important communications with all the neighborhood groups that that might have evidenced the concern or had questions about what this was going to mean to them and to their land values. So the resort in it of itself is 319 acres. As I stated in my remarks, we rezoned the entire property. So we put a PUD, a planned unit development on the entire property. It involves relocating the tenants to an activity center, building a new fitness facility, and really shrinking the golf course from 27 holes to 18 holes, and freeing up 60 acres of residential land for development. Our plan – and we've hired a land broker. We had assembled a team early on shortly after we closed on the deal. We have a land broker on retainer who is representing us with residential developers. And our goal is to sell the land to one or more residential developers and let them develop the real estate going forward. We're hopeful that we could see the closings occur by mid-2019.
James F. Risoleo: A couple observations on the investment side, Smedes. First of all, I would tell you that until very recently, we did not identify product on the market that fit our criteria. I've stated in the past that given where we may be in the cycle, it's not a time to be a buyer of commodity-type hotels. Obviously, we like the resort space. We like big boxes a lot. We're prepared to move beyond the top 10 or 15 markets and look out to the top 25 markets. What we've seen happening over the last 60 days or so is a number of hotels have come to market, some being formally marketed by intermediaries and one or two others that we're working on a direct basis or an off-market basis. Yes. Seller expectations are lofty. That doesn't mean that they're going to transact. We are still seeing a number of situations contrary to the comment I made earlier with respect to the tightness in construction lending, we are starting to see situations and continuing to see situations, I should say, where current owners of hotels, if they can't clear the market at a price that they find attractive, they can refinance a property today at very attractive terms and very attractive proceeds. So there are a handful of deals out there that we're looking at today. I think it's TBD to see where they clear the market. We certainly don't intend to stray from our underwriting. We don't feel that we have a need to stray from our underwriting. We're going to continue to be disciplined. And if we can wrestle a deal down that makes sense for us and creates stockholder value, then we'll pursue it.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah. I think, a couple things on Key Bridge in particular, Jeff. It's something that we thought about, obviously, because it is a low-basis asset. It's been in the company from inception, and I think it was the second hotel that Marriott Corp. built many, many years ago. It was built 1959, I believe. So, we do have a very low tax basis in that asset. And as we're thinking about whether or not we have a special dividend as a result of the sale, I think, one of the things we're thinking about today is, is it possible to do a like-kind exchange for that hotel? It's also going to depend on when the deal closes. So, there are a lot of factors here that go into the equation. Obviously, if it closes in 2017, and we don't feel that there is a high probability of executing on a like-kind exchange, then a special dividend is something we'll be thinking about internally and talking about among the management team here. If it closes in 2018, it might have a slightly different color on it.
James F. Risoleo: We're having some conversations with Marriott around the rewards program. I mean, they're doing a lot of work on rewards today. They have to – they want to and they have to harmonize the Starwood rewards program along with Marriott rewards. They are hopeful that they'll get this done by the end of 2018. We have an active seat at the table. We're having conversations. And I think to say anything more than that, I wouldn't be comfortable with that.
James F. Risoleo: I think a lot of what happens in 2018, Jeff (sic) [Joe], is going to really be dependent upon the psychology of travelers in general, but of businesses in particular. And if we see a tax bill come out of Washington, D.C. that gets close to doing what is being proposed, i.e., take the corporate tax rate down to 20%, if we see a repatriation of profits that are trapped overseas right now and see a big inflow to the U.S. Treasury that maybe leads to an infrastructure build at some point during 2018, then I think that we feel really good about what that's going to mean for our business. But sitting here today, the only thing I can really tell you is that we're sitting today with the same amount of group business on the books in 2018 as we had in 2017 at the same time in 2016.
James F. Risoleo: Same increases, yeah. And we have about 67% of our 2018 group business on the books already. So, we feel good about it. Do we want to see the return of the business transient traveler? Absolutely. Do we want to see group bookings pick up? Sure, we do. That can lead us to a billion dollar question. When is this going to happen? If we had that answer, I think we'd all be in a much better place.
James F. Risoleo: I think I can answer that with an unequivocal, yes. Marriott's group sales engine, in my opinion and I think the opinion of everyone here at Host, is second to none in the industry. Starwood had a good group sales platform. I think, Marriott's is superior. Marriott is in the process right now of integrating the two organizations. We're working closely with them to understand what that means. Again, not unlike the rewards program, we do have a seat at the table and we are having conversations with them. So, we fully expect that as the two sales organizations are integrated that we should see yield index increase for our Starwood legacy hotels. The Sheraton RevPAR index today is not a fair share. It's 90%plus or minus. So, we see a lot of upside going forward.
James F. Risoleo: Yeah, Bill. Happy to give you an update on both of those. With respect to the COO search, we have suspended the search. By marrying up asset management with investments, we think we're accomplishing what we wanted to accomplish, which was integrating the two disciplines to really be completely focused on real estate value creation. We have a strong enterprise analytics team that is mining data for us and providing a competitive edge, as well as strong asset managers as we go forward. So, at present, the management changes are done internally. With respect to The Ritz-Carlton in Buckhead, we're having conversations with Marriott regarding the right way forward for that hotel. The hotel was in need of a material renovation. We looked at some options outside of Ritz, but keeping it within the Marriott family, and landed on The Whitley, a luxury collection hotel, as the best alternative to drive stockholder value. We put HEI in to manage that property. And what we haven't discussed is that we also own The Westin in Buckhead, and HEI is managing The Westin as well. So, we see incremental benefit of complexing and sales, and catering by having one manager manage two properties within the same brand family.
James F. Risoleo: That, I don't know. I've asked that question in the past. And to my knowledge today, there is nothing planned.
James F. Risoleo: Thank you for joining us on the call today. As I said earlier, we are pleased with our solid results and earnings beat, particularly after weathering the impact of two major storms. I am looking forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in a couple of weeks and hope you will join us at our informal meet and greet on Monday prior to the conference start. Otherwise, we look forward to discussing 2017 results and our 2018 outlook on our year-end call in February. Have a great day, everyone.
Gregory J. Larson: Rich, I think that we have consistently said that we intend to maintain our investment-grade rating. And that means that – well, in addition to that, we said that at this point in the cycle, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we may be in the late stages of the cycle, we may not, but we're taking a cautious approach today to capital deployment and taking that into consideration in our underwriting criteria. But we have stated that we would be comfortable taking leverage to 2.5x to 3x.And I don't think that's changed by any means. Does that provide a limitation to us? I don't think that it does. Candidly, I think that we are cognizant of the scale, the depth, the breadth of what we have in this company and are looking for ways to create shareholder value over the long term, but we're going to keep the balance sheet in mind, and we're going to keep the dividend in mind as well.
Gregory J. Larson: I can answer that, Jim. Yeah, I mean obviously there are some other wildcards out there as well, right. Are we going to get a tax cut at some point later this year, early next year? And we continue to look at the economic stats. So, as you know, Thomas, what we like to do is give our guidance on our next call, which will be in February.
Gregory J. Larson: Yeah. The other thing I would add, Tom, here, I'll give you some 2018 guidance for you since you're so persistent. Look, I think the good news for Host is that we have kept all of these hotels that were impacted in our comp set. And so in looking, I think the good news is, obviously, we were impacted this quarter. I think we will have some impact in fourth quarter, but all those hotels we have easy comps in 2018.
Gregory J. Larson: Yeah. I think what I would add is, look and I know you guys are talking about maybe some bigger things. But I would add also to Jim's comments that he had in his prepared remarks is that I think the team is doing a great job already, right. If you look at the Key Bridge potential sale later this year or next year, I think that's a fantastic transaction, even the land sale in Chicago and the other asset sale both in Australia and here. So I would say that they're already moving quickly, but you could see further things in 2018.
Gregory J. Larson: Hey, Smedes. This is Greg. I think it will depend on the market. I mean, certain markets – Arizona is probably a good example – we are experiencing some tight labor markets in Arizona and some other markets. There will be some union contracts coming due in '18. Obviously, we've experienced some of those pressures this year, but because of the benefits of technology and time/motion studies and other things, we've been able to mitigate some of those cost increases. In fact, as Jim said, during the quarter we were able to decrease our overall comp expenses by $13 million. So, yeah, I think we will have some pressure on labor in 2018, but I think we'll continue to benefit from technology and, obviously, the merger between Marriott and Starwood will also be helpful and gives us some tailwinds to offset that as well.
Gregory J. Larson: Hey, Robin. This is Greg. So, yeah, this year, I think it's been as we've mentioned an extraordinary year on the cost front and margin front. I mean, if you look at the low end of our guidance, we're going to have breakeven margins and 1.15% RevPAR, and frankly, revenue growth is going to be under 0.5%. So, I think those are remarkable results. I think we still as I've talked and Jim talked about, we still have some things that will help us next year. Again, we still – because we have a lot of these things more complicated hotels, I think, technology is going to continue to help us next year. Certainly, as Jim just mentioned, yes, obviously there's a revenue bump because of the Starwood-Marriott merger, but I think there'll clearly be some expense benefits occurring to us both in 2018 and 2019. So, I think, we're going to do better next year than a typical year. But I guess without giving – getting too specific, I don't think, we'll be – look, this was a record year, right, to have flat margins with 1.15% RevPAR growth, right. I think the breakeven margins growth will be higher than that, but certainly better than an average year.
Gregory J. Larson: I think, it's too – look, D.C. has been a great market for us. And when we look at sort of the city-wide for 2018 and 2019, D.C. looks quite strong. And my guess is based on what you were just talking about, we could see additional activity in D.C. So, we – clearly, we feel pretty good about D.C. There are other markets for us that that look good. But as we said earlier, we're not giving guidance for 2018 at this point. And our group revenues looks solid on our books today. So, I'm not sure that we're going to get into it too much further at this point.
