W. Edward Walter: I think the fact that you are seeing our business recover faster, ultimately does mean that the dividend will recover more quickly, but we didn't have enough taxable income to support the dividend that we have talked about paying on the last call, that $0.01 a quarter. I think, while it's always a little hard to tell where taxable income is going to come out especially when you start to take asset sales into account. I don't want to envision that even if we were at the high end of the guidance that we have provided that we would necessarily need to increase the dividend because of the need to distribute taxable income.
W. Edward Walter: That may ultimately go into joint venture. This is one of the situations where we needed to move relatively quickly to consummate the purchase, and so at least initially that's on balance sheet but depending upon how the transaction evolves it may end up in the joint venture.
W. Edward Walter: One of the things that I would point out that I know has been causing some, I guess, just some questions around our results this quarter is to remind folks is that as I said in my comments, all of our non-Marriott hotel, so that is Starwood, Hyatt, Ritz-Carlton, Four Seasons are all on a monthly reporting system, and for Host just because it's the way we time our quarters, we don't capture the March results for any of those monthly hotels in our numbers. New York, my recollection in general for New York is that it did better sequentially through the first quarter. We are missing the March results from both the W on Lexington Avenue as well as the big Sheraton, near Times Square. So my guess is that those results were added in. I don't know that number off the top of my head, but my guess is those results were added in, you'll see a little bit better performance in New York in the first quarter.
W. Edward Walter: We certainly, David, at the point in time that the transaction closes. Well, as we have always done, give you some insight into what the price is. I would tell you that it is a relatively, no, in fact, relatively is not the fair word. It's a low priced. But it is reflective of the fact that the asset, as I mentioned in my comments, is losing money this year. It lost money last year. I think it might have been right on the margin in 2008 in terms of whether it made or lost money. So, unfortunately, we've been facing some big challenges in that market, not surprisingly given the challenges that the auto industry has faced. We have postponed a fair amount of CapEx of that hotel because we've been trying to sort out the right resolution for it. While there isn't I think an effective way to invest a certain amount of capital dollars in the hotel, we've concluded that it would be better off being selling the hotel at this point than pursuing that path. So, it's going to be a pretty low number and with any luck the transaction closes in the next 60 days, and then we'll be happy to tell everybody about it.
W. Edward Walter: I guess, I'd like to say, David, there, I want to be careful about what we say because we've agreed to certain confidentiality provisions in our acquisition agreement, but what I would tell you is we would certainly expect, if we're generally looking for return, say in the plus or minus 10.5% to 11% range on an unleveraged acquisition. We adjust our return expectations when we pursue a leveraged opportunity. Where we've invested in this asset and given the underlying leverage compared to what we think the value is, we're comfortable that just as a dead investment, we will likely exceed those leverage return targets. The strategy for what happens with the investment will in part be based upon how the economy improves, obviously in Europe, and as it relates to these individual assets. We would be very comfortable if this just continues to be a performing loan and that we get paid off in due course which based on the terms of loan documents would generally come due no later than about 2.5 years from where we are right now. On the other hand, we obviously are very comfortable being an investor in Europe, and if property's performance does not improve enough for us to be paid-off, we would be comfortable being an owner.
W. Edward Walter: I think, the answer to that is more than likely wholly owned are assets that when we would be acquiring would ultimately end up in the European joint venture. We would be comfortable investing directly in Europe, but I think generally we have found that we like the joint venture structure that we have put together to operate over there. We've been very comfortable with the prospective on investment of our partners and we'd like to see that relationship continue. So, in general, I would expect that our European efforts will happen in the joint venture. But, there may be individual transactions that happen outside of that structure.
W. Edward Walter: The market is evolving on the asset acquisition side. What I would break, what we are seeing out, and again as I've mentioned in my comment. It's still not a flood of opportunities, although our pipeline is clearly larger than it was just even 65, 70 days ago. I'd say that the opportunities, they're sort of splitting into two camps. There is one group of opportunities that are happening because pricing has been recovering. And I think, you're seeing fairly low cap rates and fairly high EBITDA multiples, reflecting both the outlook for the future as well as the fact that we're in trough EBITDA level. But with the recovery in pricing, you are seeing certain sellers who face debt maturities in the near term, who are thinking that perhaps it's worthwhile testing the market to see if there is an opportunity to sell an asset today, and at least recover some of their initial investment. I think, there's another group of seller, again, a relatively small group, but there's another group of sellers who are evaluating their business now or maybe more confident about investing in their own business, but might be looking to liquidate certain of the assets that they have in order to then reuse such proceeds in a different direction within their individual business. I sort of described that a little bit as a strategic seller, because that type of a seller is really doing this because of strategic aspect of their business as opposed because they necessarily think that this going to get the maximum price for asset. I suspect that we will see more activity in both of these camps as we work our way through the year, but as you could tell by the volume of transaction activity that's been reported, and in each instance the volume is still relatively light, but we are relatively encouraged by at least the trend that we're seeing there and the number of conversations that we're having.
W. Edward Walter: Well, there's been more activity on the single asset side than on the portfolio side. We're fortunate with our scale that we can look at portfolio deals, but to-date with the exception of some debt opportunities, similarly to the one that we move forward within Europe, we really haven't seen a lot on the acquisition side of that portfolio.
W. Edward Walter: Well, that's probably the trickiest question that we're trying to contemplate right now. What I would say to you is, as you well know, is that the recovery in rate is going to happen on a market-by-market basis, and some of the markets that Larry talked about, but I think we've got a chance to seeing some rate growth relatively quickly would include some of the big East Coast markets like Boston, New York and DC. I think, New Orleans surprisingly, its having a pretty good year and we expect to see some rate growth there. Miami in part because of the burst around Super Bowl, but I also think in general we are seeing some strength in that market. So that's another market where we think it's likely that we'll see some rate growth in the relatively near term. Portfolio-wide, I would bet that it's probably at best the second half of the year, certainly within the realm of the guidance that we provided. We're really not anticipating that it happens until the end of the year. And I think it is a little touch and go on whether or not we actually get the true rate growth for a full quarter by the end of the year. It's probably at the high end of our guidance as a shot at that. On the margin front, I think, our estimate is that we're looking at a 50 basis point decline, tied to a 4% overall full year RevPAR growth rate. Again my guess is that because margin growth is going to be tied to both overall level of RevPAR increase, as well as to some degree whether that's happening because of rate or because of occupancy, if there is an opportunity for positive margins, it's certainly near the end of the year.
W. Edward Walter: I think it's a correct assumption as it relates to this year. Going forward, ultimately margin growth look tied to the relationship between revenue growth, which is, of course, more than just RevPAR growth and inflation. So if we continue to see inflation stay at a fairly low level, plus or minus 2%, then I would expect that we would be able to see margin growth in '11 and '12 at the low of 4% RevPAR level. Now I suspect that if the recovery continues that won't be a problem, because we're going to be seeing stronger levels of RevPAR increase than that. But I think you could see margin growth at less than 4%. As we've commented in the past, the transition year when one goes from having been in freefall to starting to see in March, see RevPAR recovery and business recovery is always a tricky year for margins. Well, I would say there is tremendous stride made at all of our properties at taking out cost. There clearly are some costs that came out of our operation that are not sustainable. And so typically in that first, call it, eight to 12 months of RevPAR recovery, some of those costs trickle back in, which usually leads to the first year of positive RevPAR growth having less than impressive margins. But normally, especially, if we're doing our job on the asset management side, once you get passed that initial kind of recovery of some expenses, you get back into a more traditional relationship and as long as RevPAR revenue growth are outpacing inflation, we should see margin growth.
W. Edward Walter: Chris I wouldn't do it necessarily to demonstrate value, but you've raised a good point. Pricing has certainly recovered more quickly than some folks had anticipated, and as operations begin to improve one can get more comfortable with selling some of the assets that we don't expect to be owning in 2014 or 2015 a bit sooner. We are in the process right now of evaluating the portfolio and looking at a number of assets to determine if it is better to sell those assets now and take advantage of fair amount of capital that's not able to be deployed or whether we would be better off waiting for the NOI to recover a bit more and then put those properties on the market. And that's one of the reasons why we made the statements that while we're not putting any more sales or not contemplating specific sales in the context of our guidance, we are intending to market a few properties, and we'll sort of see how that plays out. But what I would say on that is because of the amount of capital we have, we do not need to affect a sale for liquidity reasons. So we will be very, very price sensitive in any of those marketing opportunities. If we're not hitting the numbers that we want, we will not be a seller, because the only reason to do it is the one that you outlined, to take advantage of a strong market and sell some assets that whilst they are non-core for us could clearly be a good acquisition for somebody else.
W. Edward Walter: Not as precisely as you would probably like, Jeff. I think that's the tricky part when you're in this sort of a transition, as we clearly saw tremendous occupancy growth in the first quarter and that was unfortunately offset by rate declines. We worked our way through the quarter, though. We probably will be expecting to see the occupancy run at a fairly heavy rate, but the question is going to be how quickly can we eliminate negative rate and move into positive rate. Let me give you a couple of other insights around why we got more optimistic relative to RevPAR for the rest of the year. A big driver for us was what was happening on the transient side. As I mentioned, we were up 12% in overall transient demand. We are practically for the first quarter, at least, back to where we were in 2007, but the biggest key for us was the fact that when you combine corporate and special corporate business, we were up 15% in room nights. Now while we were still down in rate in those segments, the fact is that demand was coming back was pretty key for us, because we had not really seen that happen even in the fourth quarter of last quarter. And hence when that starts to occur, that's a great sign for the fact that the business is going to rebuild. And I think the other piece of it is that as you look at what was happening on the group side, we started out the quarter at a deficit for both the full year and for the quarter. We very quickly closed that deficit in the first quarter and ended up positive in room nights. A lot of that was because on the association events people showed up and in fact we started to run into some situations where more people showed than we had rooms available. And even on the corporate side, we started to find that our booking pace was accelerating beyond what we had expected. So as we look at the activity for the second and third quarter is solid, there is still a little bit of weakness in the fourth quarter, but we're up for the full year in terms of group booking pace now, which we haven't been able to say for quite some time. And I think we felt that because that's such an important component of our business and because when you go back and look at where we were compared to '07, we had really lost the most in terms of group room nights compared to the other segments in our business. The fact that that was beginning to recover led us to look it much more optimistically the rest of the year.
W. Edward Walter: My guess is it's a combination of us being a little bit more conservative and of course recognizing that ultimately it's not just RevPAR, it's EBITDA for us whereas for them they're much more sensitive just as the top line changes, because instead of management fees don't represent anywhere near as big a component of their earnings, as EBITDA does for us. At the end of the day, I think, I'd reiterate what I said the last quarter when there was a little bit of a gap between where we were and where both of them were, which is that there's really no reason given that I would agree with your point that we own some of their best hotels and we typically perform pretty much in line with them. There's no reason in our mind why we would underperform either of them. Obviously we're moving our expectations a fair amount from one quarter to the next, and I think we don't want to necessarily get ahead of ourselves. You should take from our call, we feel very good about what we're seeing in the first quarter. But, we're still in a recovering economy and we want to take note of that.
W. Edward Walter: On an anecdotal basis, we've certainly had situations where more people showed up than we had expected. I think what we are finding though is that the hotels are constantly in touch with the bigger groups to understand what their room nights are going to ultimately come out to be. And what they have been finding is that where a lot of times last year, but we might have expected 800 rooms and by the time we got two weeks out, we're starting to find that 800 was turning into 700 or 750. What we're hearing from our GMs at this point is that holding at 800 it may be coming in higher than that in some cases, the key for us on that is to really understand that and try to build that into our revenue expectations, because as we begin to get more confident that those associations will not only fulfill their full block but actually begin to exceed it, that allows us to begin to do some mix shift by cutting off some of the cheaper channels that we might have available and save rooms either for that higher priced group or simply may certainly save enough rooms in certain markets where we're only selling rooms to that higher priced corporate customer as opposed to that lower priced discount customer.
W. Edward Walter: Let's see. We gave some data before. Let me try to approach it a slightly different way. If you look at what was happening on net booking pace in for the first quarter, we generally found that in the first quarter itself our net bookings were up by over a 100% compared to where we were in '09. And those bookings actually exceeded the pace that we had in 2007, which we tend to use as sort of stabilized here by more than 25%. If you look at how it's laid out for the quarter, we started off down about 6% and ended up slightly. So you can see that the fact that we booked so many more rooms in the quarter than we traditionally have done, allowed us to close the gap in a way that we probably wouldn't have in the past. On a full-year basis, you're finding that the bookings are short term. We haven't hit that magic moment that I can tell yet where somebody calls up, wants to do an event in four weeks and finds out that there is no room available at the end. So we haven't quite gotten to that point because of where our occupancy levels were. So you're finding that most of the successes on the booking pace side is relatively short term, which is why our second quarter bookings are up almost over 250% compared to 2009. Now, recognize there weren't a lot of short-term bookings happening at this time last year, but the reality is as even the second quarter bookings when you go back and compare them to 2007 are slightly positive. So we would take that as a good sign too. The net of it is that when we started off the year, being negative in terms of overall room nights, we've closed that gap in a material way and in fact now adjusting those number of nights booked to reflect what we thought were the cancellations that happened last year because I think that gives you a cleaner sense of data. Instead of being down I think 6%, we are now up call it 3% to 4%. So I think that obviously is a pretty good change in a relatively short period of time.
W. Edward Walter: I think you should still assume probably the short term rates that we're booking at are generally lower than the rates that are on the books, but there are some markets where that's beginning to turn.
W. Edward Walter: The way we are looking at acquisitions fits within the model that we always expressed in terms of how we look at transactions. What we look at, we start with trying to understand what we think based on our projections is an unlevered rate of return from a particular asset. And so in each instance what we're going to do with that is we're going to make certain assumptions about what the performance is going to be this year and that we're going to assess what we think is likely to happen for that particular asset in that market over the next few years. And then I think having kind of calculated in what we think the recovery is, we would probably stabilize it a longer term revenue and EBITDA or NOI growth rates and carry that out to ultimately get to a 10-year discounted cash flow. If you think about how that works, obviously markets that have fallen further but then are expected to rise faster are going to ultimately end up with lower cap rates today but that's just reflecting the particular circumstances of their market. The other major element that we would look at it is the one that you're referencing, which is trying to understand where you are in a discount to replacement cost. I think one of the key factors in employing that in your analysis is that to the extent that you are legitimately analyzing what your replacement cost is, if you're buying at a meaningful discount to replacement cost, well that in and of itself does not tell you that you're necessarily going to have a successful investment. It does give you a sense that it is harder on a relative basis that the discount is larger for a new competitor to come into your market simply because the cost to build that new competitor are probably not going to make sense in the context of the return on the investments until cash flow has appreciated meaningfully. So discount to replacement cost becomes a good gut check for us on whether or not if you're underwriting a very aggressive recovery for an asset that you thought was at replacement cost, you probably have to ask yourself if you're really being fair about the likelihood of new supply in that market. So those would be the two primary things that we would look at. My guess is at the end of the day I think most of our competitors are pretty sophisticated. They would each have their own take, but I suspect that they are looking at it in generally the same way.
W. Edward Walter: Josh, it might make sense with respect to the assumptions that you're coming up for the second half of this year, I suspect that it may make sense for you to catch up with Greg to go over that event because it's a little hard to capture that on a fly. What I would say with respect to the next year is thinking about 2011 is I'd go back to the comments that I made before that I think that this year's tougher. The speed with which everything recovers this year will probably have to play some role in looking at what happens in margins next year and to the extent that we began to see a stronger recovery and so some of that cost creep that I'm expecting is going to happen, happens this year it probably sets us up for a more normalized year in 2011 with respect to margins. When you step back and look at what would happen in 2011, if you were to have 5% RevPAR growth, I would be very disappointed if we didn't have some margin growth there. I'm not anticipating that inflation's going to be particularly high next year, and so assuming that that plays out that way and that there is a reasonable gap between RevPAR/revenues and inflation, we should be in a situation where we should see some margin growth.
W. Edward Walter: That all depends upon how active we can ultimately be on the acquisition side. We obviously have fair amount of capital right now. As Larry mentioned in his comments, we got a pleasant surprise when the exchangeable that was (inaudible) to us a couple weeks ago wasn't put. So that gives us an extra 325 million of capital that we weren't counting on. So we'll take that into account in deciding what to do with the continuous equity program. At the end of the day, I think folks should assume that we are trying to add additional hotels to our portfolio and that we will ultimately draw on that capital in order to help fund that growth. In the long run, I would expect that we would have another continuous equity program. I think that's a very cost effective way to fund the equity portion of our balance sheet but it's all going to be tied to exactly what level of growth we're having and because if you don't have the growth then you don't necessarily need to issue the incremental equity.
W. Edward Walter: Well, thank you very much all for joining us today. We appreciated the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and our outlook. We look forward to providing you with more insights as to how this interesting year is playing out in mid-July at our second quarter call. Enjoy the rest of your day.
