Jim Risoleo: Yes, Rich, Sourav can jump in on the way here. I'll start. I think it's the whole backup routine, generally in bookings, both on the business transient side and the group side is related to a couple of things. Number one, government restrictions and that's being driven by public health concerns. So I think we -- as we've talked many times, we're not going to see business return to any sense of normalcy until we have an effective vaccine or vaccines or therapeutics combined with the vaccine. That said, we did talk about -- I think Sourav talked in his comments or maybe it was mine about what we're seeing happen next year with respect to group cancellations. It's clear to us with Connect 2020 being held at Orlando World Center, the meeting planners want to get groups back on the road and in hotels, it's very important for associations to meet and for corporate groups to come together as well. So our mix from 2017 into 2019 average mix, group business was roughly on a revenue basis, call it 35% Association, 47% corporate, and 18% other, which is really smurf. I would tell you that, we're seeing a strong desire on the part of association business to come back, and we're all praying that we have an effective vaccine. So we can talk about how group pace is looking into 2022 and beyond. And I'll let Sourav take that.
Jim Risoleo: Anthony, I think we would be very open to exploring club deals and JVs off-balance-sheet format if it made sense to us. We're in a unique position where under our existing credit facility waiver agreement, we can acquire up to $1.5 billion of hotels that have existing liquidity subject to maintaining $500 million of liquidity in the company. And as we discussed, we expect assuming that the fourth quarter trends mirror the third quarter trends and we're very pleased with how October has played out that will have $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion of available liquidity at the end of this year, taking us into next year. So I think that not only our club deals available. As you know, we were very successful in putting together a club deal in Europe with GIC and APG, the Euro JV where we acquired over 20 hotels as general partner and we would be very happy to do something like that again in the U.S. if the opportunity presented itself. One of the other distinguishing factors that we have available to us on the acquisition side is the ability to issue operating partnership units, that is truly distinguishing given the liquidity in our stock. And just the share of, I think we're trading on average now close to 14 million shares of stock a day. And it gives an owner the opportunity to provide some liquidity, but to provide the upside as well, going forward. So provide the upside in Host as our EBITDA continues to improve and our stock price continues to improve as well. So, to answer your question about what do we expect to see, every indication is and we're talking to a lot of people about this. Every indication is that come the first half of next year, as forbearance periods weigh, start to expire. And as owners who are in the unfortunate position where they don't have the liquidity, or they choose to not fund debt service payments and other expenses, we expect to see a significant number of properties come to market. So the answer is yes to both your questions.
Jim Risoleo: Dori, it's awfully difficult to speculate when we would be out from underneath debt incurrence test. I think a lot of it is going to depend on how quickly we have a vaccine and how quickly it's rolled out to the public. And when businesses are comfortable sending people on the road, which as I -- you know, in answering Rich's question, I mean we have a lot of government restrictions out there. We're going to have to see the restrictions loosen, and I don't think that various government authorities are going to be prepared to do that until we have a vaccine. So the short answer is, we don't know, whenever the debt incurrence test will -- we will come back in compliance with the debt incurrence test. We don't have any other issues that you should be aware of today. We're in very good shape. We've done a -- I think, a very good job, an amendable job of raising another $600 million of cash this quarter and a very opportunistic and low cost way. So, we're today focused on reducing expenses, putting the portfolio in a position where we can outperform when the markets do open up and maximizing our liquidity.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, I'll take the first part and then Sourav can jump in. So clearly, our margins will perform better, if we can drive rate at the expense of occupancy, it will just provide for better flow through to the bottom line. And we won't have the incremental cost associated with housekeeping and other expenses associated with having more rooms occupied. That's not to say that we're not going to take every, every room night that we can. But as we think about margin performance, the better margin performance is driven by rate going forward. And, we're very, very pleased with the fact that we're not seeing the rate degradation that we've seen in other recovery periods. When we look at what happened after 9/11 and what happened after the Great Recession. So, fingers crossed that that continues to be the trend going forward. And I'll let Sourav talk a little bit about how we think about break-even occupancy and ADR.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, I'll take the second part of the question, first. We're generally market agnostic, we do believe that maintaining broad geographic diversification is a way to run the business. That said, some markets are going to open up better and sooner than other markets. So we will take all that into consideration in our underwriting criteria as we evaluate opportunities going forward. With respect to competitive positioning, I just make an observation that today, the debt markets are generally closed for the level of debt that private equity firms typically need to drive their returns there -- there levered returns in the high teens to low 20s or call it, mid-teens to low 20s. So we're not seeing any really competition out there today. In fairness, there's just not a lot of products on the market right now. I mean, we're evaluating every deal that we would deem to be attractive. We haven't come across anything that that meets our underwriting criteria, given the facts and circumstances of where we're in the cycle and in the recovery phase.
Jim Risoleo: I think your third quarter timeframe is the right timeframe, Lukas. I mean, everyone feels that the first half of next year is going to be -- continue to be challenging. And that when we do get a vaccine, it's going to take some time to get it rolled out among the population. So people are looking at the second half of next year and beyond.
Jim Risoleo: I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. As always, we appreciate the opportunity to discuss our results with you. I look forward to talking to you, we all look forward to talking to you next week or the week after at NAREIT and over the coming weeks and months. So please, everyone stay healthy and stay positive. We'll all get through this and I wish you all good day.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So, Rich, I think more than pace, what we're focused on right now as we've talked about last quarter was really the tentative booking which was waiting in the sidelines because pace obviously as you would expect is down because of the uncertainty. But the tentative bookings have really pushed to the second half of next year. Right now, our tentative revenue on the books is up 32%. But clearly, people do want to meet, it's just a matter of like Jim said, when they're comfortable traveling again, and that's obviously a broader concern. The other stat obviously we did book, which is encouraging, we booked 300,000 rooms in the third quarter for 2022 to 2024, so for future years and compare that to same time last year, it's only down about 45,000 rooms. And from an ADR perspective, the other encouraging thing is ADRs for the rooms that we booked is less than a point down to same time last year, so again, encouraging trends when you look out into the future.
Sourav Ghosh: So from a mix perspective, that was your second part of the question and how we're managing margins. Despite changes in mix right now the situation we're in is most of our revenues is coming in, is really rooms only revenue. So reality is whether we look at leisure business or group any business coming in because it's primarily rooms only. Our focus is really on expenses that can really reduce and drive higher margins at the rooms' level. Food and beverage outlets in a lot of cases are running in limited operations and as we have said before, before we bring back on any food and beverage offerings, we're ensuring it's actually profitable and we drive profit to the bottom line. From a margin perspective, it's obviously is a lower margin business, but at the end of the day, we're looking at EBITDA dollars, not necessarily EBITDA margin. So once revenues do recover and -- and we're sort of in a position where we're getting back to pre-COVID levels of revenue, then the focus will be on margin expansion. And as we have messaged before, we're really focused on driving the $100 million to $150 million of incremental EBITDA compared to 2019 levels. And we have made quite a bit of progress on that. And a lot of it is tied to the food and beverage department, where there's been significant level of management of reduction. The severance that we had in the third quarter is directly tied to reduction of almost 30% of management headcount, which we believe is going to be a permanent reduction going forward.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, hey David. So I would start by saying that Marriott has actually restructured and reduced above property shared services, for sales and marketing, revenue management and IT and are right now working towards reductions of their program Shared Services fees for the following year. For this year, Hyatt has also reduced the fixed component of their above property IT costs by 15% and chain marketing fees by as much as 50%. And moving forward, they're really committed to making their fees more variable, so that the cost is actually tied to exactly what you were talking about the value proposition to the owner. In terms of the $100 million to $150 million the way we think about it is, we would expect that long-term, there'll be permanent reduction of the fixed portion of the above property cost by as much as 10% to 20%. So putting that into the context of dollars that would be somewhere between $20 million to $25 million of that $100 million to $150 million. Obviously, I would remind everybody that's tied to 2019 revenues. So assuming we get back to 2019 revenues, we'd be on the above property fees $20 million to $25 million of savings with a 10% to 20% reduction of the fixed piece of the above property costs.
Sourav Ghosh: I think right now, what's happening is even for future bookings, the encouraging thing like I was saying there is booking activity for future years; however their activity is definitely lower than what you would have expected, because there are folks waiting on the sidelines. That's why you have a lot of tentative bookings, but not necessarily definite on the books, looking at the future years. However, there isn't really cancellations that are taking place. And that's encouraging. It's just that the booking activity is somewhat sort of, I would say is slower than you would typically expect, because of all the uncertainty exists in the short-term.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, I think the only thing I would add is what this pandemic sort of has allowed us to do is really look at zero-based budgeting and ground-up budgeting, and tie that with what the value proposition is to the customer and not only to the customer, but also from a brand perspective what the value proposition is to the owner. So at the property level, it's really understanding what the customer wants, and what the customer needs, and how we would shift the operating model based on that. So the minimum sort of base labor standards are being completely redefined. So going forward, and it's complete, it's going to be tied to what Jim talked about earlier is how brand standards get reevaluated based on customer preferences. So this is an opportunity where we’re able to actually do a zero-based budgeting roundup budgets to figure out what is the right labor model. And that's where we're pretty confident; we think we're going to get savings not only from a housekeeping perspective, but from food and beverage, particularly in the kitchen department, as well.
