W. Edward Walter: Sure. Let's start with the market first. I mean, there's no doubt that the downtown area has outperformed the suburbs this year. I think as you -- I think Larry had made a comment in his comments that our RevPAR growth in the city was about twice the level that we had for the market overall. As we look at D.C. this year, it is obviously clear that D.C. is underperforming a bit. I think that there's a variety of reasons for that. I think, one, fundamentally, is that the D.C. market did not fall as much as a number of other markets, so there is less of a rebound effect there. I think that this year we've seen -- we have seen and felt the pain from all of the disarray in the federal government around both the budget issues that related to this year's budget, as well as the current concerns relating to extending the debt amount, that -- the debt ceiling, as well as what that may mean going forward. And the consequence of that uncertainty has been that government, which represents, call it, 15% to 20% of our business in the Washington area, government has not booked rooms, especially group rooms, at the level that they had in the past. And so as a result, we've seen a little bit of a group decline in Washington, and in most other markets, we've seen a little bit of a group increase. So I think that accounts for a large amount of the decline. But I think there is a weakness rather. And I think the other point to pick up, which some of you have already commented on is that this is as I already described, it's a little bit higher-government market than what we normally experience. And with government per diem rate down this year compared to last year, that's also been a little bit of a wind that D.C. is fighting against. Leaving out the problems for this year, we firmly believe that Washington is a great market to invest in. If you look at Washington over the course of, call it, the 10 years ending in '08, before we went into the downturn or the severe part of the downturn, Washington was really one of the best markets in the country to be invested in. Working its way through the downturn, it fell at -- it fell far less than any of the other markets across the country. It has recovered quickly. It is generally, at least for our portfolio, we are back to '07 levels. And as we look forward and look at Washington, while it is true that this year is a bit weaker, we see the outlook in a very positive fashion. The Convention Center that Washington has is one of the best on the eastern coast of the United States. It is the -- the projected bookings for that Convention Center, especially as you look out to '15, '16 and '17, are very attractive. Just as importantly, there's a lot of activity happening in downtown Washington that is make -- and some of that, I referenced in my comments, is happening immediately across the street from our new asset. There's a lot going on that's making Washington a more exciting city and more of a 24-hour city, all of which we think is only going to drive better results in our hotels over the course of the next decade. So at the end, that clearly Washington's going through a little bit of a soft patch. I think next year -- election years are actually tend to be decent in Washington, but I think the current next year that we'll be fighting is a little bit weaker convention business. But I think once you get past '12, we are very optimistic about the outlook for the future beyond that. Speaking specifically about the hotel, we think we've got a great hotel in one of the best locations in Washington. From our perspective, looking at owning that much of fee-simple property in the heart of D.C., we think that we're buying this at probably a 10% discount to replacement cost, and that's a little bit richer than where some of the other transactions we have done have been completed at. But now the other thing I would point out with this particular acquisition is, you may remember, that we also own the Capitol Hill Hyatt. And one of the benefits, we think, we see of owning the 2 hotels is as we've been able to do in other markets, we think there will be an opportunity, especially because it's the same brand, to take advantage of some synergies, combine some positions and enhance cooperation between the hotels, which will not only help this hotel but will also help our other Hyatt over on New Jersey Avenue.
W. Edward Walter: It's interesting is that, as Larry commented in his comments, that our RevPAR in Europe was up 10%, and I think it's 10% for the quarter and about 10% for the year. So that's actually been stronger performance in Europe than what we have seen in the United States. So despite the fact that those talks -- those issues have been out there for quite some time, the performance in Europe, both in the southern markets, Spain and Italy, which are some of the countries that get talked about, as well as the northern markets, has been quite strong. I would say, in general, that one of the reasons why we're seeing that is that in the northern European countries, I think the results are driven a little bit more by stronger economic growth. In the southern European countries, despite the economic concerns that those countries have and the fact that they are caught up in some of the same issues that Greece is facing, although not yet quite to the same degree, those markets, the lodging industry, is also driven by, to a great degree, by tourism. And as a result, we've seen a big increase in tour groups throughout Europe this year. I think that a better economy in the rest of the world has ultimately contributed to better results in Europe. So I think we may see that trend moderate a little bit for the second half of the year, only as we start to move out of the tourist seasons. But the bottom line is that, so far, we got our fingers crossed on this, Europe seems to be holding up relatively well.
W. Edward Walter: I would say it's a little spotty. I think there are some transactions that where -- that we have looked at where our sense is that private capital has become a more aggressive player. Generally, I think it has been the REITs, and so -- or as you were commenting. They've been the majority of the transactions this year. As the debt markets improve, we would expect to see private capital become an increasingly competitive player in the acquisition world.
W. Edward Walter: It's so hard right now, Felicia, to kind of -- to put like days around how far advanced bookings happen, but I think what -- maybe I'd describe it maybe a little bit more of a qualitative way, which is, last year, what we were finding is that we were typically running behind the prior year's pace until about 90 days out, and then our bookings in that last 90 days before our quarter was going to begin were incredibly robust. And that usually what was driving that subsequent quarter to turn out to be better than the prior year. This year, what we have found is that we are -- that we're coming into every quarter ahead of where we have been. But the bookings in that quarter, while they're still well ahead of what we would have had in '06 and '07 and a magnitude of 40% to 50% better than what we would have had in those prior years, well, they not quite as robust as last year. But the bookings, looking further out, say, looking 2 quarters out, 3 and 4 quarters out, have been stronger. And so I think while you'll still get -- if you talk to an individual GM, they will all tell you that it's still a short booking cycle. And they're right because they're all booking more than the normal amount of business in a relatively near-term time period to when the event happened. The reality is that as you look at the data, more and more rooms are being booked 6 months, 9 months, 12 months out as we start slowly to work our way to back to a more normal booking cycle.
W. Edward Walter: I think there's a couple of things that gives us kind of confidence in our second half guidance. The first is if you leave out the renovation impacts on the 2 hotels that we've been commenting on, the Sheraton New York and Philadelphia Marriott, and you look at our performance in the first half of the year, we were running at a RevPAR rate in the first half that was over 7%. So as we think about the second half of the year and we recognize that our renovation disruption should go down a bit, we think it's -- just as -- just to run at the same level as the first half would suggest that the second half of the year is going to run over 7%. I think as we also feel that as we look at the group booking pace as it carries into the second half of the year, it does seem to be a little bit stronger. The rate does seem to be growing. So that gives us a fair amount of confidence that things should be a little bit better. The trickiest part of this whole process is to try to assess the economy. If you look at the blue-chip consensus and use that as, at least, a measure of how folks are looking at the economy, they're essentially calling for better than 3% GDP growth in the second half of the year compared to about 2% in the first half of the year. So if that's true, that should clearly help us in general because, of course, our industry is dependent on economic growth. As we look at business investment, while that -- while the outlook for business investment is a bit more conservative than where it was at the beginning of the year, it is still quite robust. That, in our mind, has been one of the factors behind a strong transient demand and rate growth that we've seen. Now we don't see any reason why that's going to slow a little bit. So I think at the end of the day, you put all those factors together and especially as you look at the fourth quarter, which is where our forecast are showing the most strength, we generally think that we're going to be in much better shape in the second half of the year than in the first.
W. Edward Walter: Just to clarify, we have a very conservative approach to what constitutes a comparable hotel, so the reality is that those hotels won't come into our comp set until we've actually owned them for a full calendar year. So they then -- unfortunately, because of how well they've been performing, those hotels want -- won't be coming in, in the third and fourth quarters, despite the fact that we will have owned them for 12 months. I can tell you though that in a rough justice sort of way, if those hotels were in our comp set right now, we would -- our RevPAR results would be about 1 point higher.
W. Edward Walter: What I would tell you right now is that the -- we're probably up 6% to 7%, in terms of group bookings for '12. The bulk of that increase is in occupancy, not in rate. Rate is up. But one of the trends that we've been seeing for most of this year that the -- we're seeing more rate improvement as we get closer to the actual quarter in which, at least -- which suggests what's happening is as we get closer to the bookings that we're doing in the real short term are apparently coming in at better rates than some of the longer-term business that we had booked. And if you think about some of the business that's happening in '12, a lot of that would have been booked during some of those weaker time periods in 2009. So it's probably not surprising to see that rates are improving.
W. Edward Walter: I would -- we're about to go through, we probably start in about 2 weeks, the -- our capital planning process for 2012. So I will be in a much better position to answer that question for next year. I think you should assume -- though in general, both of our ROI CapEx will be meaningful next year, just because some of the projects that we started this year carry into 2012. The Grand Hyatt is in pretty good physical condition. There was a fair amount of work that was done there a couple of years ago. So I think, all in all, as we look out over the next 3 years, we're looking at spending somewhere between $10 million and $12 million. So there's nothing material that's associated with that acquisition that we feel we need to do. One of the -- one of our opportunities, which is the one place where this could probably could get more expensive is that we would -- do want to carefully think through the food and beverage platform at that hotel. And some of the changes that are happening in the immediate neighborhood offer us some opportunities to, perhaps, generate higher profit in -- to put in restaurants or other activities that might be better profit generating to what we have today. But some of that, we got to get into the property and assess how quickly things are going to happen in the neighborhood to determine how quickly to move on those items.
W. Edward Walter: Smedes, I would say there's still not a lot of evidence of transactions happening in those markets. But I think overall, our sense is that things are slowly but surely picking up. A lot of this starts on the financing side, and I think the indications that we've been getting is that the lenders who initially were only focused on the top 5 or 8 markets have now realized that -- gotten more comfortable with the overall level of a recovery and they're starting to expand out into other markets, which is then creating a basis for transactions in secondary markets to happen. So as we look forward, we will most likely be marketing at least a few properties in the fall. And as we think about '12 and '13, we're hoping that we're going to be able to accelerate our sales pace. That will involve a number of deals in secondary markets, and we're anticipating that the levels of demand in those markets will have improved.
W. Edward Walter: At this point, I don't think we've identified any other hotel besides really the 5 or 6 that we have that are going through this. I'd add Chicago O'Hare, Atlanta Perimeter, Sheraton Indianapolis to that mix, in addition to the one in New York and the San Diego property. But I -- it's -- there's -- I won't rule out that something like that might not be logical. At this point, we don't have anything that we've identified specifically.
W. Edward Walter: Jim, I don't -- I think it's tricky to try to carve that up a little bit between the 2 -- between the different factors. Supply in New York is up 4% to 5% this year, if I remember correctly. So I -- certainly, that has be to be causing a point or 2 of disruptions. I don't know that it would be more than that. I think some of that depends a little bit also -- I think that effect was probably a little heavier at the beginning of the year than it was in the second and third quarter, as occupancies start to pick up and are naturally stronger in the city and carry into the fourth quarter, where a lot of our hotels are full all year long. I think the effect of the supply becomes less important. In the first quarter, where occupancies are traditionally the lowest in New York, I think the supply increase was a bit more impactful.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, the overall dollar amount that we're projected to spend, net of contributions from our operators, in the $65 million to $70 million range. Our plan at this point is to start construction in the fall of this year, and then we would hope to be done sometime in the second quarter of 2012.
W. Edward Walter: That'll, I would say generally, I would expect to be -- still be a little bit higher on the multiple in New York than the multiple in D.C. If you're talking about properties of a -- sort of similar properties and similar locations that don't have a particular story about them. And I think that really would just be a driver of the fact that as you would look out to '12 and '13, we would be expecting to see somewhat stronger RevPAR growth and profitability growth in New York, in part, because New York fell so much more than D.C.
W. Edward Walter: Shaun, I don't have that right in front of me. But my recollection is that the revenue number came in relatively close to where -- if the revenues were ahead at the beginning of the quarter. I think what we've found is that we ended up with a little bit fewer room nights than what we saw. I think we were positive on the room night side coming into the quarter, and we booked less in the quarter for the quarter than we had the prior year. So that declined a bit. But the good news is that as the business all shifted around, the overall rate improvement that we experienced in the second quarter was better than we had forecasted. So we ended up with -- in roughly 4.5% revenue improvement that we had. I should note, too, is I don't want to overdo the commentary regarding Sheraton in New York and Philadelphia. But as I have found in trying to understand how we're doing is that sometimes pulling those assets out, just because of the level of disruption there, gives me better insight as to how the company is doing. If you look at the group side and you take those 2 assets out, what you find is the group demand was up over a point. Leaving out those 2 assets, then the overall revenue growth was higher than what I described, in part, because both of those hotels are big group hotels, especially Philadelphia. And they just weren't able to do the level of group business that they normally would have done. So as you think about the -- your question, which I think is a really good one to think about it for the third and fourth quarter, what I would probably be expecting is that we might find that, in the third quarter, our group room nights is a little less than the 3% we're running ahead right now, although we have healthy rates -- rate growth in the third quarter. So I think bottom line is that the overall results for the third quarter for group should be fairly positive. The fourth quarter I would still expect to see continuing a trend that we've seen all year. I would like to expect that we will find that there'll be more rooms booked going into the fourth quarter when we're talking to you in October than what we have right now, because the pace sort of that quarter out or so has still been pretty good. So I would expect to see some additional strength in the fourth quarter.
W. Edward Walter: You know what? As it relates to Sheraton in New York, we're sort of -- we're only about halfway through the process there. So we are looking at -- we expect to see good RevPAR growth from that hotel for the rest of the year. Some of that is New York. Some of that is the fact that the new rooms that we've done at that hotel is spectacular, especially compared to the rooms that we've had before. So there I think we are probably getting some of the lift out of the work we're doing. In the case of Philadelphia, one point I want to clarify is that we finished the main tower, the main building, which is the bulk of the hotel rooms there. But we still have the expansion that we did in that hotel about a decade ago called The Headhouse. We still have the rooms to do there. So Philadelphia will not be completely done until the fourth quarter. I think the combination of the new rooms and the new meeting space is clearly going to make that hotel that much more attractive, and so we'll see some good lift. It's unfortunate, in some ways, that the timing of this renovation -- we've been doing the Philadelphia renovation to be ready for the expansion of the Convention Center, and a tremendous amount of group business is going to hit next year. This year has also turned out to be a very solid year in Philadelphia. And I think Larry had told me that if you pulled Philadelphia, our Philadelphia hotel out of our Philadelphia result, our Philadelphia RevPAR would be up 9% in this past quarter. So it gives you a sense of the pain we're feeling to have the construction going on at this point in time. But at the end of the day, it was better to be ready for next year than it was to delay the renovation and then hurt yourself from what we think will be a very strong group year, especially when we have the best situated group hotel in the market for convention business.
W. Edward Walter: David, I would tell you that the multiple was just under 14% based on 2011. So it's in the same range of the other acquisitions of this caliber of a more stabilized asset that we've made. In terms of -- I think in terms of next year, we had -- I don't think I want to get into disclosing our -- what our expected yields are for next year. I -- you should take some insight from my comments that we're not necessarily expecting tremendous growth in Washington in 2012 into account.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, well, I think it was vague for a reason. We're -- our goal would be to keep it, but we are in discussions with the lender, and that is not fully determined at this point in time. So I think it would be handy to be able to take advantage of the existing mortgage, but on the other hand, it's not, as Larry detailed in his commentary, about some [ph] of our cash position, if it -- if that we ultimately cannot assume it, then we will close all cash and be happy with that result, too.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, let me clarify one point. I mean, we have, I think Larry said, over $475 million of availability on the line of credit. So we do have pretty good liquidity on the line of credit. I think going forward, we would generally be expecting to fund transaction through a mix of equity, most likely on the ATM Program and then debt. And as we're starting to get to a point where I think we may start -- we're starting to generate some cash flow from operations, too, which would also contribute to the mix. And then the last thing to take into account, I mean, just -- we haven't made an incredible amount of progress on this front yet, but we are going to be selling more assets. So as you start to look out into '12 and '13, I think we will be -- we're looking less at external sources of cash and more and effectively internally generated, either from ops or from sales, is the way to fund acquisitions.
W. Edward Walter: Josh, I'm going to shy away from giving what would end up being specific guidance on the quarter, because we've just made a policy decision not to do that at this point. But I think you've correctly analyzed it, that we would expect the fourth quarter to be stronger than the third quarter. I think that there's -- probably, I would have 2 basic reasons for that. One is that I think that the current issues that are floating around out there probably have a little bit more effect on Q3 than Q4, and I think the economic outlook for Q4, for most people, seems to be a bit more positive. The other point that I would make on that is that not only do we expect the renovations that we've been doing this year to moderate a bit, at least in terms of the 2 significant projects that we've been identifying, but as you circle back to last year, you may or may not remember that our investment spend, our capital spend in Q4 of last year was considerably larger than what we had done in Qs 1 through 3. And so as we think about overlapping that year with the fourth quarter of 2011, we sort of view it that there was construction disruption last year. That was one of the reasons why our fourth quarter was a little bit weaker than you might have anticipated, given the way the rest of the year had played out. We will get the benefit of that sort of relative weakness as we come into the fourth quarter of this year. So for both of those reasons, we would expect the fourth quarter to be stronger, and I think the big question is going to be how much.
W. Edward Walter: There'll be a little bit in the third quarter for 2 reasons. If you'll have Philadelphia still finishing up its last set of rooms, so that has some drag, and an overall level of capital in the system is a little bit stronger in general. So I think we'll see the third quarter is little bit better than the second quarter, then I'd expect to see the fourth quarter to be meaningfully stronger than that.
