Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So we saw meaningful in the quarter for the quarter bookings for the third quarter. That trend seems to be pretty consistent. We actually picked up 85% more relative to 2019 in Q3 in the quarter for the quarter. When we looked at the 245,000 group room nights that Jim spoke to that we picked up in Q3 for Q3 and Q4 about 46% of that was a pickup for Q3 and about 54% of that was about a pickup for Q4. Going into next year, as the booking window extends, we do expect that to moderate somewhat just because there wouldn't be any capacity left frankly at the hotels. So to put that into perspective in the fourth quarter booking window extended by about 10 days, which effectively was it was 80 days before and it's like 90 days now. And then all future arrivals that extended by 15 days. So we're definitely seeing that extend for -- in the year for the year as well as for future years. So you will see that moderation into next year. As it relates to markets that we expect will do well for next year we're certainly seeing strength to our portfolio as meaningful as San Diego Orlando and D.C. Overall citywide pace for 2024 is strong in Seattle, Boston, New Orleans and Miami as well. What's interesting is right now when you look at 2024 the city-wide room night pace is actually 90% of 2019 actuals which is up from 83% which we saw at the end of Q2.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, we still plan to get to the $310 million. We're working with our insurers right now. There will be an allocation between BI and property. So far what the letter we have got from our insurers is that we will be -- they're okay with the $80 million of BI. That's why we have $26 million of BI in our forecast. We are still working with the insurers to collect on the balance Don't know what that number exactly is going to be. It won't be all of the remaining to get to the 310 but certainly more than the $80 million. So, we do expect some BI next year that amount. We are still working with our insurers as to what that is going to be.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, just to expand on that Bill. I think the way to think about it first the level at the base. So, before we even get into the growth of EBITDA for next year. When you think about the midpoint of our guidance at 16.20 right now that already has a $30 million negative impact from Maui which was made up of $25 million from the hotels and then $5 million from the timeshare. So, let's assume for a second that we still have about a similar impact into next year as Maui recovers. And then you think about that $80 million of BI that proceeds for this year which Jim mentioned, is that effectively a majority of that we would have received as EBITDA from the Ritz-Carlton Naples, and the Hyatt Coconut Point, if it was not for Hurricane Ian. So, that is EBITDA we would be receiving for next year. So in other words, if you think about it, the base -- before any growth is starting off at $1.6 billion plus, if that makes sense. And then of course as Jim mentioned, in terms of expenses and everything else, we are working through and we have many initiatives that we are working on. So while there will be inflationary expense pressures, we fully anticipate to mitigate those pressures with productivity enhancements and various initiatives that we have going on at the hotels. And we will provide you with next year guidance as we typically do in February -- on the February call.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, it's a little difficult to look at November and December. It really is the disaster recovery business and how that will taper off, as the west side of the island opens up which actually opened up as of yesterday November 1st. So, it's we're trying to gauge the properties are trying to gauge what that demand pickup looks like, and how they will replace sort of the regular business with the demand recovery business. So that was driving the delta. What I will say is, if it was not for that Maui impact we put out October numbers at 2.4%. Our fourth quarter numbers would have been slightly higher than the 2.4%, if it wasn't for the Maui impact.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. And I'll add on the San Francisco piece, which is encouraging is our lead volume, as the San Francisco Marriott Marquis is actually up 5.5% to last year. And group room nights there was up almost 8.5% year-over-year as well. So – and in November is I believe when APAC that Asia Pacific economic conferences and that should be really good for San Fran as well. Obviously, 2024 as Jim mentioned, the city-wides are weak but that's why we are really making inserted effort to get quality in-house group at that hotel. As it relates to your question on BP [ph] it's been a very, very slow recovery from a room night perspective. Obviously, we had the strength of the special corporate rate this year almost double-digits. But the room night recoveries across the board for the portfolio is still down around 20% call it, that said, the major markets as we spoke about in our prepared remarks, San Francisco, New York, Denver is down only 10% to 19%, which is pretty impressive. In terms of 2024, we expect more of the same in terms of BP. We expect certain markets to recover – to continue to recover but just at a very slow pace. The reality is if BP will come back in a meaningful way when there is more macroeconomic certainty and there is two economic growth, we believe there's a pretty close relation with nonresidential fixed investment growth and RevPAR. And once that comes back in a meaningful way and GDP growth comes back in a meaningful way we expect that GAAP to reduce.
Sourav Ghosh: We are constantly working with our managers to evaluate brand standards that are relevant. And frankly I would say Marriott and Hyatt both made meaningful changes into the brand -- for the brand standards post pandemic really figuring out, which ones we should modify, which ones to eliminate, the ones which truly drive value to the guests. It's always a continuing conversation and we believe as technologies evolve and we can leverage technologies, which not only help from a productivity standpoint, but also enhance customer experience, we will keep on doing proof of concepts and piloting those technologies to drive incremental value to the bottom line.
Sourav Ghosh: And on the question of holidays and how things are pacing. You have to keep in mind Q4 holidays somewhat present a tough comp to last year because the last year was the first time the country was really open for broader travel during the holiday season. But that said, specifically for like a Christmas time right now and this is much more direction of what we have revenue on the books left Maui is effectively flat, which we think is very encouraging. And for Thanksgiving, it's slightly off but you have to remember it's that timing was a tough timing when you compare to last year. So, we were off less how Maui down about 6%, 7% in pace. But Christmas is effectively flat right now pacing flat in terms of revenue.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, Mike. We'll be happy to gather that information specifically and share it with you. But suffice it to say that we and Hyatt both believe that these properties were in need of a transformational comprehensive renovation. We were going to undertake work at all six of these hotels. About two-thirds of the work that we agreed to with Hyatt in return for the enhanced owner priorities and the $40 million guarantee to support disruption. So we see returns in the low-teens as we saw with the Marriott transformational capital program and that will be driven by the enhanced owner priority as well as yield index gains. So I think that we have a very high degree of comfort given the performance of the assets in the Marriott program just to refresh your recollection that was 16 properties. They're not all stabilized yet due to where we are but due to certain properties and certain competitive sets like New York, in particular, having been closed for a longer time than our property. But the assets that we have seen have delivered truly outsized yield index gains. We had underwritten three to five points and we're meaningfully above that. So, we're excited to be able to partner with Hyatt as their largest owner. And really looking forward to getting on with this program which we will complete over the next three to four years.
Jim Risoleo: Bill that's the question. It's really difficult to answer given where we are with respect to the budgeting process. What I can share with you at this time is we would anticipate wage growth next year in the 4% to 5% range. Where insurance costs are going to come in they're certainly baked through next June because that the renewal is year-to-year and it renews June one of every year or July 1 of every year I guess through June 30th. So, question mark will be what happens in insurance renewal and there are a lot of variables that can impact that. And as we get granular on each hotel budget, we will look for opportunities to continue to enhance improvements in productivity and utilize technology as we have been doing. So, we will do everything possible to command and control expenses going forward. But I do think it's important that we kind of level set the stage as to what is our true base of EBITDA going into next year. And I would like to just share a couple of numbers with you because I don't want people to think that the $80 million of business interruption that we received this year as a one-time event. It's really not a onetime event from the perspective that the Ritz-Carlton Naples and the Hyatt Regency Coconut Point are going to be back online full time next year.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Duane. Let me start, by saying that the -- were it not for Maui. I think our guidance range for the full year would have been tighter than it is. But we have a wide range at this point in time because of some of the uncertainties surrounding how Hawaii is -- how Maui is going to recover. The west side of Maui -- kind of Maui just reopened to tourists on November 1 yesterday. So it's going to take some time to see the cadence of, how people are going to come back to the west side. And I do believe it will take some time as well, for people to get comfortable rebooking their stays down in the [indiscernible] where our other two resorts are. We did see a lot of cancellations in the fourth quarter, due to some pronouncements that were made by the governor and we fully support the reconstruction and relief efforts, because what happened on Maui is just a terrible horrible disaster. And we fully support the fact that you've got to take care of the people first, and that's what's happened. So the reason, that our performance in the third quarter was better than we initially anticipated, is as a result of recovery first responders taking rooms at our property as well as providing housing that was subsidized by FEMA for displaced residents. And that really caused a material pick up better than we anticipated. You did see a decline in TRevPAR in the quarter by an amount that was directly attributable to what happened on Maui. I think the out-of-room spend the TRevPAR spend was impacted by 120 basis points. So, we're optimistic for the long-term future in Maui. It's a great place and great place to be, and we will do what we can to support the recovery.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. And point of fact -- just to kind of wrap this up way our anticipated -- the anticipated impact on comparable hotel RevPAR and comparable hotel EBITDA from Maui is 50 basis points off the top line and $25 million for the full year at the bottom line. So in that sense had Maui not occurred, we would have been talking about a guidance raise on this call because we were able to keep the midpoint at 8%, we would have been talking about an 8.5% guide for this year.
Jim Risoleo: Sure. I'll take the San Francisco piece of it Jay. And then Sourav, can talk a bit about business transient. San Francisco, we think for the long-term is a great place to be particularly, given the assets that we own which we believe are the best located in the market and excellent physical condition. San Francisco, Moscone Marriott has been for quite some time now building a solid base of in-house group business. It's in terrific condition. It was the first asset that we completed as part of the Marriott's transformational capital program completed in 2019. And the results are paying off relative to the competitive set it is outpacing I think everyone in the sect today. The Grand Hyatt on Union Square also in great physical condition and in a great location. So we are seeing a return of business travel in San Francisco in particular, in September. San Francisco it's one of our top business travel markets. We're down just about 10% in total room nights relative to where we were in 2019. So it's slow and steady. And I think 2024 will be a challenged year for San Francisco from a citywide perspective. But as we get beyond 2024, we're optimistic about how the market is going to evolve.
Jim Risoleo: Yeah. That loan was due to be paid off on October 18. We worked with the borrower and entered into a forbearance agreement and extension to November the next -- November 8, next Wednesday. As part of that agreement the interest rate was restated to 13% and there was an upfront paid that brought the effective rate all in to 15%. So they are in the final stages of completed the documentation necessary to have the loan paid off by next Wednesday.
Jim Risoleo: Dori, I sure hope so. I really do. I mean, clearly, our balance sheet is a differentiating factor for Host. As we've said, we have the ability to allocate capital across many fronts, as you saw us do in the third quarter and sitting here at 2.1x leverage and the ability to do deals all cash and get them done quickly is something that -- I don't think there's anyone else in this market can do today. What we're seeing today though is still a fairly significant bid-ask spread in the marketplace. There just isn't a lot of quality product in the pipeline. We are talking to a lot of people, a lot of hotel owners and we'll just have to wait and see how pricing trends as we get into 2024. But we clearly have the capability to not only continue to buy back stock, which we believe is very undervalued relative to our assets in the quality of our EBITDA and invest in our assets and pay a sustainable dividend, and also be acquisitive. So let's keep our fingers crossed that we have an opportunity next year to do that.
Jim Risoleo: Sure. Let me start with the last question that you asked with respect to leisure transient rates. We're very happy that in the third quarter, our leisure transient rates were 56% above where they were in the third quarter of 2019. For reference that's down about five percentage points from where we were in the second quarter. Second quarter we were 61% ahead. And the fact that the 56% number takes into account the three comparable resorts on Maui to the negative and it excludes our Ritz-Carlton Naples and our Hyatt Regency Coconut Point does give us a substantial level of comfort that our properties are going to continue to be able to charge a rate that customers are willing to pay just given the nature of the assets that we own. So we're not really seeing a divergence across the 16 resorts we have. They're all very high quality properties. And we're optimistic that as we get into the fourth quarter and as we get into next year, we'll continue to be able to drive strong performance at all of these assets. I think the Ritz, Naples what we're seeing with respect to booking pace across every room category at that property is very, very impressive and we're very optimistic that we're going to be able to outperform our underwriting expectations on the expansion of the Vanderbilt Tower. I think we underwrote a 12% cash-on-cash return on that investment and we're going to do much better going forward. So, we are not seeing any signs of weakness as we move into the holiday season. I would just caveat that by saying but for the unknown surrounding what's going to happen in Maui this year.
Jim Risoleo: Anthony, I think that Austin, we have two properties in Austin. We have the hotel Van Zandt and we have the Hyatt Regency, Austin. Just to remind you the Hyatt Regency was the first asset that we purchased during the pandemic. I think it was the first hotel that was done during the pandemic. And that asset is doing actually quite well. Van Zandt is -- and it's growing quite well given the fact that we're able to take in-house group given the lease base platform there as well as its location across the lake. Van Zandt is more of a leisure-driven property. And I don't know if you've been to Austin recently but there is an incredible amount of construction around Van Zandt in that particular submarket the Rainy Street district and that has really impacted business at that property. So for the long-term, I think it's going to be great. Going forward, because it's a myriad of new development is occurring there residential as well as office. But in the short-term it's going to be challenging until we get the cranes out of there and the Street's open up to business again. So -- and tech has had a bit of an impact as well in the near term on that asset. So you're absolutely right. With respect to plans for the Convention Center, Host as well as other hotel owners who have a presence in Austin have been meeting with the appropriate officials in Austin to talk about whether or not they're going to go forward with a closure of the Convention Center or a staged renovation and expansion and also talking about ways that we can mitigate any impact that actions taken with the Convention Center can will have on business in the Austin market. So we're being proactive and doing everything that we can to mitigate any potential issues surrounding the Convention Center going forward.
Jim Risoleo: Chris, the short answer is, it really is transaction dependent. And if we see a portfolio that we believe is accretive to shareholder value. And if assets needed to be repositioned and they have CapEx needs and we can see our way clear to performance in the near term, we would do that. I mean, I think a great example of an asset that has performed extremely well for us, that needed to be repositioned is the Phoenician. And we bought that asset in 2015 and completely reimagined the property and invested, I think $120 million to reposition it including new amenities, a new spa, a new fitness center, a new lobby bar and complete renovation of all the guest rooms and the asset is doing exceptionally well. So, if I could find another Phoenician that is something that we would certainly be interested and excited about doing. With respect to portfolio deals, we look at everything that's out there and we look at it with an open mind. And if there is a transaction that we believe is accretive, we would certainly take it down.
Jim Risoleo: Well, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on our third quarter call today. We appreciate the opportunity as always to discuss our quarterly results with you and we look forward to seeing many of you in person at NAREIT and other conferences in the coming weeks. Have a great day. Thank you.
