Jim Risoleo: Sure Neil, happy to share a little bit of color with you on how we think the market might evolve going forward. You correctly point out that we are in a unique position given the strength of our balance sheet. Being the only investment-grade lodging REIT and finishing this year, based on our guidance to the midpoint, a 2.4 times leverage puts us in a very unique position. I really believe that the fact that we were an all cash buyer gave us a competitive advantage in the Four Season Jackson Hole our acquisition. So, and we're able to move fast, we're able to continue to more talk of our relationships with owners and others in the industry and take that deal down with the closing period of less than 30 days from the time that we find the ROI. So, it puts us in a unique position as we look out into 2023 and '24, there's really a couple of different areas that I think acquisition opportunities may present themselves. And the CMBS market for full service hotel maturities in 2023, there's more than $7 billion. Our CMBS market for hotel maturity, full service hotel maturities in 2024 is over $10 billion. What we're seeing already to our inbound calls from all the hotels who have loans coming due over the next year to two years reaching out on a direct basis to see if we might have any interest in buying their property. Because it's going to be very difficult to refinance your loan apart plus the capital win for the assets that have been started from a PIP perspective. And you're correct in saying that the brands are now starting to reinstate PIPs, I think they were very lenient as well a lot of lenders during the pandemic but and now we're clearly through that period of time and we're seeing a lot of pressure not only in the CMBS market but from the brand company and also from the banks. The banks I think they are going to be taking a bit more of a firmer position and not kick the can down the road as we get into '23 and '24. So, we are delighted to be positioned where we are. We certainly intend to use the balance sheet, we will continue to be very disciplined in our capital allocation decisions and when we underwrite a deal, we underwrite it in a very conservative manner. And I think I mentioned in my remarks that our seven hotel acquisitions that we completed last year had beat our pro forma underwriting by a 100%. And we're excited to carry that all forward and look forward to the opportunities that may present themselves.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Smedes. Let me talk about the process a little bit that brought us the Four Season. They brought three hotels to market. There has been a public announcement regarding the Four Season strain. I don’t believe I'm in a position to really talk about the other asset given that we signed a confidentiality agreement. But suffices to say that we underwrote all three of the properties that were brought to market and we just couldn’t get our arms around pricing for the other two assets. And that’s why we pursue the Four Season Jackson Hole. And with respect to Jackson Hole in particular, this asset typically would trade at a multiple that's 15 times EBITDA or north a bit. And EBITDA is elevated, it's had a really terrific run during the pandemic. It's been discovered by a lot of people and it's a really unique iconic greenery place for hotel, right at the steps away from the gondola at Jackson Hole. Then the metrics that we purchased then onward, 13.6 times and at 6.6 CAP rate on 2022 results. And a couple of things that I think are really relevant when you talk about pricing on this asset are the following. I mentioned that the Jackson Hole airport is undergoing a renovation and expansion, was actually closed for three months this past summer. So, that crimped demand into the resort. Secondly, the property underwent a complete guest room and bathroom renovation which caused significant business disruption. So, as we look at it, we believe that 2022 performance was actually muted. And as that, the hotel renovation and expansion wraps up by the end of this year, we feel that the hotel the resort can get back to historical levels of occupancy. Which is the property is really unique because it is a Four Season resort. It's a Four Seasons property but it's a Four Season's resort that happens to be a ski resort as well with proximity to Grand Teton and Yellowstone National Parks, that's really a unique asset. So, we're delighted to own it. We see some asset management opportunities to create additional value as we typically do when we underwrite a deal. And we'll see where it goes moving forward for us. With respect to the other 12 properties, TBD whether or not or when they bring those assets to market. But again, given our balance sheet and given our relationship and given our performance on this transaction, we think we are really in a strong position to be a buyer of choice to some of these other assets. They got some terrific properties left like the Ritz-Carlton Laguna, Ritz-Carlton Half Moon Bay, they have a number of other Four Season's properties including the Four Season's in Austin, the Four Season's in Palo Alto. And so, I think they're sellers and I think we are given our balance sheet, our strength, our relationship, I think we are the buyer of choice.
Jim Risoleo: I'll start off by saying like when you look at our fourth quarter guidance, even once you take out the negative impact of Ian, we actually raised the guidance RevPAR by 25 bips and this was to the midpoint, obviously and adjusted EBITDA by $7.5 million. So obviously, when you look at sort of our expectations for fourth quarter, we continue to be optimistic in terms of all segments of demand. From a BT perspective, there has been sequential improvement month-over-month and when you look at specifically September, for urban downtown hotels, BT was down just 10%, which is really encouraging in San Francisco and Denver, as we've been showing on the prepared remarks was actually above ‘19 levels in New York was just shy of 3% to ‘19. So these are rates are holding strong. The holiday season is looking really good. Thanksgiving is pacing really well with total revenue is actually up 5% with rates up close to 40%. The same holds true for Christmas rates are up 40%. The only thing on the group side for Q4 to keep in mind when you think about absolute room nights is a couple of things. A) Is the Jewish holidays, both Jewish holidays, fell in September in '19 whereas that was split for 2022 one fell in September one in October? So that's going to obviously have a negative impact for Q4. And so as the midterm elections, which is also going to have somewhat of a negative impact in terms of absolute room nights, but rate is pacing ahead. We've picked up meaningful amount of group room nights for not only in the quarter for the quarter for Q3 but booked about 129,000 room nights for Q4 which is 10%, above 2019. So all in all, still very positive trajectory, have confidence and hence we raised our overall guidance, despite the impact of Ian.
Jim Risoleo: Sure. Through the course of the year, actually we have been seeing more uptake off large corporate groups coming in started off with more small medium size, and we saw a decent pickup of large. What we are overall AI in terms of just tailwind for next year. The big piece, which is still remaining is sort of the large associations, and citywide business. And frankly, with the large associations, they all have a governing board, which needs to determine which city they'll hold their events at which hotels they will pick. Though a lot of the decisions are going to be made effectively over the next two months. So we expect booking activity on those large associations do need to pick up in the first quarter of '23. But overall, through the course of the year, we've actually seen an uptick in more larger groups as to what we saw in the beginning of the year, which was more small, medium sized groups. And frankly, the rate is holding, rates for next year. That's up over 6% what we have on the books for our definite group of nights that we have in the box. And on special corporate negotiations, that really is still in progress. And we had said earlier and so at the management companies we expect to end up in sort of the high single digits once it's all said and done.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Duane. We are in a unique position to have the balance sheet that allows us to allocate capital in a number of different areas. If we look at the potential acquisition of an asset, like the Four Seasons, Jackson Hole, property of that nature is not going to come to market on a regular basis. I really feel that if we hadn't acquired that asset, it was likely to be acquired by somebody who would likely never sell that hotel. So capital allocation decisions are made based on elevating the EBITDA gross profile of portfolio, returning capital to shareholders when we think that's appropriate. And at a moment in time. This asset was available now and that's why we elected to make the acquisition. So we are going to continue to be prudent in our capital allocation decisions. We're going to look at what we think is the best use of our funds. As you know, we have been very forthright in investing in our portfolio from 2020 through 2022 we have deployed $1.5 billion of capital in our existing assets. We will have fully reposition 24 properties, 16 in the Marriott transformational capital program plus an additional eight that are really outperforming our expectations and creating long term shareholder value, which is really our overriding objective. As we think about capital allocation, the RevPAR gains that we are seeing are generally approaching double digit if not higher, and that puts us in a position to outperform the competition. And we think that is a really smart use of capital going forward. That's not to say if we don't see opportunities down the road to continue to use our balance sheet that we won't be in the market buying back shares. So as I said, on the second quarter call, we think this is a time to be patient to see what comes down the road. And as we can see today, there's a lot of dislocation occurring, given the Fed meeting yesterday, and what's happening with the Pound versus the U.S. dollar. So we're all in a very good position going forward. We like even a multiple on the Four Seasons, Jackson Hole as well at 13.6 times for a luxury resort that we feel is going to outperform going forward. And we'll bring that into a stabilized EBITDA multiple of 11 to 13 times over the next several years. So that's how we think about it. And there's, it's not, we don't put peanut butter in a piece of toast when we're thinking about how we're going to deploy capital. But we look at all the opportunities that are available for us.
Jim Risoleo: Well, we actually were in a position to move some business from the Ritz Carlton, Naples, to our Four Seasons Resort Orlando, right after the hurricane hit, we moved a very sizable wedding group to that property. The Ritz Carlton Golf Lodge, which was not affected by Ian, has been running full out. Groups that we had at the beach resort that we moved over there. So that property is really picked up business. Maybe Sourav can perhaps get into a little bit of detail around what we're seeing for the holidays because it's very strong across the board. And the Naples property is going to remain closed through the balance of this year to 2023 and we're looking at various stage reopening options. When we have more information we will certainly share that with everyone. Coconut Point is going to be back in business in the next week or so. And the only part of that property that is still in a state of disrepair is the Waterpark, really, which we hope to have back on by April. So it's very unfortunate that this happens. But it's the business that we're in, and we're very well prepared to manage through the process, and to move business to our other resorts that didn't suffer any damage. With that I will let Sourav talk a little bit about holiday bookings.
Jim Risoleo: Luxury resorts have consistently outperformed. Our ultra-luxury resorts already have consistently outperformed, luxury and every other property type over time. So as an example, as we looked at the Four Seasons Resort Jackson Hole, looking at the performance of that property from 2014 to 2019, it had a 5.8% RevPAR CAGR. The ultra-luxury resort generally had a RevPAR CAGR during that same timeframe of 4.3%. So clearly, ultra-luxury outperforms and this asset in particular outperforms the ultra-luxury set. So as we evaluated back in 2018, the one hotel [indiscernible] when we first really dug into how ultra-luxury performs and how it’s performed over time and we look back as far as 1992 today at different timeframes to see how these assets hold up during downturns, during recessions. The other thing I would point out, as we sit today is the $1.7 trillion of excess savings that's still in the system, 80% of that are in that savings amount, it's in the upper income brackets. So we're certainly not seeing any pullback on ultra-luxury performance and I expect that going forward, it's going to hold up very well if we were to suffer any sort of slowdown. One of the assets that we acquired last year, which is the Four Seasons Resort Orlando, at Walt Disney World, we bought that asset I think it was a 16.8 times EBITDA multiple on 2019 performance. It's going to finish this year, eight times EBITDA multiple on our purchase price. So I think as this further testament to how ultra-luxury is performing, the same thing has happened with the Alila Ventana that's going to finish the year at eight times EBITDA and not seeing any slowdown in booking trends, zero resistance to ADR growth.
Jim Risoleo: Let me start by saying, Jay that at this point in time, we're not seeing any signs of weakness in any of our segments, Leisure group and business transients and that is not only for the balance of this year, but that's as we look out into 2023. Now, of course, we don't have budgets yet for 2023 and we're not giving guidance for 2023 at this point in time, but we feel that we're really set up quite well to continue to perform, outperform as we move into 2023. If we started to see business transit follow up, if we started to see a real impact in the job market, we started to see corporate groups not booking or canceling. We would become more defensive. Now, that said, I think we're in a terrific position sitting here today, at 2.4 times leverage. We truly have a fortress balance sheet. We don't have any maturity in 2024. And the maturity that we have is a $400 million bond issue in 2024 that being investment grade, we're always going to have access to the debt markets granted, it might be a little more expensive than the current pricing, but we're going to be able to do what we need to do. Our entire portfolio with the exception, I think of two assets is fully unencumbered. So having been through slowdowns and downturns in the past, we keep a keen eye on this demand generators. And if we see things starting to turn us out, then we'll get a little more conservative and defensive.
Jim Risoleo: Well, we continually look at what actions we can take to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of hosts. And in the context of the Jackson Hole deal that does give us an opportunity to effectuate a reverse like kind exchange, if we can put a portfolio together and get fair value. To do that in this market, it's likely we would have to provide seller financing. And we'd be prepared to do that with the right sponsor, and on the right terms. The assets that we've disposed off, have really gone a long way toward helping us to elevate the EBITDA gross profile of the company, even last year. Just to summarize, between 2018 and 2022, we bought $3.5 billion of assets at a $13.7 times EBITDA multiple. We dispose of $4.9 billion at a 17 times EBITDA multiple and that takes into account close to a billion dollars that avoided CapEx. And it also allowed us to not suffer the attendant business disruption that would occur with that. So that is where we would go -- going forward. If we can get the right pricing, and we have the right sponsor, we are prepared to transact additional asset sales over the next six months to a year and a half or so.
Jim Risoleo: David, it really comes down to pricing and growth. And if we feel that we can buy an urban asset at the right price and that it's going to perform in a manner that's going to EBITDA gross profile of the company, taking into account capital considerations and renovations and all other items associated with owning a hotel, with buying the hotel, then I would say it in a broad sense, there's really no market that has a red line drawn through it today. We are going to continue to be really thoughtful about geographic diversification and outside of Maui or Oahu and where we have 12% of our EBITDA coming out of both of those markets. There is no one single market in the country where we have more than 10% or even a coming out today in 2022. The two I believe that at 10% are Orlando and San Diego two terrific markets. So as we think about allocating capital, we think it's important that we maintain a very geographically diverse portfolio and that we put capital in places where we're going to be able to generate outsized returns.
Jim Risoleo: Well, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on our call today. We truly appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you. I hope you enjoy the holiday season and I look forward to seeing many of you in Nareit in a few weeks. Thank you for your continued support.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. There is definitely compression that's happening in the overall Florida market, not specifically in any specific market within Florida. But just overall, we're seeing that compression offer. What I will say is the business equal, what we're seeing is room nights certainly have picked up in the last couple of weeks. But what's so interesting is the rates have really gone through the roof, relative to '19. Like I mentioned, our overall portfolio, that rate is north of 40%. We are seeing similar trends upload as well.
Sourav Ghosh: Absolutely. I think let me start off by saying that banquet and catering business has been very strong for the third quarter, we were up 6% in 2019 on absolute basis and when you look at it on a per room night basis, we were up 8.7%. So clearly, the folks that are coming into our hotels, the groups that are coming in are spending significantly more. And what's been great is when you look at the food cost and the beverage costs across our portfolio, it is actually better than what it was in 2019. So certainly our managers along closely work with asset managers as well are adjusting menu pricing on a real time basis to really adjust for any inflationary pressures. So overall, that's how we've been able to, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, how we've been able to really drive margin performance across all departments. And we feel very confident that the measures that we have in place and the long term initiatives that we have worked through over the past 12 to 18 months are sustainable. And we definitely are looking at margin expansion going into next year relative to '19.
Sourav Ghosh: It's both. Take rate definitely is higher. Groups are definitely spending more than they did. And pricing has adjusted as well. But I would say it's not just a function of pricing. Certainly we are seeing groups asking for more. And frankly, buying more premium shelf menu items as well as premium sort of shell bar options as well. That's what they're what they're picking. So it's both.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. That's sort of still evolving like I'd mentioned on previous calls, a part of it is just evolving brand standards. And we continue to work with our managers to identify brand standards that we can completely eliminate or modify. Some of it just frankly, just takes a little more time. And especially as business comes back to normalcy and you have more of the frequent guests coming back to the hotels, you just have a better sample set to make those determinations as to what brand standards make sense on a stabilized perspective. The other piece, which will take a little more time, we are have a lot of proof of concepts and pilots going on our hotels is just looking at various technology that can drive productivity improvements, just overall efficiencies of the hotel, whether it's incremental revenue or whether it's just reducing expenses, all kinds of different sort of technologies that we can leverage. Frankly, that's sort of your test hardware, there are things to it, and you do multiple pilots and see what works best, and then you sort of roll it up across the portfolio. So I would say you're looking at probably next 12 to 18 months for some of this and in some cases, some technologies are probably 20 months out before we can really roll it out across a portfolio.
