Jill Greer: Thanks, Kyle. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for the December quarter call. Joining us from Atlanta today are Delta’s CEO, Richard Anderson; our President, Ed Bastian; and our Chief Financial Officer, Paul Jacobson. We also have the entire leadership team here in the room for the Q&A session. Richard will open the call, Ed will then address our financial and revenue performance, and Paul will conclude with a review of cost performance and liquidity. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta’s SEC filings. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted and you can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at delta.com. And with that, I will turn it over to Richard.
Jill Greer: Thanks Richard, Ed, and Paul. Kyle, we are now ready for questions from the analysts. So, if you could review the process for asking questions. And again, we ask everyone to limit themselves to one question with a brief follow-up.
Jill Greer: Thanks. And that’s going to conclude the analyst portion of the call. I am now going to hand it over to Ned Walker for the media section.
Richard Anderson: Well, the certainly the up gauging strategy on our domestic network will put some pressure on our unit revenues and thus our competitive RASM performance is certainly going to be a huge positive for our margins.
Richard Anderson: It’s the most important measure that we look at. And as I think you know, we have already been seeing a fair bit of the up gauging over the course of the last couple of years, so driving both margin and RASM enhances. And I think what the way we look at it is the product superiority of the aircraft we are up gauging to will more than compensate for any RASM dilution we might be seeing.
Richard Anderson: I will talk – let Paul talk to the balance sheet implications. But from revenue perspective we are looking at the evolving SkyMiles to be better loyalty program for its customers and drive the type of customer behavior that we would like to encourage in the future. So, I think before we didn’t discern between a customer that was a high yielding customer versus a low yielding customer and I think as we continue to evolve those programs, we will be continuing to favor the higher yielding customers over lower yielding customers.
Richard Anderson: Well, first airlines and Delta in particular have to take the cost of capital into account with making investment decisions around the fleet. And what we have done at Delta is adopted a strategy of making sure that we use our shareholders’ money, we use that money prudently to get returns from day one a fleet investment. So, we have the right mix going forward. If you look at our wide-body fleet the average age of the wide-body fleet is 13 to 14 years. And on our domestic fleet, we began this year with a significant number of new deliveries. So, we are always working to calibrate the right mix of new deliveries and used deliveries. Given the glut of narrow-bodies coming on the market right now, we think that there is going to be significant opportunities because residual values on eight to ten year old narrow-body airplanes are on a significant downward slide. And we will continue to be with the glut of airplanes there. And you see our operating performance in terms of completion factor on-time and the like it’s at the very top of the industry. So, we have a firm specific capability of being able to manage a stream of new deliveries, but at the same time making sure we are averaging down our cost of capital, so that we can always hit our 10% to 12% return on invested capital. These are very long-lived assets and a long-lived asset in order for us to able to hit our returns we have got to capture the residual value. And be certain that when we are making pricing and investment decisions that those pricing and investment decisions are properly taking into account the cost of our capital.
Richard Anderson: Actually if you look at what we have done with Pinnacle it’s really been – it’s going to be a pretty revolutionary step because we actually for the first time have the right cost structure in place and the right fleet in place to be able to operate the most efficient 70, 76 seat operator in the industry. And the way the pilot agreement is setup, we don’t end up with the seniority issues that have cost issues in that industry in the past. And it gives us the ability to provide a very high quality product at the most efficient returns on capital investment in that fleet. So, we’re pleased with the opportunity and believe that it’s going to drive a very significant advantage to Delta over the long run.
Richard Anderson: Actually we are well down the path in the Pinnacle debt agreement and the agreement to bring them out of bankruptcy we have the right to retire the entire 140 airplane fleet of 50 seaters. And if you recall the Bombardier transaction that we did earlier this year for 40 firm and 30 option, 76 seaters, they have facilitated the removal of 60 of those airplanes and we have a clear path to get down in the range of 100 to 125 within the next 18 to 24 months.
Richard Anderson: What we said is that after the results of this $1 billion are fully baked in, we would expect to see forward-looking trends of flat to 2% CASM off of 2013 levels. So, it’s a combination of 2012 base as well as anticipated growth in cost, but we are flattening out unit costs based on that 2013 level.
Richard Anderson: John, I think that we should respect our Board processes. And we’ll – I’ll be certain to keep the investor base well informed as we move through this process.
Richard Anderson: I would make two key points there. The first if you think back to airlines like Skybus $2 billion of capital is no longer available. With the new Basel rules and the rules in the U.S. on the requirements for banks and financial markets to keep capital in reserve, it’s a much different situation in terms of capital in the marketplace. And the second piece of that is, Brent is at about $1.10 and that model is a very difficult model at these sorts of fuel prices. So, when you look at where the capital markets and how the capital markets approach financing airlines today and look at where fuel prices are today, I think we are in a very different dynamic.
Richard Anderson: We gave you the core, we typically don’t give the forward months Kevin, but they are all generally in the range we talked about. I think February we might have a little more capacity out because of the leap year from last year, but it’s they are all relatively consistent.
Richard Anderson: There is not a whole lot of changes to what you seen. We have AirTran/Southwest down to about 170 departures. If you recall their peak was just under 300 several years ago, so continued rationalization of capacity on their part. And as we look forward that into the published schedule, that capacity rationalization continues.
Richard Anderson: In terms of the details of the contract, there is no material breakup fee involved in any of contracts. The pace of the deal we think is as we have expected where we are as I said earlier in the midst of three separate regulatory or kinds of regulatory reviews competition, ownership and control in the UK and the joint venture review at DOT. Our objective is to get those completed within a six months timeframe that can extend a bit. And there are some variables in all the agencies, but we think that’s a realistic target. And we have made our filing at Justice under Hart-Scott Scott. We have made our initial filing at DG Com in the EU. And by the end of the month, we should file for ATI with DOT. We have had initial meetings with all agencies. We are on the basis of those reasonably optimistic about our timeframe.
Richard Anderson: Well, we until we get all the requisite approvals, Delta will continue to make its route decisions and capacity decisions by route independently as will Virgin.
Richard Anderson: Yes, American Express is our, I’d say our most important commercial partner globally and we have got a long-term contract with them. And we are not going to be able to talk about any forward-looking changes to the plan as you can appreciate, we are always thinking about ways we can innovate for the future, but that’s about as far as we can go.
Richard Anderson: Kelly, we don’t break those out independently. It’s the coalescence of a great operation, great customer service by our employees, the phenomenal job by our sales and distribution organization, and a great job by our network planning. So, like everything in an airline, it’s all a team sport and everybody is playing a really great role in making sure we deliver a premium product for a premium unit revenue production.
Richard Anderson: Well, I mean Mr. Buffett is a lot smarter than I am, so I would never open on his investment strategy. So, I will set that question aside. If we look at overall where Delta is and we can just speak from the perspective of Delta, 2013 will be a really strong year for this company and it will be a good improvement over 2012. And so it will be the fourth consecutive year of strong performance. And we look out across at our three-year strategic plan. We see continued strength in the business model. I think we have the obligation and the opportunity to continue to innovate to be certain that we approach this as a business and approach the deployment of capital in a rationale and prudent way. And if we continue to do that and we continue the kinds of innovations that we have undertaken here at Delta, we are confident about the long-term investment thesis for our enterprise.
Richard Anderson: No, this is Richard. If you took Sandy aside completely and the effects it had on distribution in and out of the facility, everything has gone as planned.
Richard Anderson: Actually, since we have actually closed on the refinery and spent a lot of time in the turnaround process, we have become more certain of how prudent that investment is for our company.
Paul Jacobson: Mike, this is Paul. There is no hard and fast rule. We are working with the accountants on that and the reversal has to do with historical earnings and where we are on book tax differences. So, as we continue to work through that, that’s something that could happen in 2013.
Paul Jacobson: No, Glenn, this is Paul. There was one unit that we have taken down briefly as a result of some of the slowdowns from the storm. That unit is expected to be up and running within a week, but we have not shutdown the refinery.
Paul Jacobson: That represents a shift in our strategy from our MRO as we are starting to streamline to higher margin accounts and business and we expect to grow off that platform in 2013.
Paul Jacobson: The pension on funded liability is going to increase in at year end by about $2 billion. That has a minimal effect on expense based on where we are in amortization and the result of lower interest rate. And there is no material change in funding, because we have the benefits of the airline relief under the Pension Protection Act.
Paul Jacobson: Well, Hunter, our crude sourcing is handled by a multi-year agreement with BP that we entered into at the time of acquiring the refinery. So, there is no change in that. Bakken as a source of crude, it’s a little bit early to tell as to what kind of volume we can run in it, but as we run this first shipment this quarter we’ll have more colors to what the total potential is, but it’s pretty significant.
Paul Jacobson: Mary Jane, this is Paul Jacobson. I think in our conversations with investors, I think there is meaningful consideration given to history of the business. And we believe that fundamental change has occurred, but we are in the early stages of consolidation which makes the industry more stable than it has been. And I think when you look at our recent performance over the last few years viewed against the lens of history I think the signs are petty promising. And we expect that continued improvement going forward.
Ed Bastian: Mike, this is Ed. Let me just clarify Paul’s comments he is right we are working through it, but I also – I don’t think we are going see it in 2013. And I think what we are looking at is maybe by the end of 2013, we’ll make that determination for 2014 looking forward.
Ed Bastian: Duane, this is Ed, we are not necessarily anticipating its going to decelerate, I think that the clarity that we have to January is obviously much better than looking out towards the end of March. So, we want to put guidance out there on a quarterly basis that we are comfortable on the balance, but we hope to do better. But with the bookings where they are right now, we see January very strong, we see every month in the quarter is strong. And our visibility to March isn’t as clear, clear as it is currently here in January.
Ed Bastian: Hunter, this is Ed. I think it’s all the above. We have picked up over the last couple of years some very significant new accounts. We have improved our share substantially in a number of existing accounts and I would say the financial services and the banking sector is probably the most important there in terms of where we have been able to not just pick up new accounts, but also improve. We had a very, very large, one of the largest banks in the world that we just signed in the last six months a corporate deal with out of New York that we never previously had a corporate arrangement with. And what they are looking for is they are looking for a career that can take them anywhere they need to go on the schedule and the frequency. It’s a big part of the reason behind the Virgin Atlantic transaction, because the JFK-Heathrow market is the sector that those – the financial services firms travel – travel most, have the greatest amount of need for and schedule frequency for and we have been able to knock another thing off the list. They look for the product the investments in the new international product. The flatbeds upfront will be fully complete by spring of 2014 there. So, it’s a combination of our geography, our schedule, our service levels, the great service our employees provide, which matters. That’s all contributing here. And probably the easiest way to sum all that up is if you look at our fourth quarter, our total corporate revenues were up almost 10% against a marketplace that was pretty flat in terms of overall corporate travel spend in the fourth quarter of the year. That’s a big number.
Ned Walker: Okay, hi. Thanks very much Jill. Kyle we are ready for the media Q&A, if you could go ahead and review the process for the media as to how to get in the queue for questions. Also I would like to ask the media if they could limit it to one call and a brief follow-up that way we should be able to accommodate most people. Thank you. We are ready.
Ned Walker: Okay. Kyle, if you could once again review the process for getting into the queue to ask questions and with that, we will turn it over to the next question.
Ned Walker: Okay, great. Kyle that will conclude the call and thanks to Richard, Ed, Glen, Paul, and Ben concludes the December quarter call. We will be back in three months for the March quarter. Thanks very much everyone.
