Paul Jacobson: Sure. Thanks. First of all thanks Andrew for being here and for your question. It really is the across the board effort, across the expense base obviously certain volume based costs like passenger commissions, passenger service items have come down commensurate with the loss of travel demand. We've seen 80% to 90% reductions in some of those line items. We mentioned briefly in early march that we were taking actions across our maintenance program and Jill and our technical operations team has done an amazing job of stripping out over 80% of our maintenance costs in the June quarter year-over-year. That's largely as a function of the fact that the performing fleet today doesn't need nearly as much inventory of serviceable parts and components that we had planned. So we've been able to shift our focus to those critical items reducing over 80% from that. We mentioned all the salaries and related across-the-board that has been a collective effort coming forward. The suspension of CapEx, obviously a big piece of that, we had done a good bit of that even in the second half of March but really it's across the operational side that's driving a lot of that incremental benefit.
Paul Jacobson: Well first of all Jamie, thank you for your kind comments. It's really good to be here too. The simple math is the right one, the way we're looking at it we have constantly updated the market values of the collateral and where we look. So yes, against what we just disclosed we've got about $13.5 billion that we continue to review and we have a list against those assets. So we're going to continue to move forward on raising liquidity, making sure that we shore up that balance sheet and keeping all options on the table. As for the government loan program we haven't had any specific conversations as I mentioned in my comments. We have worked out with them that we are going to apply for the grant, I'm sorry for the loan by April 30, but the provisions of that program give us until September 30 to decide whether we will actually action and structure and take that loan going forward.
Paul Jacobson: No, I was going to say no conversations about any specific collateral at this point in time. We have shared with them that we are committed as is the -- not just the language but the spirit of the program to access it if there are no reasonable capital markets opportunities available and we still feel pretty good about what's available to us in the market. 
Paul Jacobson: So Mike good morning. The grant peace net of the loan will actually flow through as a contra expense item essentially offsetting the requirements that are in there for maintaining workforce, etc. So it'll show up as an offset to salaries and related or other operating. We're still working through that but it will flow through the P&L. The loan piece of it will obviously be capitalized on the balance sheet as a debt instrument. Interest expense will flow through that and the warrant will be reflected as equity.
Paul Jacobson: No. It's in all the cash numbers that we've talked about in terms of ending above $10 billion in June.
Paul Jacobson: I think so Mike. I know Amex has their call later in the week on earnings and they'll probably discuss how they're doing, how they're referring to the crisis. Clearly given the fact that passenger demand is falling also dramatically, our carts think has not fallen off nearly as dramatically but it's down in numbers in the short term and it's one of the things that's enabling us to keep, we got 10% revenue target in the current quarter compared to our current plan. That's one of the contributing factors is the spend on the card.
Paul Jacobson: Well Savi, I think we have as I mentioned in exhaustive list of potential opportunities that range across the board including secured debt, equity convertible, the government loan program SkyMiles lots of different things on it. What I would say is that, we're looking to optimize two things. Number one which is availability and an ease of financing and two is just availability of the markets in general. We have found great success in both the secured debt markets as well as the sale-leaseback markets that have done particularly well for us and we would certainly put that at a higher priority than we would be thinking about equity down the road. So well, the uncertainty means that we can't rule anything out we're certainly prioritizing use of our unencumbered assets.
Paul Jacobson: Well, Brandon it varies. I would say that about half of that is aircraft of various ages and vintages. Some of the newer airplanes that we have been doing sale leasebacks on, we've been getting a 100% sometimes even marginally a little bit more than what we had appraised for on that basis. Some of the older airplanes as we are looking at that are going to have let's say leaseback content more secure debt type content that would have a lower loan-to-value going forward. So it really varies across the pool but we've taken that pool. We've assigned value to what we think is doable and we're marching along that plan.
Paul Jacobson: Sure Duane and before I answer that I want to go back to one thing that David had asked and just to clarify for the avoidance of any doubt that the partner investments that he asked about monetizing that Ed said we're not interested, are not included in our unencumbered assets calculations just in case there was doubt about that. And as we think about trainer Duane obviously we've made some adjustments both in terms of where the market sit but also in terms of our own declines in jet fuel production, our jet fuel consumption which have been significant. We have cut production at trainer. We're operating about just a little over half of what we were and blending all that jet fuel into diesel and trainer is covering its variable costs and contributing to fixed costs in the short term. That being said we do expect it to produce a loss in the second quarter and as we think about trainer obviously we are thinking about what does the airline look like afterwards and we will assess all that. It remains an important part of our overall fuel strategy but that's obviously somewhat muted in the current environment today.
Paul Jacobson: Nothing significant as we have a lot of that working capital already securitized and we managed to keep that relatively constant throughout all the operation.
Paul Jacobson: Joe, I think you've done a lot more work on that than we have necessarily but I would say that we have not contemplated securitizing it or monetizing it in any way and the asset base that we have and the permitted liens under our agreements, we think ultimately would make a pretty good package if we decided to take a government loans. So I don't think we need to look to loyalty for that. As for the opportunity to do a pre-sale up, not going to get into any details. That's obviously a conversation that we would have with American Express and Ed speaks to them very regularly and that's that's borne out of the partnership mentality. It's not anything that we would comment on here publicly.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. It’s the demand questions are hard to answer because there's not a lot of data right now but one data point which is progress is that where cash sales are now starting to equal the refunds going out the door. So that wasn't the case, 30 days ago. We are being overwhelmed by the amount of cash refunds relative to the new cash sales coming in. So that's going to take some time. We're prepared for the duration and we know we've got a good product and good service and a good brand that will be there when people go set to travel.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning Katie. So the answer to your first question is absolutely those are all sale leasebacks on the existing fleet and I didn't catch the second question. Apologies.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. We still have some as I mentioned in my earlier comments about half of the remaining is aircraft which includes some newer vintage models that we think are good candidates for sale leasebacks and some older aircrafts that at the end of the day probably are not that would be more in line for a secure deathbed transaction. But we still have some, yes.
Ed Bastian: The other thing Andrew is all the leaves, over 30,000 employees have taken voluntary leaves many of them in April, the current month were in on an unpaid basis and are extending those throughout not just the quarter but some into the full year and those are monumental and they're really helpful.
Ed Bastian: Well, certainly anything that was scheduled to retire over the next five years as an accelerated path towards retirement just to be very-very simple and straightforward. If the MD 80s were already retiring this year so that's on the MD 90s. We'll probably be making that decision soon in a similar vein. We got 767, 757 there's some of the older models that we operate. We will certainly be looking at the a RJ's with smaller RJ's that we operate. But we'll be taking the time to, as they say accelerate into the future and fast-forwarding many of these decisions with simplification and streamlining of our entire business model at the core of the new normal for Delta. Many of things that we're on a path to do. I think we shorten that pathway considerably as a result of this crisis.
Ed Bastian: Hi. The situation with Airbus is one that obviously we've got a great relationship. We're having constructive dialogue but the reality is as I've shared with gentlemen and he shares our pain. We've got 600 aircrafts on the ground. We don't need any more aircraft to be putting on the ground and we'll work through this issue. We don't have any plans to expend cash to your point over the balance of this year on new aircraft, whether eventually over the course of the year we wind up taking some fully financed aircraft. It's an open question right now but the reality is is that they're, they're good partners and they're working with us on it.
Ed Bastian: Mike, I think when Amex talks on Friday, I think you will probably have some better, I don't want to I am close to Steve and I know the numbers. I don't want to share anything but I think when you hear their perspective it will better answer your questions than I can.
Ed Bastian: And I would share Savi, I would share Paul's thoughts on the financing prioritization but don't forget the most important liquidity we raised is it’s cost savings, in this environment where revenue wasn't coming in the door and while it's great that we have access to the capital markets. My team is doing a very good job. The fact that we're able to save 50% of our total operating costs that we had in our forecast just 30 days ago in the current quarter that's $5 billion as well. So that's a meaningful statement of liquidity that will obviously continue to build off of.
Ed Bastian: Yes. Well we're not in a position to take any options off the table. We're looking at, at all options. We have no plan for that at the moment. We've got a pretty good list of opportunities to raise liquidity from before executing that option but we're not going to exclude any option going forward until we have a better view when the recovery is going to come.
Ed Bastian: David again you broke up a bit on the phone. Your question is about our investments in our international partners using that to raise our cash, monetizing them.
Ed Bastian: Those are all strategic partnerships and they'll all go through and they are all going through a very similar situation is that they arguably even more stressed than the domestic U.S. airlines are given that the international business across the board is pretty much down to very-very small numbers. We are in constant contact with them. We'll continue to provide our insight, our expertise. We're not in the position to be making any financial commitments to any of them and they are aware of that and we will work with them as the recovery takes hold. This recovery is going to be choppy. It's going to take some time. My expectation, I think our expectation is domestic will come back faster than international but international will come back and there's a path to getting there and we're very proud of those partnerships and I have no interest in trying to sell them or monetizing them at this point or any time in the future candidly.
Ed Bastian: Well, I think it's premature to be speculating on product per se Hunter, but I firmly agree to believe that even when you ask people what's the most important thing to get them to start traveling and it's going to be confidence in their safety, their personal safety not just their physical safety and we are, at Delta we have years and years and years of expertise in flight safety expertise and we've got rigor and analytical tools. We are the safest form of transportation in the world of any form of transportation in the U.S. aviation system. And by applying that same level of analytical rigor and insight working with the medical community and I'm not trying to be a healthcare professional here but we do have medical expertise and advisers that we are working with and will continue to work with the help translate the return of business to where people feel safe and an accommodate that. We will make whatever changes to the business model that will be necessary. If it turns out to be immunity passports will be a new form, you think about everything that came out of 9/11 with TSA and homeland security and new public agencies. Could there be a new public health agency coming out that requires a new passport to travel and I don't know but we'll be on the forefront of all those advances but I do believe people will value not just the experience but who's providing the experience and the reliability and the service excellence of that and that's our calling card, that's our brand. That's what Delta stands for.
Ed Bastian: I think all those are fair observations Hunter. I don't know what the answer is. We're going to spend the time in these next few months to as we build the company that we want for the future not necessarily rebuild what we had and we'll be asking ourselves to that question. We'll be asking consumers those questions. We will be, we will have a chance to test as we move forward, as we walk through. This recovery is going to take several years. It's going to be a multi-phase. It's going to be choppy along the way. We'll have opportunities to test all those species and see what it takes. Ultimately, it's going to be what it take to inspire confidence in air travel and the safety of that maybe it's vaccine in two years on a widespread. I don't know but there's a host of ideas and options and alternatives that we are exploring and we'll do whatever it takes to make sure that we get our business model not to back to where it was but improved and more resilient for the future. Our margins whether our low factors come down or not it's possible. They certainly will be in the short to medium term. Whether they eventually get back to 90% who knows but we'll figure it out as we go. The other thing I do know is that there will be fewer airplanes flying in the skies for an extended period of time and that's going to be an opportunity for us to focus more on a more premium experience and getting paid for what we deliver.
Ed Bastian: Well, I think all of our international partners are working with their local governments as to what's required to provide backstop and support similar to how we work with our government here in the U.S. I'd say the thing that's a little different in most of the international marketplace is that they're talking about loans as compared to grants and we were very successful and I give the U.S. airline aviation industry some real kudos for getting out in front of this working with A for A working with all the CEOs across our space to understand that this is not just about putting more debt on airlines balance sheets but keeping people in their jobs for a period of time to give us a chance to understand what the other side of this looks like in six months. I don't know that you'll see that on an international scale. I think there will be a lot of loans. You may see some international airlines nationalized. I think there's going to be an array of alternatives. You will see some international airlines go away. You will see some international airlines not on our specifically this is probably go through administrative and bankruptcy processes. So I think as we look at the trajectory of the recovery it's going to be slower internationally than domestically and as a result that we're going to stay really close to our partners and help provide them not the financial support but certainly the commercial support and the strategic savvy to navigate a very uncertain recovery.
Ed Bastian: It is safety Helane. No, it is safety. It's personal hygiene. It's personal safety and the answer to your second question I'll take first is yes we are. We've got a lot of staff in the airport environment and not a lot of departures. So we've reallocated a lot of our team members to ensuring not just the cleanliness and the hygiene aboard our aircraft. You would probably not be surprised to know that as we continue to survey our customers even though we have fewer traveling we still continue to survey them that our cleanliness scores are through the ceiling, 3, 4X times improvements on board to planes and if you want to go check it out for yourself I'd encourage you to the travel on us. You can, you can see that. But working through the airport the facilities, working with TSA, all the things that we have to do to reduce touchpoints and allow customers the same level of safety on board to planes as they, they transit through our facilities. So we are looking through all of that. What will return through the recovery I don't know. I simply classified as a demand, I mean certainly I think demand will be there when it's safe to travel, when people feel confident that they feel through both the medical progress we make through the medical community, through government leadership when people indicate that it's safe to travel and that's when the recovery will take shape. This is very unlike anything we have ever encountered. We have encountered a lot of crisis in our industry. This one where people physically do not feel safe to venture out of their homes is unique to us and we got to inspire the confidence they have to start traveling again.
Ed Bastian: No. Joe. No, we don't. Yes, I just wanted to add on to what Paul was saying about Amex. They're great partners. We've been through thick and thin with them. We've done pre-sales in the past. If we come to the point where we feel that's an important source of liquidity, we will have good constructive conversations but we are not having conversations unlike publicly reported [documents] indicate we are not and but we're staying close to our good partners in that at some point we very well made but not, there's nothing imminent to announce it now.
Ed Bastian: Well, I categorize this with we're bumping along the bottom here and bookings are down. Traffic is down about 95% and that's where we're sitting and it's a mix of people who need to get there that's essential people traveling as I said before. So people who need to get to see sick people, people who are first responders, people whose work goes on and it's required for them to travel. So it's really people who are needing to travel and I think as it said before as people perceive it as being safer we will see the larger volumes come back but with everybody having stay at home orders, it's hard to envision when you can't leave your house, how you would go to travel at this point.
Ed Bastian: I wouldn't speculate. My sense is the appetite for additional relief beyond that will be challenging and I think the combination of the PSP together with the loans to provide us with liquidity we need to get through this crisis. That'd be my view.
Ed Bastian: I don't know. That would be a difficult financial burden to carry. I don't think we can build our business models to sustain once-in-a-century pandemics and we'll learn a lot from this. We will be a lot more resilient about this. This will take us a bit of time as an industry to dig out. They have got plenty of time to ask those questions in the future but for now we're very focused on weathering this storm and getting through over the next several years and then we'll have time to think about that.
Ed Bastian: Well, thanks Katie. We are going to do our best to continue with the programs we've got in place working through voluntary measures with our employees. They're doing a great job of taking leaves and reducing work hours and finding ways to preserve cash, our maintenance program we're doing the same thing. I think we'll have that same goal into Q3 certainly and hopefully Q4 and give us time to start building demand over the balance of the year to where the revenue can start to catch up with the level of cost savings that we're having and use that to reduce the cash burn but in the short term teams on a massive effort and I think you're going to see that continue. There’s always been a lot of dialogue in our business as to what our true variable cost structure is. We're seeing that we've got a lot of variability that we've built into the cost structure and it's proving to be an important source of resiliency for us in our strategy here.
Ed Bastian: Thanks Stephen. I hope your family is well as well. We're doing that. We have a lot of work going on in the cargo space. We probably should have mentioned that during the call more. We've instituted charters going over to China as we're bringing medical supplies, PPE back to the workers on the front line of this crisis. We're working with a number of different companies to do that through. We have looked at and we're taking some of the main deck seats off our – a few of our international planes to facilitate taking greater lift in the short term and we'll continue to use those resources where it makes sense for certainly for some time to come. Team in cargo, Shawn Cole, is doing a really-really nice job and we've got a lot of people supporting in the broader community what we can do with relief efforts. Really proud. The other thing we've done, we didn't talk about is that we've repatriated over 5,000 people working with the State Department from markets that we don't even fly to historically or going into India and bringing tons of people back to their families safely and we continue to do some of those missions going forward. 
Ed Bastian: Absolutely. Again there's nothing in this crisis that shows us any individual part of our business model. It doesn't work over time, but as long as people feel safe, everything's going to work. So spending will work, travel will work, experience will continue to be important and our partnership with American Express is incredibly strategic and important to us in the future.
