Glen Hauenstein: Thank you, Ed. I’d like to start by thanking our employees for the difference that they make every day. We delivered record March quarter revenue at $11.8 billion, 14% higher than 2019 on 2% less capacity. Total unit revenues, or TRASM was 16% higher than the same period in 2019. These results include approximately 1-point impact from flying less capacity than initially planned. Consumer demand was well ahead of pre-pandemic levels and drove strength in domestic and international travel. Business travel improved in the quarter with small and medium businesses ahead of ‘19 levels while managed corporate travel showed steady progress led by international. Diverse revenue streams, including premium and loyalty, generated 56% of total revenue in 1Q. Premium revenue growth continued to outpace the main cabin. Total loyalty and revenue grew 28% versus the prior year, with continued momentum in our American Express co-brand portfolio. We saw card spend up more than 20% year-over-year. This supported a record $1.7 billion of remuneration from American Express during the quarter, keeping us on track to deliver over $6.5 billion in 2023. Throughout the recovery, travel behaviors and patterns continue to evolve. The hybrid workplace is blurring the lines between business and leisure trips while the removal of change fees has increased customer flexibility, allowing them to book trips earlier. This dynamic was more pronounced in the March quarter, and so we are continuing to adopt and see opportunities to further optimize our revenue management approach to these new travel behaviors in future months. We expect June quarter revenue to be up 15% to 17% year-over-year on capacity that is 17% higher. This implies unit revenues will be flat to down 2% compared to prior year, including a couple of point impact from higher international mix as well as lapping record cargo revenues. For comparison to the March quarter, the midpoint of this outlook is a 3-point sequential improvement in total unit revenues versus 2019, driven by improvements in both, domestic and international. Moving forward, we are sunsetting the comparisons to 2019 and returning to year-over-year metrics. Domestically, we are growing our seats mid-single digits over last year with our core hub rebuild beginning to take hold in June and accelerating through the fall. On international, we are excited with the momentum we’re seeing and expect record revenues and profitability for the summer travel season. To meet increasing demand, we are growing our international seats by more than 20% in the June quarter compared to prior year, and we already have about 75% of our bookings on hand. In the transatlantic, we’re seeing strong demand on our largest ever summer schedule. Our Amsterdam hub performance continues to improve, and we are pleased with the outlook for all of our new markets. In Latin America, momentum is continuing to build. The breadth of Delta’s long-haul network to South America continues to improve as we begin to leverage our partnership with LATAM. Pacific demand is accelerating, and we expect record margins meaningfully ahead of pre-pandemic levels. Our multiyear restructuring efforts in the Pacific are paying dividends, and our partnership with Korean Air is performing extremely well, providing us future growth opportunities. In closing, consistent execution of our long-term commercial strategy is supporting industry-leading margin performance and demonstrating the resiliency of our business model. The long-term investments we’ve made in our fleet, global network and technology pave the way for future growth and margin expansion. Thank you. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Dan to talk about the financials.
Glen Hauenstein: Sure, Mike. Let me try and answer the first one. And I’d like to just mention that on Tuesday, we had our second highest cash sales day ever. Seasonality that’s starting to decline, usually those occur earlier in the year. So I think that just points to the strength of the core demand for our products and services, be it domestic or international, just at a combined level, the number two sales day in our total history occurring this week. And so, behind that backdrop of really strong consumer demand across the board, I think what we’ve seen is travel patterns changing and shifting a little bit more than they did pre-pandemic. We had a lot of stability, pre-pandemic, and we’re adjusting here into what I would call a new normal, and we’ll figure out exactly where that lands over time. What that meant in the quarter was materialization rates actually went down a bit throughout the quarter and materialization rates to us is book to flown ratios. Normally just a couple of points, accelerating a couple of points more than usual, probably attributing that to the flexibility without change fees that we’re seeing in the marketplace. And so, that’s really easy to accommodate as we just turn up slightly our overbooking levels to make sure that we capture the higher load factors. And then secondly is the booking trends inside of 30 days. And we were knowing that inside of 30 days was declining, and the strong demand was just outside of 30 days. And so the demand is very strong, and it’s a matter of how many you let through the gate at what point in time. And we had, for example, wanted to go into month 3 to 4 points ahead. We’re tiling that up a little bit to be more like 5 to 6 points ahead, given that the combination of materialization rates, which has some impact on that, of course, but also where consumers are booking. I think those are just RM tactics that we’re using to adjust to this new demand set. And I don’t think that it indicates that there is any softness in core demand strength. So I think we feel really confident in the summer and what we have on the books and what we’re seeing real time in terms of demand. And so, I feel very good about that. Relating to industrial recession, we don’t really see that. As a matter of fact, if you look at Minneapolis and Detroit, they’re actually ahead. Now they’re the least restored of our hubs right now, particularly in Detroit is one tick below the rest of the system. But you’ve also had rationalization in competing hubs in the region. And so, they’re willing to say, okay, well, maybe some of the industrials. These hubs are not point-to-point like Boston or New York, they’re really the connecting flow within the U.S. So, there’s opportunity as we continue to restore those networks to put more flow on the network. Not 100% resilient -- reliant, of course, on Detroit, mostly relying on the flow traffic that flows over to Detroit. So I think what we’re seeing, we see strength in all of our core hubs. Our core hubs are less restored than our coastal gateways, and that’s one of the upsides that we have for the rest of the year as we move through the year. And they’re producing incredible returns and incredibly strong demand sets.
Glen Hauenstein: Domestic portion of international journey is right around 10% of domestic travel. So, it’s not that big of an impact. And last year was probably 7% or 8%, and this year is probably going to be 8% or 9%. So I wouldn’t say there’s significant changes in that. The summer, of course, is highly reliant on the local demand since we sit in very big local markets for our international marketplace, so New York and JFK being the largest in particular. And generally, if you can take locally, you prefer local because yields are higher. So -- and JFK is largely 80% local for international travel. So maybe let’s rely on Atlanta, of course, has more flow on it, but still a large local component.
Glen Hauenstein: Clearly, I think we talked a little bit about the two components. One was we had 1 point less of capacity, driven by some weather events and recovering from those weather events. The second is the fact that the lower materialization rates in the RM systems adapting to those that we couldn’t do it real time because you have to see if they’re stable before you adjust for them. So I think that’s what we’re looking at in the second quarter. And as we mentioned in the -- versus ‘19, we have positive momentum in 1Q to 2Q, both domestically and internationally. So, I think we’re feeling -- I know there’s a lot of anxiety about domestic demand for the summer, but we don’t share that anxiety.
Glen Hauenstein: Right. Our corporate travelers are telling us they expect that to continue to accelerate. The -- we are not counting that in our -- we’re counting a stable 85% revenue, 75% of traffic.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. It’s being driven by our desire to ensure that we have an industry-leading operational -- and what we saw in the March quarter was we had a little bit longer than we would like in recovering from weather events. So, we can -- as weather shortfalls were and they were primarily in the domestic narrowbodies that we want to ensure we have all the right resources behind them because we know we’ll have weather events in the summer as we always do. So, it was just a bit of a step back, not really by demand, but really by supply, our supply was a little bit more constrained than we had hoped. And that should provide us the ability to provide whatever level we want of capacity in the fall depending on how the global environment shapes up.
Glen Hauenstein: Sure. Technology is one of the least recovered. Financial services is actually showing some momentum, surprisingly. And so, I think as we think about our geographic pull, one of the things we’re excited about is New York was really not back last year. And of course, we have a lot of exposure to New York, and we’re seeing really good -- New York not only as an origin market improvement, but New York is a destination market improvements as well. So, that should bode well for us for the summer. And again, I think what’s really interesting is more of the forward lines between the yields of corporate and high-yield leisure that didn’t exist back pre-pandemic 5 years ago. And so where we’re not selling those premium seats to corporates, we are selling them at near corporate rates to high-end leisure customers, and that’s really providing a very nice insulation for us.
Glen Hauenstein: No, thanks for that question because I think it’s very important. I think when we outlined back in December, core restoration is one of the highlights of 2023 that is distinctive about Delta’s. What we didn’t say is when that occurred in ‘23 and kind of a mea culpa on that because in the first half of the year, that really wasn’t what happened. It starts right around now and it goes through the fall. So that should be really a key driver for us as we move through the back half of the year, both on cost and revenue.
Glen Hauenstein: I think we see the same reports that all everybody sees. I think Ed outlined very well that we think there is still remaining pent-up demand from the $300 billion that was not spent on airline travel during the pandemic. So, we’ll see how that plays out in the fall, and we have a lot of flexibility in terms of what we offer as we get out of the summer. What we’re saying today is we are confident through the summer. And then, we’ll take another look as we get closer to it, do we see any demand trends changing. I think what we hear from the marketplace, everybody is looking for those lines. We don’t see them right now. So we would tell you if we did. And if we do see them, we’ll make the adjustments that would be required for the fall.
Glen Hauenstein: Great question. Most of the business travel internationally is in the front cabin. So, I’d say 75% to 80% is in the front cabin. So, that’s fueling front cabin strength. I’d say all of our premium products in the long-haul international markets are doing incredibly well. This is really the first year we have premium economy at scale. About 85% of our flights long-haul now have -- that will be 100% by next year. But -- so we’re flying this for the first time with ubiquity in the international arena, and we’re seeing amazing results on the premium economy count at the Premium Select. So, very excited about the rebound in international travel, both leisure as well as business. Now, what was the second part of your question? I’m sorry.
Glen Hauenstein: We are seeing the length of trip change and Road Warriors are not staying one day, day trips are down. And that’s really what we’re trying to harness here as we move forward is normally, we would use AP, advanced purchase as one of the big key drivers for separating our business versus leisure. Now it’s really stay. And even with stay, it’s not as defined as it used to be. So, those are the fences we’re trying to rearrange how we think about our pricing systems and fencing. We don’t want to get too much into how we think about that. But clearly, AP is one that we’re leading out of.
Glen Hauenstein: We are -- 75% is about where we would expect to be at this point in time for international long haul. Domestic, we are within a couple of points where we would expect to be. It’s really the -- how much you want to take in advance. And when you think about 90 days, it’s not all 90 days. Inside of 30 days, we want to be ahead. So, that’s the difference. Second question, I’m sorry.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. It’s a mix difference. International is up significantly and domestic is relatively flat versus year-over-year.
Glen Hauenstein: I think, really, there’s two things I talk about in that realm. One I just want to mention, even though it wasn’t in the question was there’s two things we need to do better next year. One is harness the demand set better that is the new norm and post-pandemic world. And I think we’re getting that real time now, and we’ll make those adjustments. And so materialization rate is relatively easy to combat because it just relates to your overbooking model. So, if you were at 103% on average, and you have two extra points, you just go to 105 in terms of what your ability to take is. There’s a little bit of risk in that. And so we probably won’t go to 105 right away. We go to 104, see how that works, 4.5. [Ph] And that’s why you have to retrain yourself and see what the actual events happen. Because these are changing in relatively condensed time periods, we don’t want to overshoot and cause a disruption. So we’re going to be a little bit more careful on getting that real time. But the other piece is doing the whole network over better next year, right, is that we saw travel patterns of all that are very different than pre-pandemic and where people are flying. And so, as we get to -- one of the things that gives us real confidence about improving next year over this year is when we look at what we did in January, being able to do that better in terms of where we have our capacity placed. And that’s the part I think I’m really excited about is we now have the real post-pandemic travel patterns, which are very different in terms of cities that fly to in places they want to go. If you take New York to Florida, which has never been bigger, there’s a reason why, right, as people have decided that they can live in Florida and work in New York. And those are the things that we’re now incorporating into our analysis as we move forward and things I think we’re really excited about in the future.
Glen Hauenstein: I think there are two components of that. One is the accounts in force, and that is, of course, related to our ability to bring new customers in. And we have posted record acquisitions in the last year, and we just had another -- in the month of March, it was a record monthly acquisition for -- in the history of the cards. So, I’d say we see real strength in the brand, and that’s really what drives the acquisitions. People want to associate with Delta, and they want associate with the SkyMiles program because it does apply great value to those customers. So, put that in one side and then put them the actual spend on the accounts in force. And that, I think, is more of a fluctuation in the economy. We see that continuing to be strong as we sit here today. But that’s the piece I think that could shift up or down a little bit depending on how the economy rolls out in the second half of the year. But what we’re counting on is that being more than offset by our new acquisitions, accounts in force, and really, more and more premium customers. And I think that’s an exciting thing that we’ll talk about in June. So, stay tuned on details on that. We’ll -- go to give you some more details on how we see that evolving.
Glen Hauenstein: They’re buying all the way up to domestic first and Delta One on the long-haul international. So -- and this is a phenomenon that we’ve seen in making it more accessible. I think that’s really been part of our long-term journey that we’ve been talking about for many years. It is something we wanted to achieve is to make those products more accessible to people. And I think we’ve seen success through the pandemic and coming out of the pandemic, once we see high stickiness to those products. So once you start flying in those cabins, you tend not to go back.
Dan Janki: Thank you, Glen, and good morning to everyone. For the March quarter, we delivered earnings of $0.25 per share and a 4.6% operating margin in line with our guidance. Our nonfuel costs were 4.7% higher than the first quarter of 2022. It is including a 1-point impact from lower capacity, primarily due to winter storms. Fuel price for the quarter averaged $3.06 per gallon, this including a $0.25 benefit from our refinery, which continues to provide a unique hedge to fuel volatility. Our operating cash flow was $2.9 billion. That was the highest March quarter result in Delta’s history. After investing $1.1 billion back into the business, we generated $1.9 billion of free cash flow. Strong cash generation enabled $1.2 billion of debt reduction. This including accelerated debt repayment of $700 million with an average interest rate of 7%. Liquidity ended the quarter at $9.5 billion and adjusted net debt of $21 billion. Our leverage ratio improved from 5 times at year-end to 3.9 times at the end of March on a trailing 12-month basis. We now expect to complete our full year planned debt reduction in the first half of the year, and we’ll continue to evaluate opportunistic debt repayment. Over the last year, we accelerated more than $3 billion in debt reduction, targeting our highest cost debt and reducing our interest expense. Recognizing this progress we are making, S&P and Fitch both upgraded their outlook for our ratings. Returning to investment-grade metrics is a key priority. We remain focused on reducing net debt and achieving our targeted 2 to 3 times leverage ratio in 2024, while continuing to consistently reinvest in the business. Now, moving to guidance for the June quarter. On fuel, we expect our fuel price per gallon to be $2.55 to $2.80, including a $0.10 to $0.15 contribution from the refinery. While lower than that last year, I’d note that fuel prices remain volatile and are still approximately 30% higher than in 2019. On nonfuel, we expect unit cost to be 1% to 3% higher than prior year. For the first half, we expect to grow capacity 17%, approximately 2 points less than our initial expectations, with a similar 2-point impact expected on our unit cost. More than three months into the year, our absolute costs are tracking as expected. Higher labor rates are fully incorporated across the mainline and regionals. Inflation is stabilizing and we are in the final stages of our rebuild. By the end of June, aircraft reactivations will largely be complete and training is starting to step down with a third of our pilots moving into production. As I outlined on our call in January, core maintenance is higher year-over-year in the first half of the year. We expect it to decline in the second half, resulting in a 5-point year-over-year progression in our unit cost from the beginning of the year to the end. Secondly, achieving scale while restoring efficiency are Delta’s largest CASM levers. The pace of capacity restoration remains the primary level. In summary, we are confident in our year-over-year decline in the second half and expect a 10-point improvement in our unit cost progression as we progress through the year. Running the most reliable operation in the industry is key to delivering a competitive cost structure and underpins our industry-leading margins. Combined with our outlook for revenue, we expect the June quarter operating margin to be 14% to 16% and earnings to be between $2 and $2.25 per share. With a quarter behind us and the visibility we have in the summer, we have higher confidence in our full year guidance for significant improvement in earnings and free cash flow. We are reaffirming our full year guidance for operating margins of 10% to 12%, earnings of $5 to $6 per share and more than $2 billion of free cash flow. And we remain on track to earn over $7 per share in 2024 with more than $4 billion of free cash flow. So in closing, I’d like to thank the Delta people for the elevated service they provide to our customers every day. Our people will always be the delta difference. Now with that, I’d like to turn it back to Julie for Q&A.
Dan Janki: We’re just deeper into the restoration. And I think as we’ve gotten deeper in, we continue to have better visibility to that. We have all the labor dialed in as we’ve talked about, you’re seeing stabilization in the regionals. That was 1 that we chased last year. As it relates to third-party suppliers, the peak of contract inquiries and repricing was heavy in fourth quarter of ‘21 begin in the first half of ‘22. And if you look at those requests, coming in, they’ve dropped up meaningfully for that. So, I think you’re starting to see that stabilization in the inflation component of third-party and coming in very in line with what we expected from that perspective. So just better visibility. I think we’re deeper into the restoration. So operationally, arms on it related to that. So, our absolute cost visibility is good at this point in time. Certainly, the unit cost metric, as we’ve talked about, is impacted by the ultimate capacity that we fly.
Dan Janki: Yes. We -- sure, Conor. We had the 2-point impact on capacity. That had a 2-point impact on unit cost. We’re still sitting here in April. So, we have a lot of the year to play out as it relates to capacity. And as we progress through the year and set that that will ultimately determine it. If you went through the year and you made that up, you pick that up. If not, it would have a corresponding impact on unit cost as you progress. But as we talked about on the point with Savi is our visibility to absolute cost is clear and better than it’s been in the restoration. And as you go through the back half, you get that inflection point, the points that we’ve talked about with core maintenance stepping down from being a headwind to a 2- to 3-point benefit. And as Glen talked about with the restoration of the hubs you start to pick up scale and efficiency associated with that. And the rebuild steps down. So that gives us confidence in the progression ultimately will be where on a unit basis, where do you fall out as it relates to capacity impact that has. But as you know here, we’re focused on running a great operation and the alignment is to the primary financial outcomes, which is margins, earnings and cash.
Dan Janki: Yes. That’s right. You think about the 10-point progression from beginning to end, and that would be down mid-single digits from that perspective. The maintenance is the 5 points -- 4 to 5 points related to first half being up to back half being down. The other drivers there is rebuild, those transition rebuild costs. We incur about 80%, 85% of them in the first half of the year, really aircraft reactivations, it’s training, it’s hiring components. Those step down and I mentioned that in the prepared remarks, pilots being one and the crews being one of them. We’re putting 600 pilots into production. So, it’s really the first time over the last 18 months that are actually -- school house will step down here during the second quarter. And then the other components are the efficiency, scale and efficiency that starts to step in as you get the core rebuild, about 5 points of aircraft utilization, and we just get a better use of our facilities and our people as we progress through the back half.
Dan Janki: Yes, let me -- a few things. One, I think the level of it is what gives us confidence in the second quarter and the second quarter revenue and revenue through this summer, the strength that we’re seeing both internationally and domestic. You get the benefit of the people more comfortable booking longer elongation of the curve. You certainly have fares that are up. But I also think with the policies that we’ve taken during this period of time being customer-focused, customer-friendly, people have gotten comfortable with no change fees and booking out, and that’s driven the elongation of the curve. And we’ve seen the behavior within that to be very consistent in regards to how it’s been performing. So yes, it’s a step up, but I think it’s a sign of strength, and in regards to the customers feeling comfortable with the policies and changes that we’ve made.
Dan Janki: The teams have -- well, we spent a lot of time in regards to just ensuring that we have the right resources in the right places with the right level of training. So, a lot of effort’s gone into this over the past, month after month after month across the operating teams, everything from the crew activity and ensuring that we’re aligned network to crewing all the way down into tech operations in regards to the staffing that we have in place as it relates to line maintenance, they’re continuing to focus on turnaround time regarding aircraft out of service and the associated items. So, we continue to be ensuring that we’re putting those types of capabilities, buffers in place for the readiness and then the proactive actions that we talked about with adjusting June capacity based on -- Glen mentioned it, the resiliency and the ability to recover from storms. We know that they will happen in the summer, and we’re targeting that around areas that we want to ensure that we have deeper resilience around, and the teams are focused on that.
Dan Janki: Free cash flow, the -- as we mentioned in December and on first quarter, the one-time ratification payment that was made was not a special item. You see it this quarter, it’s not in the free cash flow. And certainly, going back to the ATL, the cash performance in total, as it relates to the operating cash and where we are in free cash flow gives us confidence in being greater than $2 billion for the year -- first quarter and through the half. Thank you.
Dan Janki: When you -- when -- yes, there’s a lot of different benchmarks used, and you certainly look at this at every operating group. And things have changed. We used 2019 as a benchmark as a way marker, but I don’t know that, that’s always your operations changed how the teams execute has changed. But it’s an anchoring point that we use and we look at our operating groups, each of those by where they were, what’s changed, how are they tracking to those levels. And we certainly have by group metrics, and we know where we’re at. But when you look at the total, when you bring it back up and you think about what’s in our run rate, take out the rebuild component, but just around efficiency, there’s 2 to 3 points, 4 points of opportunity in there as it relates to us getting better as we move forward through the back half of the year into next year. And those are all going to move at different paces in regards to it. The one that’s going to be, for instance, probably the slowest here will be around regionals and the regional flying that we do. We know we’re -- elevated levels were underutilized by almost 30% as it relates to the aircraft and capability, and that one will cure over the ‘24 period and in into ‘25. And then other ones will have a different pace associated with it.
Ed Bastian: Duane, one thing I’d add to that is that you’re seeing corporately a pretty significant push to get workers back in the office. And we have seen a high correlation between the opening of offices with the return of corporate travel, principally with consultancies, advisers, people being available to take meetings. And so, that underlies the strength. And I think you’re going to continue to see that over the course of the year is going to be, I think, a good tailwind for us on the corporate revenue front.
Ed Bastian: Well, I don’t know what you’re inferring on the second half guide. We really haven’t given a second half guide. I think you’re just backing into the overall -- we haven’t updated our full year. I think it’s too early in the year to give an updated ‘23 guide, but if you look at our ‘24 guide, it’s to get to north of $7 a share. And that’s the trajectory we’re on. And to -- one comment I made, which I haven’t heard anyone pick up on, for the second quarter forecast we are forecasting to be already at $2 billion of operating profit, which is the same amount that we were at the second quarter of ‘19. It’s quite a statement in terms of how the recovery is going and you consider that at a much higher fuel price, it’s at much higher labor rates, and it’s also with the system not restored. So, I think all of that gives you continued opportunities. We’re looking to take the nonfuel CASM down in the back half of the year, which is going to be a meaningful tailwind for us. We don’t see revenue declines in terms of demand strength. I know everyone has their own point of view on that, and we don’t have a great crystal ball beyond the next four or five months. But from what we’re hearing from our travelers, what we’re hearing from the market, what we’re hearing from agencies, this is a very different recovery trajectory than other consumer businesses are experiencing.
Ed Bastian: If I could add to Dan’s comments, one major thing in addition is that our team has another year under their belt of experience. We have a very young team out there and leaders as well as frontline employees and getting through another year gives you a lot more confidence in terms of what we’re seeing. Secondly, we are pretty much through the hiring. We’ve been still higher, but the hiring rates that we’re at now are just normal hiring rates for normal attrition, not the massive bulge that we needed to go through to restore the business. And so not only are we able to reduce the focus on getting out and hiring people we can take the people that have been doing the training and put them back in the business because our employees train and we have some of the very best employees that do the training. So getting them back focused into the business for the summer will also be a very nice benefit as we go through this. But there’s a list of 50 steps and 50 things that we’re doing that we review in great detail. And we’re confident it’s going to be a very, very strong operational summer for Delta customers.
Ed Bastian: Helane, couple of added points. We mentioned in past calls, the amount of incremental training that we’re doing is in the hundreds of millions of dollars a year. Obviously, a lot of that’s going to dissipate, now that we get into a more normalized pattern. We’re going to get the employees not just the cost of the training, but the instructors are doing the training back into the operation and providing that leadership. The other thing is that, as Glen mentioned, the network is continuing to evolve. And what we’ve seen is the staffing has been a bit lumpy during this recovery from the pandemic and getting your employees and your shifts to the schedule and understanding what the schedule looks like. There’s a lot of opportunity in there at the airport level and efficiency across the board. So, I think efficiency is certainly a big part of the reason why we expect in the second half of this year to bend the trajectory on nonfuel CASM and start taking it down relative to prior year versus the continued upward push we’ve been seeing.
Ed Bastian: Hi Ali, it’s Ed. We talked about this several weeks ago around the time of the summit that the FAA convened. We thought it was a very positive step to bring all the stakeholders together to talk about what we’re seeing and what we can do to continue to improve upon the very best safety aviation system in the world. Yes, there’s no question that we’ve had some additional incidents than you would see that are a bit out of the norm in terms of timing. Fortunately, the safety systems caught those incidents, but we’ve got to be vigilant at all times and continue to find ways to get better in that environment. So, nothing that gives us pause. It is, by far, the safest form of travel period -- of any form of travel. But we want to make certain the stakeholders are all focused as this industry works through, the infrastructure rebuild that FAA is seeing as well as the airlines are seeing.
Ed Bastian: There’s no evidence that that is necessarily the case. Listen, we have the world’s foremost safety management systems and risk mitigation focus in the aviation community. And we knew that we have younger people. And so, we get out ahead of that. We don’t wait for something to happen. We are on the front end of that with training and added procedures, added buffers, added focus in the operations. So no, I would not lay it necessarily at the hands of experience.
Ed Bastian: We said on the call that we’re getting into our normal staffing ranges and the amount of churn and turnover we’re seeing both on the third-party support staff as well as the added staffing we’ve hired is starting to get in a pretty good place. So no, I don’t -- again, there’s always a one-off pocket where you have some unique pressure. But on balance, no, that’s not a problem.
