Jill Sullivan Greer: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our September quarter call. Speaking on the call from Atlanta today are Delta's CEO, Richard Anderson; our President, Ed Bastian; and our CFO, Paul Jacobson. We have the entire leadership team here with us for the Q&A. Richard will open the call, Ed will then address our financial and revenue performance, and Paul will conclude with a review of our cost performance and cash flow. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted. You can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, I'll turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Richard Anderson.
Jill Sullivan Greer: Thanks Richard, Ed, and Paul. And with that, Melody, we're ready for Q&A with the analysts, so if you could give them instructions on how to get into the queue.
Jill Sullivan Greer: That's going to conclude the analyst portion of the phone call. Before I turn it over to Kevin and the corp comm team just to have everybody save the date for December 17 for our Annual Investor Day and with that I will turn it over for the media unit.
Ed Bastian: Andrew we will provide more detail at our Investor Day in December on 2016 plans, obviously the shape of 2016 is following what you're seeing in the fourth quarter with domestic up in line with general economic growth in the U.S. and international down in the areas with the greatest FX and demand weakness.
Ed Bastian: That's very preliminary, Darryl. Yes we really haven't got it and made the final revisions to Q1 or for that matter any part of '16. And I just want to let you know; traditionally we've reduced the schedule as we get closer in.
Ed Bastian: We had signed agreement with Boeing and when the TA was rejected we had the right to terminate it and then we terminated it and all the deposits were returned to Delta. And so you have to ask Boeing about what the status of those airplanes are.
Ed Bastian: Hi, Julie, it's, Ed. Yes, it's still relatively restricted. I would -- the commentary from the second quarter is consistent with the third quarter but it's still largely restricted yes.
Ed Bastian: Hi, Mike, it's Ed. On Virgin, the Q3 results they had were fairly comparable to what they had a year ago, little bit better. They had some fairly large fuel hedging losses, so they haven't gotten as much of the pass-through on the lower fuel savings. But we expect that's going to get increasingly better next year. And the answer to your second question is no, we treat the China Eastern and GOL and Aeromexico investments still on the cost method. So we don't take the share profit or loss in the quarter.
Ed Bastian: Savi, it's Ed. I wouldn't try to draw any correlations to the fuel hedge. The two-thirds we're looking at was really the current quarter the September quarter we did. We had modest hedge losses. It wasn't material and compared to the first two quarters anyway. And you also have to take into account that two-thirds is a bit of a macro estimate, it's much higher on the domestic, I think domestic we were probably capturing 80% to 90% of the fuel savings. But internationally because of the currency weakness as well as demand weakness that's limiting our ability to capture as much as the fuel. So in total it's about two-thirds but very high domestically which is where we're growing and it's weaker internationally which is where we're shrinking.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, we do Andrew, I think the capacity is going to put a little bit pressure on unit costs but given the productivity goals that we have and the continued benefits of the leverage that we're driving in the operation we feel good about our ability to hit that goal for the year.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, that's how we look at it. We'll have some geography changes in 2016. We'll highlight all that in Investor Day.
Paul Jacobson: Go back to what we have talked about in May when we laid out our long-term plan, we anticipate that we will have some cash taxes until 2017 at our current trajectory but wouldn't become a full payer until 2018. That's consistent and you've got to be careful with the differences between GAAP and tax accounting for big areas like depreciation on fleet et cetera.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, good morning, Duane thanks for the question. As we talked about we are only about 5% hedged for 2016. We obviously have taken this environment and been very cautious and slow about it as we look into to the year. We said in our prepared remarks that we got about $250 million of losses in the fourth quarter but about 70% to 80% downside participation all the way down to $40 a barrel in Brent. So as we go into 2016 obviously we have a tailwind behind us on fuel price because of the hedge losses in the first half of this year. But we're pretty cautious on where we go given the forward curve and the option premiums that you have to spend and put hedges on right now.
Richard Anderson: There's a little bit less than 1 point of domestic itineraries that are related to the international O&D.
Richard Anderson: Of the 3 points a little less than 1 point is international operational itinerary that's related to the FX change.
Richard Anderson: But then on top of that Julie, we have 757s retiring. So we have a significant number of 757, 200s that are leaving the fleet.
Richard Anderson: You know, Helane, let me go at it from a macro perspective which is we have record margins in all of our hubs in the U.S. and virtually every part of the domestic business is performing at new record levels or at above record levels and that includes Seattle and LA and New York and Minneapolis and Detroit and Cincinnati and Salt Lake and Atlanta. And on top of that the focus city flying we do in places like Raleigh-Durham and Indianapolis is performing extraordinarily well. I think what the marketplace misses is that we are able to keep, if just look at the revenue picture at Delta, our revenue is relatively flat year-to-year and we're putting two-thirds of the fuel savings on the bottom line for the owners. And our focus is to manage the business for margin and cash flow. And we have a lot of leverage to do that. A fantastic product that no one in the industry can match, happy employees that are working very hard to be the best in the industry, a smart revenue management team, a very smart network planning team, the lowest capital cost in the industry on the fleet, and the maximum flexibility to manage our capacity to move back to positive RASM.
Richard Anderson: Well actually our market cap does reflect it and our stock price does reflect it against the industry. I think our next closest domestic peer has a market cap it's $10 billion lower. And when you look at where the P -- the forward P is where our opportunity is, is to continue to derisk the balance sheet, derisk our business model, have the best employee relations in the industry, investment grade balance sheet, and continue to move our P/E up to match our performance versus the S&P Industrials and we're going to quietly continue to do that.
Richard Anderson: Let Mike -- let me -- we're going to update at Investor Day on our tax rate going forward in 2016 and this is another differentiator for Delta that goes back to our international focus and our minority investments, equity investments around the world in our joint venture strategies. We can have an advantage tax position versus our domestic competitors and we're going to update that at our Investor Day in December.
Richard Anderson: Look, I mean, we stay focused on margin and margin expansion and free cash flow we have many levers to drive those factors in our -- or those outcomes in our business. One of the things that we're fortunate at Delta in addition to having the most reliable fleet when we only cancelled 18 flights in the month of September tells you a lot about the fleet that we operate at the same time that we have a lot of paid-for airplanes. And the lever that we have in the business is that paid-for airplane if you decide to put 757 down it also becomes a parts depot for the rest of the fleet. So you not only have a good lever from the standpoint managing capacity it's also a non-fuel CASM play.
Richard Anderson: We have plenty of those -- we have optionality, we like optionality across our business. And so we view our fleet the same way as they're optional, many of those assets are optional assets.
Richard Anderson: I think the thing that people don't have a full appreciation for just how rapidly we adjust to markets. And if you even just think out about 2015 and what we said we were going to do in December of '14, in fourth quarter 2015, situations change, currencies got weak in Brazil, currency got weak in Japan, fuel surcharges ran off, sanctions in Russia, and we've responded very quickly. And that's the wonderful thing about what these assets are. If you own a hotel in Manhattan and something doesn't go well in Manhattan and you can't move the hotel? Right. But we can take our frequencies in Venezuela down to one a week and we could take Russia down to one a week and you don't see all those moves, but the reason why we have ever expanding margins is at some point the Street just needs to understand that we're going to continue to manage the business to drive margin and free cash flow and we have a lot of leverage to do that.
Richard Anderson: No, you shouldn't be -- we're not going to comment specifically on the litigation but you shouldn't be concerned about that. We just like our partners to keep their deals.
Richard Anderson: Well first our relationship with Air France-KLM couldn't be better. Our combined margins in the Transatlantic couldn't be better in terms of the cut we're setting all time contribution margins in that joint venture. And it's by far the model of joint ventures in the world. We don't, as Glen said earlier, we're not commenting yet other than zero to two on our network and we're still building our business plan, we will give more color about what our forward capacity is. But in terms of our relationship with Air France-KLM I mean we're tightly synced in our operations, capacity planning, and distribution.
Richard Anderson: Yes, I'd be glad to. Well we're seeing a huge bubble in excess wide-body airplanes around the world and we've been approached by more than one party. I mean the market appears to be the 777-200s about 9 to 10 years old the price is about $10 million. And on A330-200 the lease rate is about a fifth of what it would be new. So we do think that the aircraft market is going to be right for Delta and over the course of the next 12 to 36 months and we think that that weakness in that aircraft bubble in wide-bodies is going to spread to narrow-bodies and that there will be some huge buying opportunities because low interest rates really have created a huge wide-body bubble in the world. Singapore Airlines, I think has 70 of these airplanes that are coming off lease or being retired that are 8 to 10 years old.
Richard Anderson: There's no deal on the works we just -- it's a relatively small market in the world right there is not many people in the world that can take a dozen 777s, right, there's a handful of customers. It's a very small market, it's a very transparent market, and we get calls all the time. There is no deal. Prices are going to get lower; you wouldn't strike a deal now.
Richard Anderson: The slots that we have leased previously for a number of years for Air France-KLM that we're just turning that we're purchasing instead of leasing. We will have more flexibility to slot them around with our partners at Virgin Atlantic.
Richard Anderson: No. If Love Field is such an anomaly if you just step back and think about it, the city of Dallas is -- will be the first time in modern aviation that an airport and interstate commerce where the operators trying to evict and interstate commerce operator. I think it’s actually the opposite and it won't have any effect.
Richard Anderson: And we still have administrative actions in front of the Federal Aviation Administration to revoke AIP grants in the PFCs they collect.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes, Jamie, as a rule we don't talk about the industry we talk about Delta. So I'll talk --what that is.
Glen Hauenstein: I think Ed highlighted in his comments that we see demand as strong and we see even business itinerary demand as strong, so closed end short stay travel and corporate contracted travel are all at record levels but we are not obtaining the yields that we had in the past. And I'll just leave it at that.
Glen Hauenstein: Combination of all of those. Some are being retired, some are getting lower utilization and some are moving into the domestic market place. For example, as United exits the JFK-LA and JFK San Francisco market, we are moving a couple of our wide bodies into fill out patterns in those key markets that are the largest markets in the United States.
Glen Hauenstein: Well we have the currency headwinds which will as forward curves go from about $700 million this year to about $150 million next year. And then, as fuel stabilizes, we will of course attempt to raise fares as we always do but that will depend on what the market is and that's based on individual market performance. So we see strong demand, we see strong demand through the winter and into the spring already, and our load factors are running ahead in every entity including domestic throughout rest of the year. So hopefully who knows what's going to happen in the future but it looks like it's shaping up to be pretty good year in '16.
Glen Hauenstein: We're not going to break that out, David. We never do but you see that the trends that we've seen this year and you probably can draw your own conclusions.
Glen Hauenstein: I think it's early to comment on the intricacies of what 2016 turns out to be and I think what Richard pointed to earlier is the flexibility that this company has to respond to market demands as they evolve. And so I think we will give more color as what we think in December as we get to our Investor Day Conference. But we are always moving airplanes around or grounding them or whatever it takes to achieve our margin expansion that we need to. And while we like to say we have a full vision as to what next year's economy is going to be we don't. And so what we can say is we think it's 0 to 2 for next year as we sit down today and we will make those adjustments as we get closer into it capitalize on where we see opportunities.
