Gary Chase: So Helane, first about the entities a little bit. We're seeing a U.S. based demand recovery to the open countries in the Transatlantic, and we expect our loads to move to be close to historical levels running probably in the low to mid-80s by the August, September, October period. Again, the 212f restricts Europeans from coming to this country. So I think we focused on those countries that generally have high U.S. outbound demand. And as we move forward, we will be adding a little bit of capacity but essentially keeping our levels flat where we would normally pull down in the September October time frame and focusing on our European hubs and distributing traffic through them. So I'm pretty optimistic about how the results could play out in the Transatlantic and that's really -- we have 35% to 40% of our travel still missing with the European origin piece not open for sale, and with business really not recovering at the same level as leisure. So pretty optimistic about where we can get to on this leg but there's a lot more to come in the Transatlantic.  In Latin, it's really the tale of two markets. One is the closing U.S. point of origin leisure market as well as Mexico business. Both of these are actually exceeding 2019 levels. So short haul Latin is doing quite well and we continue to expect that to be very, very strong as we move into the more traditional leisure season in the late fall. And then the Pacific, which I think Ed has talked in the past, we expect this to be the laggard due to low vaccination rates and continuing outbreaks over and restrictions in the Pacific, and we really don't see any impetus for that to be lifted. Now, I think we're looking at 2022 at the earliest, probably significant recovery in the Pacific.  So, Atlantic clearly the furthest along, that's great for us because 65% of our international revenues are in the Transatlantic. So we're excited about what we see in terms of U.S. demand there. Domestically post Labor Day, this is every month that we look from August to September and October, clearly as you move out, you have fewer and fewer bookings. But we have about a third of our September bookings on the books now. And we have as it sits today, and we expect to give some of this back, but we have positive yield in every one of the entities. We have sequential improvements in RASM [ph]. So I think we're seeing very strong indications of demand through the post Labor Day period. Of course, those are initial indications. We have a long way to go as we move closer and closer to those departure dates.
Gary Chase: No Hunter, that's not what I was saying. What I'm saying is that the fleet actions we've taken give us the potential to add seven points to our capacity profile by 23. But I was also noting the flexibility that we continue to have with some of the flex fleets to go up or down. And I think the teams have positioned us really well to react to what comes at us in terms of the demand environment. 
Gary Chase: Yeah, Jamie obviously, there's still a lot of uncertainty around that in our thinking right now and that's embedded in how we're thinking about net debt is for a slight decline in that, but we don't expect that you're going to see the normal seasonal pattern as we move through the remainder of this year for all the reasons you just highlighted. 
Gary Chase: Yeah, I'm not sure I would characterize it exactly that way. But it is about having more scale relative to 2019. So, sequentially I think that what you outlined is roughly accurate and that is what we expect. As we go into 2022, your question was about the sustainability of the rebuild. 
Gary Chase: Yeah, Joe we'll talk more about that and what our long term capital needs will be in December with you. What I was pointing out was the portfolio decisions that we've made gives us seven points of additional capacity that we can bring in that timeframe. And, just continue to point out that the team has positioned us with a tremendous amount of flexibility to go either up or down, depending on how we see the demand environment. But we'll have more color on that with a bigger picture about how some of the other components play into it as well. 
Gary Chase: Thanks Andrew, we don't preannounce what we're doing on our labor strategy and cost. And obviously, our people are working really hard and delivering great value. We're still losing money. We need to get the company stabilized first before we start talking about wage increases.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, we talked about the major drivers. The key is really leveraging the continued build on the network. And as I was describing in prepared remarks, generally, when we move from the third into the fourth quarter, we have a pretty big reduction in our activity levels. This year we expect that to be relatively flat. That gives us the opportunity to leverage the things that I was describing to get some good incremental leverage on our people, some good incremental leverage on our asset utilization, and it's just a natural outcome of the way the capacity progression is moving. In terms of how we see the bigger pieces, they don't change that much between the third and the fourth quarter. We expect that rebuild expenses will still be at elevated levels in that five to six-point range in both quarters. And one of the things I mentioned on the last call, from a mixed point of view, both the second and third quarters, we've got about a five-point drag from not having anywhere near as much of our long haul international flying, which is just structurally very low CASM, long stage length flying. As we move into the fourth quarter, it's still a headwind. It's not quite as much. It's about three points. So that's the color that I would add.
Glen Hauenstein: I think domestically we see redistribution towards domestic from long haul international. That's a natural occurrence. I think people are ready to get out. The exact quantification I think would be difficult. But we do see that if those leisure destinations are open, there's significant demand for that and that includes the transatlantic where it is open. And if you think about running load factors in the mid to high 80s in the shoulder season, as we head to the end of the summer here just on U.S. origin travel, pretty strong demand trends that we're seeing. So if it is open people would want to get there. 
Glen Hauenstein: Good morning Steve, I don't. As we've been monitoring our bookings and clearly we're mindful of the risks around COVID and the new variants and the continued information that the CDC provides us with, we have not seen any reduction or drop in demand, looking out over the next 60 to 90 days, which is about as far as our crystal ball can go right now. We know our customers are largely vaccinated. Our people are largely vaccinated, we have over 72% of Delta people are vaccinated and the vaccines work. And they are giving people the ability to get back to their lives. So no, we do not anticipate any changes at this time.
Glen Hauenstein: Myles, if I could speak to that for a second, we at Delta our number one task is to safely get our business to back up with the service levels that our customers deserve and expect at Delta. And given the huge surge in demand that we've seen over the last 90 days, the entire industry is challenged with that. That's not a unique Delta position. And we're going to do everything we can to get ahead of it and that includes staffing levels, providing whatever support we need to the service providers and service contractors, training, maintenance, because we realize that this is about protecting our brand and our long term customer base rather than trying to manage costs for an individual quarter. We will hit the cost targets that we mentioned to you. One of the things that we learned a lot about Delta over the pandemic is our ability to manage down labor cost is really unique in this industry. And we have a whole lot more, many more tools and flexibility, I think, than we ever really appreciated. And so we shouldn't think about labor, which is the biggest part -- a big part of the rebuild cost, as a fixed costs, that's not going to stay. So the productivity, the efficiency, the ability to work closely with our people, we'll be in really good shape on the class run next year. And we'll protected our customers experience at the same time and the revenue base, which is the most important.
Glen Hauenstein: Sure. Well, I first like to say we're proud that we started the decommoditization process many, many years back and we're well along. And I think we're objectively maybe the furthest along in terms of exploiting that opportunity. There's probably more space out there for other carriers, given the appetite we've seen for these products that have been sustained through the pandemic. So I'm not going to articulate on anybody else's plan. But we think that there's continued growth in our fleet evolution, as we continue to update the airline over the next several years, our percentage of seats that are in the premium cabins continues to increase. And we think given the fact that we are still in the early stages of being able to distribute those products and services, to all of our customers through all of our channels, that there's plenty of opportunity for us to continue to grow that space in the next years, next several years.
Glen Hauenstein: Yeah, those are passengers and yields on domestic leisure are up. Yields on domestic corporate are down, but we see trajectory in domestic corporate and we expect that, as you say to continue as we move forward.
Glen Hauenstein: Yeah well, I think that's something you'll have to come to our December. See I don't think we're ready to disclose the exact date yet but it suffices to say that we're feeling much better about making up some ground that we lost during the pandemic today than we sat six or nine months ago.
Glen Hauenstein: Chris, on an underlying basis we still have and are experiencing a lot of leverage, even as we move into the third quarter. That will be the case for a good bit here. The guidance we have in the third quarter, we're still operating 28% to 30%, below where we were in 2019. So there are parts of the system where we were under pressure as Ed described, and we're absolutely meeting the needs there. But there are also lots of opportunities for us to drive that leverage. Some of what you're seeing in terms of the moving pieces are at least I think unrelated to that. A big cost pressure as we've moved from the second to the third quarter, at least a couple points which is selling related expense, so obviously thrilled to be seen. And it's just a function of the demand recovery that we're experiencing. Normally when we're in a typical year, we work very hard to not be maintaining aircraft during the peak summer months for obvious reasons, we want them flying and generating contributions. This year we've got a maintenance step up as we move from the second to the third quarter. In fact, I think when you look at third quarter maintenance, it'll be comparable to if not even slightly ahead of where we were in 2019 instead of the down 30ish% that you've been seeing over the last few quarters. So, it's a year with a lot of unique features in terms of how they play out on the cost side, but the fundamental leverage that we've been describing is there.
Glen Hauenstein: Tracy, we don't have any -- anything any news. In that regard we continue to operate, train or the team does a very nice job there. We have said in the past that there are opportunities to pull another strategic partner in, we'd be open to that. Relative to the question around RINs, we are fully accrued. So I know there's been some discussion in the press about whether we pulled away from acquiring RINs, we just know the pricing of RINs is not a market based price at the present time. And we're not going to spend good cash chasing a fairly marketplace that isn't transparent. So we've accrued the costs but we have time to decide as we settle those obligations over the next couple of years.
Ed Bastian: Well, thanks, Connor. It's a very important segment for us, and we have one, as I think, you know, business travel news, Airline of the Year for 10 straight years and we expect to hopefully win it again this fall as well. Our team does a magnificent job of servicing the accounts, providing the technology, the access, the insights to make their job, travel on Delta as easy as possible. And that's supplemented by the great product and service that our people put forward every single day. We're the leading operational airline in the industry. So when you marry up the investments we've been making, particularly in the premium product sector, which our corporates are a main consumer of, with the great service ourselves and commercial team provide and the product and operational integrity of the business, it's a very, very strong moat. We have gained share over the pandemic, meaningful amount of share that we have gained. And the one thing that we have seen is when customers come to Delta, they don't leave. And so we're going to continue to expand upon that.
Ed Bastian: Good morning Hunter, I would like to ask you first you're sitting on a rocking chair estimate or no. 
Ed Bastian: I will rock back in my chair as I answer to you. That's good. Deleveraging is important to us. It's something that, first of all, we're the same team that's been here for over the last 15 years. We believe in derisking our balance sheet and our then paying down debt. And we also know that we can do that while also driving a premium product and service offering in the markets that we see as being critical to Delta. We were able to do both those things over the last decade and we'll continue to do that. The level of debt that we took on over the pandemic, candidly, it's a meaningful amount but it's not an overwhelming amount. It was about $8 billion of net debt that we took on during the pandemic. And when you think about, as Gary mentioned, we're basically done funding our pension plan with no more pension contributions required. As I think you also know that we've been averaging over the last several years, close to $3 billion, $2 billion to $3 billion a year in stock repurchases, which clearly we won't be doing in the next two to three years until we get our investment grade metrics back. And another billion on top of that of dividend distributions that we've been making. There's a substantial amount of free cash that is available to us as we reclaim investment grade for Delta. And we'll be sharing our longer term metrics at the Investor Day in December and showing you the path forward. But we can do all this and have plenty of headroom to compete hard and effectively in the marketplace. 
Ed Bastian: Thanks Myles. As you can appreciate every one of the proposed manufacturers has been after Delta. We've heard from many of them. We're studying this space and we will continue to get good smartness space. I think it's at a very, very early stage right now and I think a lot of the plans that we see are a bit premature, candidly. But it's not anything that we are unaware of and I guarantee every one of those manufacturers would love to have Delta colors on their plane. So hard to predict timing but we're in the marketplace having lots of conversations.
Ed Bastian: Yeah, we definitely expect those to moderate. A lot of that is going to depend candidly on how the demand environment develops. What I would say is, what we've articulated is driving to levels below 19. We're not excluding rebuild expenses. This year they happen to be particularly high. As we get into 2022 we expect those to be more normal, and it's part of the thought process on what we've got to accomplish. 
Ed Bastian: Yeah, I would -- Mike, this is Ed. Mind if I chime in. I would say that we are thrilled with the relationship with American Express. Our team, their team, I was with Steve Squery [ph] last Friday, and I think we had the best performing card in the entire portfolio. Delta, even though we're the highest value that we create, I think we're also the best performing on top of that. So in terms of growth. So it's really been a great, great relationship and that's still without a lot of travel spend that's missing, international and business yet from the card. So we're excited.
Ed Bastian: Mike, this is Ed, let me chime in on that one too. Because I've got the numbers right here in front of me. We've done our own survey, talking to our clients, the biggest the biggest companies in the world, and a very large number of them, and I couldn't make heads or tails out of what the GBTA was speaking to either. Let me give you the most recent survey and this is as of last week updated. 36% of our big corporates expect they're going to return fully to pre COVID levels no later than next year 2022 is 36%. Another 21% says fully back no later than 2023. Interestingly, only 5% of our of our big corporates say that we never returned to pre-COVID levels. 5% that had been 8% in previous surveys, it's now down 5%. While 38% indicate it's still unclear as to what their levels, not that they're not getting back, it's just the level of flying and the timing is still somewhat uncertain, which is understandable. So if you take the 2022-2023, that's 57% no later than 2023. And you assume, say 75% of those unknowns, the 43%, if you actually did 90% back over the course of the next couple of years. And frankly, I think it's going to be even better than that. So this is one of the things that as we have seen there's enormous pent up energy and demand for travel. Also in that survey, 93% of our customers said they're going to increase travel in Q3 over Q2 and many of those by meaningful amounts. So I think the surge is coming. And just as we've seen it on the consumer side, we're getting ready for it on the business side. And once you open businesses, offices, and you get international markets opened, I think it's going to be a very good run over the next 12 to 24 months. 
Ed Bastian: Well, thanks Duane. We do have a great Board, I agree with that, and there is a lot of good insight we garner from that Board. This is largely the same Board that's been with us over the last decade. It was the Board that was involved in and how we delevered coming out of the financial crisis in 2009. How we've the lead the industry in getting back to investment grade metrics over five years ago while delivering a premium product and service level and expanding internationally at a rate probably faster than anyone, particularly with the investments that we've made. So the Board knows the strategy that we're on, we've talked a lot at the Board level about needing to get our debt down of the balance sheet to get those investment grade metrics back. We'll give you some very specific guideposts on that when we have our capital markets day in December, so you know what to expect from us. And at the same time, we're also investing meaningfully into the business with opportunistic purchase of Airbus 350s and 737-900 that are current vintage, they'll plug and play. And we'll continue to be able to grow the business accordingly. So the strategy actually is not that different from where we've been. And I think it's going to -- we're going to stay very focused to get the investment grade back and growing the business at the same time. 
Ed Bastian: No, I don't know if it's the most profitable. I hope we are. You'd have to ask Steve that. But what I can tell you is it creates the highest overall level of spend and growth in the portfolio. And it's been that way for some time and it continues, and we both continue to invest to keep it that way. 
Ed Bastian: I really don't. Well, we'll study. We'll talk to the administration and Department of Transportation and Secretary [indiscernible] and many individuals about it. We have a long history of driving great value for customers. It's expensive to drive great value, and we're making the investments to drive great value. There's no question when you think about the level of service, the quality of service, the reliability, the affordability, everything's moving in the right direction. So we're thrilled to be able to show them the actual results of what we're doing.
Ed Bastian: We are not. The Delta brand is a very strong hiring brand. We're having great success. The challenge as I mentioned on the call is the training, the time it takes to get people in position, whether it's on the phones in reservations or in the airports. It takes a few months and the demand has come back in such a fast clip. It's taken us all a little bit of time to catch our breath. But we'll be fully back over the next couple of months and providing -- we've been providing great service, but the service levels that customers should expect and deserve you'll be getting back from Delta in the next couple of months. 
Ed Bastian: Not at all. Not at all. We've been managing the best completion factor in the industry and it's not even close. Our team is doing a good job. We've been at this for over a year, managing the training queue and the training pipeline, and our pilots and our maintenance team are doing great.
Ed Bastian: It's interesting Dave, we've looked at potentially hiring bonuses and other incentives. And largely we haven't needed to resort to that. People look at the Delta brand as a place they want to be long term and they see this as an opportunity to get inside Delta. So no, we haven't had to make any changes to scale. We always watch it, we're very competitive in the market, we pay well, our people, we take great care of them. But no, we haven't had to adjust our salary scales in any in any meaningful way. 
Ed Bastian: Thanks. Thanks Dawn, this is Ed we are hiring a couple 1000 people into reservations. We've already hired at least half that number. We've got more to go every single week with more and more people are getting on the phones. We've reached out to many of the people at reservations who have retired as we had separation packages and voluntary departure packages over the last year. We have a fair number of them that returned, they are on the phones. We have people working from home. It's not a question of not providing the staff and we are doing everything we can the volumes are beyond anything we've ever seen there beyond the high point of 2019. And the handling times are substantially longer as people have more questions, as travel has changed, it is the first time back., So we're incredibly sensitive to it. The number you mentioned is not the average number at all. Yes, there are still rare occurrences of that. We have the callback features in place. We manage every one of the Qs, whether it's the General SkyMiles Q, the premium Qs, the non member Qs. And we're all at the longest the average we're seeing is in the one hour time frame. Which, by the -- wait way, which is, by the way too long, and by September we expect to get that back down to normal levels. 
Ed Bastian: And by the way, people email me every day, every hour. That's a good way. Somebody needs help just send me a note, I will take care of it.
Ed Bastian: Listen 72% candidly we're proud of it. It beats any national average by a meaningful amount. We do have pockets within the company in certain regions and certain demographics that are below 72% and we are doing everything we can to continue to encourage and incent. We provided $1 million last month in total awards to vaccinated employees. They are 40 different drawings of $25,000 a piece. I think we have one more drawing today that we have of anyone that's just been newly vaccinated within the last month. To win $25,000 we've given away free travel to employees through drawings that can get vaccinated. And we continue to describe the risks to individuals if they're not vaccinated from the variance. So I don't know a company is doing more to get its team vaccinated than Delta.
Ed Bastian: Hi, Ali. I don't know what's going to happen. It's up to the FEA. It's not really up to the Airlines to make that decision. We will be in conversations clearly with the FEA. I think it's important that medical experts make those decisions, not airline professionals as we've learned through the pandemic. They're the ones that have all the insight and the information, and keeping people safe. I appreciate people not wanting to wear the mask. I don't like wearing the mask when I'm on board either, but it's something that we need to do to keep each other safe. And I think the other question about what's going to happen in September. It really depends on where we are in the recovery phase. If the variants are continuing, I think people are going to be a little more careful about lifting the masks. If international borders are not yet opened, I'm not sure lifting the mask is going to help opening up those borders. So there's a lot that goes into that and I think as many pros to take the mask requirement as there are to keeping it on at the present time.
Ed Bastian: Well, I think it's without debate that the federal support was critical to keeping our industry afloat and keeping our employees employed and being in position for the recovery. As we've talked on this call, one of the biggest challenges we're having now is getting everything fully stood up, even though we've kept all of our employees. So you can imagine if we had to actually let many people go and abandon those individuals, the challenges we'd be facing in our country of getting travel moving again. So I think it's been an incredible success. One can debate the length of the PSP2 and PSP3. I see no interest in going beyond what we have at the present time with PSP3, and we expect to be profitable in Q3 and beyond without any PSP support. Yes. 
Ed Bastian: You know, David, we haven't seen any meaningful shifts. It's been something we've been dealing with over the course of the Pandemic. Some people want to related to having to wear masks. I'm sure that's a piece of it. I don't know that's the main piece. I think the bigger challenge is that we've got a lot of individuals that have been impacted. Their emotional wellbeing have been impacted during the pandemic. It has people are coming back out into society. You see challenges in all walks of life, not just our industry. You see it happening in other places as well in society. So obviously, social media amplifies that and puts it on a stage that's not our experience. That's not our normal experience by any means. Their crews are trained and they're incredibly professional in managing the conditions when we have someone who doesn't want to follow instructions of the crew. And unfortunately, something we've become good at. And I look forward to the return of our business and patterns of normalcy so that we can start to manage our business without having to worry about these effects.
Ed Bastian: Well, I thank you all for joining us. It's been an hour and a half. We spent a fair bit of time with you, but hopefully you've learned a lot as to why we're encouraged. And as we power our plan for the post pandemic future, why that I'm and our team is as optimistic as ever for the journey that we're on. U.S. Travelers are returning and it's really a tribute to the incredible work of our scientific community in developing effective vaccines. And that's going to be key to opening the world or return to profitability in the month of June is a major milestone. Solid profitability close to 10% speaks to the strength of our brand and the great work of our team worldwide. As we move past this inflection point from crisis into restoration, the people of Delta will be front and center, serving our customers and our communities. Our mission of connecting the people of the globe is a noble one. It's an important one. It's got great purpose and the social good that's generated by travel will be essential in the months and years ahead as our world heals. So I thank you all for your time today for joining us. And one more time, I want to say a special thanks to all the Delta people worldwide for their great work over the course of this last 16 months in getting our business to a point where we're looking to bright skies ahead. So thank you all.
