Jill Greer: Thanks, Vicky. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us on our June quarter call. Speaking on the call today are Richard Anderson, Delta’s Chief Executive Officer; our President, Ed Bastian; and our Chief Financial Officer, Paul Jacobson. We have the remainder of the management team here in the room with us for the Q&A. Richard will open the call. Ed then will address our financial and revenue performance and Paul will conclude with a review with a review of cost performance and liquidity. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta’s SEC filings. We’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and all results exclude special items unless otherwise noted. You can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at delta.com. And with that I’ll turn the call over to Richard.
Jill Greer: Thank you, Richard, Ed and Paul. Vicky, we’re now ready to move to the questions from the analysts, so if you could please review the process for asking a question.
Jill Greer: Vicky, that is going to conclude the analyst portion of the call and so I’m going to turn it over to Ned Walker, our Chief Communications Officer for the media portion.
Glen Hauenstein: July 4 with falling on a Wednesday is clearly not good for airline revenues. Business travel really took the whole week off. And because it was on a Wednesday, the discretionary traveler demand was not as high as it would have been had it been at the beginning or the end of the week. So it was, it’s generally a bad week for us. This year it was particularly bad and probably had about a 0.3 to 0.4 point impact on the month.Glenn Engel – Bank of America: Thank you very much.
Glen Hauenstein: We really believe that there’s continued upside. The 105% is actually an amalgamation of all of the different entities, not all of which we have produced premiums today, but all of which we aspire to produce premiums over time and we think that that will drive the system-wide number higher over the longer term.
Glen Hauenstein: Every entity has its own expectations based on our gauge, our stage length, the market selections we fly. But I think it’s safe to say that we think there is a couple of points of headroom, 2 to 3 points of headroom in the next couple of years that we could achieve.
Glen Hauenstein: We don’t have a crystal ball here and I think our commitment is to react as quickly as we can to changes in demand, and as we look out into the early fall, we really don’t see anything yet. But that doesn’t mean that we won’t react quickly if we do see a shortfall. So I think our commitment to our shareholders and all of our constituents is to make sure we’re doing the best we can with the information we have. And while we read the same headlines, right now in Europe we have a little bit of a disconnect between what we’re experiencing and what you read in the headlines. So, and the forward bookings and forward unit revenues look great into the fall. If that starts to deteriorate, and so we have already taken proactive reductions. So we have reduced 5% of our capacity because of things we know. So we know the euro is lower and we know that winter is higher ex-European demand than ex-US demand which peaks in the summer. So we’ve already taken actions on what we know, and we will take the actions required as more unfolds if it does.Dan McKenzie – Rodman & Renshaw: Okay, terrific. Thanks so much.
Paul Jacobson: Savi, the $300 million in savings comes from the sale of the products in excess of the cost of manufacturing and cracking crude oil against the index prices that we’ve seen. And while there’s been volatility in the crude oil markets, crack spreads have actually expanded slightly during that time period and we don’t anticipate any change from our original guidance.
Paul Jacobson: We have a robust and independent risk management function that oversees the financial risks of the company including the hedging book. When we hedge fuel and we see rapid declines in fuel prices, you’re going to expect hedge losses because the hedge book is net long in its offsetting position. But we monitor that very independently and we’re very comfortable with our position in our book.
Paul Jacobson: No, the swaps are a means to exchange product for jet fuel. The economics of the transaction don’t hinge on those commercial agreements but they are sources for those products and there’s a broad market for those products in that area.Linda Loyd – The Philadelphia Inquirer: Okay. Thanks very much.
Ed Bastian: Savi, this is Ed. One other point is we talked about this when we announced the acquisition. We went, also back-tested this over the last six years and the average return Trainer would have had on our results is anywhere between $300 million and $500 million a year over the last six years. So we feel reasonably confident in our estimates on a going forward basis.
Ed Bastian: We haven’t publicly disclosed the impact. Obviously we believe it to be substantial. If you look at the, not just the cost of continuing to keep the 50-seat RJs in the fleet but even more importantly the upcoming fairly significant maintenance costs that we’re going to be experiencing which will run into the hundreds of millions of dollars on that fleet if we had decided to retain that aircraft. So not just a savings on the current cost structure but a substantial benefit to offset future cost rises.
Ed Bastian: It was 16% of our respondents. We took a very wide span of respondents and it lined up largely with the spend. And in any portfolio, you’re going to have some guys that are increasing, some guys that are decreasing some of the sectors. You can guess yourself which are having more difficulty in this marketplace, particularly in the defense space. But on average, the trend lines are they’re going to continue to stay with the spend patterns and the trends we’ve seen or actually look to expand it a bit going forward. So no unique comment in that 16%. I didn’t see JPMorgan’s results. So I don’t know what they are telling you.
Ed Bastian: Mike, I’ll jump in. This is Ed. The revenue opportunity is substantial. We’ve said any number of times the 50-seaters have been the perfect storm for us because not only is it a cost opportunity, it’s also an airplane our customers don’t particularly prefer. So as we up-gauge, and that was sitting behind the 717 strategy and that’s why they are linked at some level as well as getting some incremental two-class 76-seat RJs, we’re going to have a fairly substantial up gauge in margin improvement, cost reductions, some revenue enhancements. And from the capital efficiency standpoint, with where we were able to acquire the 717s is going to improve those returns all the more. So it was a win all the ways around.
Ed Bastian: John, this is Ed. Cargo revenues for us in the second quarter were fairly flat on a year-over-year basis and we had some weakness in yields, but the volumes improved on a year-over-year basis. We’re not a big enough cargo carrier to really be able to call that as a trend. Obviously we see what’s going on with the bigger freight operators around the world. So I’d say, one, don’t necessarily look at our cargo performance as a indicator. But looking to our business model, we think when you’re – because we’ve asked ourself that question a lot with some of the continued concerns and headline risk coming out of Europe and other parts of the geography, how do we look at our July unit revenue performance. And if you were to contrast June to July, there’s about a 2 point sequential down-tick, which compared to what we would historically have expected to see. We think 1 point of the 2 point down-tick is due to some of the domestic competitive fare activities that we’ve commented on in the past. And the other point is a myriad of a little bit of economic weakness, a little bit of the fuel sell-off which obviously has some revenue implications, a little bit of July 4. And again, just so a little bit of softening but nothing on the guise of what some of the cargo carriers are seeing. So, or a consumer business in the environment that we’re operating in to see a 4 to 5 point year-on-year revenue improvement, which is our, effectively our same stores sales metric. We feel it’s pretty solid.
Ed Bastian: It wouldn’t show up, Helane, in the numbers per se. It would show up through better passenger revenues as we better hook our two networks up. You’re not going to see that in a separate line item or anything.Helane Becker – Dahlman Rose & Company: Okay, got you. Thank you.
Ed Bastian: And I’d say the other thing, Kevin, there that we did not necessarily forecast or see coming as clearly is the opportunity we had with our pilots to do the contract early. It’s going to pay significant dividends over time as it will have a big cost return to it, not just in terms of improved productivity, but the ability to fairly substantially restructure the domestic fleet. But that those costs came in right away so that’s in our September guidance as well, and that was another big piece.
Ed Bastian: There’s nothing – we don’t typically give the monthly forward capacity outlooks, Kevin, but there’s nothing unique in the months.
Richard Anderson: Well first of all, we’re not going to go – I mean I think we have demonstrated now for a number of years in a row a unique discipline around how we deploy our capital, and I think the 717 is a prime example of that and the MD-90 is a prime example of that. So we’re not going to change that focus, because we think the most important thing we can do for our shareowners is de-risk and de-lever the business. So we have some time to make that decision because we’re scheduled to hit our net debt at $10 billion at the end of 2013. I think you can reasonably expect that no matter what we do, we’re going to continue to grind down that net debt number, because that both improves our EPS quickly because it comes right out of non-op which benefits our shareholders significantly. So I think no matter what, there are two principles and we have some time to discuss this with our investor base. But the first principle is we are not going to go, to use your term, we’re not going on any benders around here, period, because we’re incredibly focused on pay back of our capital investments and getting our ROIC target. And number two, you can count on us continuing to pay down debt in some form or fashion, even after we hit the $10 billion mark. Our ultimate goal, it’s going to take us a while, is to get back to investment grade.
Richard Anderson: What we’ve been able to show, I think if you look at 2010, 2011, now 2012, we’ve been able to manage and have good performance and make good money through three years of pretty volatile fuel and economic environment. So that 10% to 12% return on invested capital we think is a solid number for us going forward. And this is a management team that is incredibly serious and intent on hitting that number for our shareowners.
Richard Anderson: As a matter of policy, we do not comment or speculate on transactions of that nature. I would just say that overall, one, at Delta we will continue to always control our destiny. And by pushing a lot of different opportunities and leverage across the business and, number two, global consolidation is good for the business model.
Richard Anderson: This is Richard. First, if you look out over the past two years, we have pushed capacity down pretty hard. We have viewed capacity as the real lever to push our business, and it has put real pressure on our non-fuel CASM. If you look where we’ll be by the end of this year in 4Q and compare it to two years ago when we were giving that guidance, we’re going to probably be down 5% to 6% in overall system capacity and the industry is probably on the main grown a bit. So if you think about being down 5% instead of being up 1% to 2% each of those two years, the equation is very much different on the nonfuel line. The second piece is, is that we have along the way made investments that are the right investments in our product, in our employees, and you can see it in our revenue performance versus the industry. Hence our drive to drive another $1 billion of structural costs out and our push in the refinery to make up on a total basis, total unit cost basis, those inflationary pressures that we see.
Richard Anderson: Two points there that are different in this industry from those industries, which is we sell our tickets 330 days in advance. So if at the point in time that we sell the ticket for travel six months from now, we don’t have – we have current fuel or the current forecast that we have for fuel which we use in our pricing department. Because, if you look at businesses in a totally deregulated environment that are commodity intensive, the management team is always working to match the cost of production to the pricing in the marketplace. We’re a bit more challenged in that we sell tickets 330 days in advance and the DOT does not allow us to collect fuel surcharges in the US. We can inform point of sale but we cannot in the US. So there are some differences there. So what we do is we manage capacity very tightly and are prepared to suffer some of the risks of a little higher unit cost creep as a result because the independent variable needs to be then how we manage our capacity and how we manage our internal pricing mechanisms to be certain that our prices are capturing the actual cost of goods sold at the time that we price. And that leads me to my second point which is why we hedge fuel. Because if you’re selling 330 days in advance and you cannot legally use fuel surcharges, we need the ability to take some of the volatility out and allow us in a more near term basis to lock in our margins. And candidly, that’s what we just did in the second quarter. When we were moving through the second quarter, we saw some of the best revenue performance we’ve ever seen for the month of May, and but the biggest risk was where fuel was going in the January through April timeframe. And we wanted to be certain that we had 200 basis points of margin expansion. So it’s going to be a combination of, one, managing your capacity, because that’s our biggest lever. And we’re going to continue to manage the capacity to be able to drive our revenue up by putting more revenue on each airplane and you do that by reducing capacity. The second thing is, in our pricing environment, we’re very focused on having our pricing and yield management professionals have the cost data at the time they make decisions around capacity and pricing. Third, we made an investment in the refinery to be able to take the crack spread risk out of our business, which is our single highest fuel expense. And number four, to use our hedging program in the shorter term to be able to lock in our margins, so that we know that our cost of goods sold is going to match the pricing we have in the market.
Richard Anderson: I thought we were fairly clear in saying that the way we manage our fuel exposure is, one, capacity; number two, having the right pricing processes and mechanisms in the company to be certain that we’re fully covering the cost of fuel in our pricing; number three, we have a lot of fuel efficiency efforts under way, including our refleeting, adding winglets and more efficient aircraft routings; and then number four is our hedge program.
Richard Anderson: I’m going to stand on what I said before which is we have a clear path through – we have a number of operators and a number of contract expirations and I think we’ve shown a pretty steady process here. I mean our high watermark was a little over 500 and I think today we’re at 300, 320. So we’ve been able to do 180 so and I think you just have to stay tuned, but it’s going to happen.
Richard Anderson: In view of the significant changes in the economic and competitive conditions in the regional airline industry in recent years, Delta continues to explore strategic alternatives for Comair as previously announced. Until a final decision has been made, we cannot comment further.
Richard Anderson: No, we wouldn’t comment on that. We’ve got a lot of work to do there and there will be RFP processes and the like so we can’t comment on that. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s all worked out.
John Walker: Okay hey, thanks very much, Jill, and welcome everybody. Vicky, we’re ready to begin the Q&A with the media. We’ll ask the media to limit themselves to one question with a quick follow-up. We should be able to accommodate most Q&As but often we are not able to get everybody on. So with that we’ll go ahead and turn it over to the first question, please.
John Walker: Hey, thanks Richard that was really good.Josh Freed – The Associated Press: It almost felt like you were reading from something there.
John Walker: No, that’s really, Josh, that’s really basically been what we’ve been telling you and the rest of the media over the last few weeks and so our position really hasn’t changed publicly on that.Josh Freed – The Associated Press: All right. Thank you.
John Walker: Okay thank you very much, Richard, Ed and Paul. That concludes our June quarter call. We’ll be back in three months with the September quarter. Thanks very much.
