Julie Stewart: Thank you, Travis. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us for our March quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining us from Atlanta today are our CEO, Ed Bastian; our President, Glen Hauenstein; and our Interim Co-CFO, Gary Chase. Ed will open the call with an overview of Delta's performance and strategy, Glen will provide an update on the revenue environment, and Gary will discuss cost, fleet, and our balance sheet. Similar to last quarter's call, we scheduled today's call for 90 minutes to make sure we have plenty of time for questions. For analysts, we ask you please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up, so we can get to as many of you as possible. After the analyst's Q&A, we will move to our media questions, after which, Ed will provide a brief closing statement. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures and all results exclude special items unless otherwise noted. You can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, I'll turn the call to Ed.
Julie Stewart: Thanks Gary. Travis, we are ready for the analyst questions if you could give the instructions on how to get into the queue.
Julie Stewart: And that’s going to wrap-up the analyst portion of the call. I'll now turn it over to Tim Mapes, our Chief Marketing and Communications Officer to start the media questions.
Ed Bastian: Hi Duane. I think the issue you talk about in the broader hospitality sector is an issue -- I don't think it's an issue for the airlines, but I know the hotels, rental car providers that you say are having a difficult time getting staff back, given the level of unemployment and other stimulus that's been provided into the general economy, we're not experiencing that issue at all here at Delta. Our people have been at work throughout the entire the entire time. I'd say the biggest bottleneck -- two bottlenecks that we face, which I feel very good about where we're at, is clearly getting our pilot training and our pilots into the right categories and ready to fly. And secondly, maintenance, making certain that we got our aircraft and our engines and all the work ready for a pretty quick rebound. It's a -- we had some cancellations on Easter Sunday, a couple of weeks ago, about 100 in the business and we've noticed -- it's been a trend on some of the holiday weekends, but for the last few holidays, certainly President's Day and Easter, not nearly the challenges that we experienced earlier in Thanksgiving and Christmas and it's because our businesses is dealing with the tension between making sure that we've got as many costs out and saved and people on whether it's voluntary leave or some other alternative plan and being ready to respond to demand as it comes back. I feel pretty good about where we sit for the common spring and summer. We spent an awful lot of time understanding that. You also need to appreciate that in certain parts of the country, the virus is growing at a faster rate than others. We've had vaccinations moving and that's impacted a little bit on the pilot availability because pilots need to sit for a couple of days once they -- every time they get a shot. But all-in, I think our team is well-positioned and ready for the rebound that we see coming this summer.
Ed Bastian: Well, the biggest flex lever we have is the middle seat, which comes available May the 1st and you're going to see a significant capacity bump from April to May because of the seat. So, we're not anticipating a significant amount of schedule -- additional schedule requirements. Probably the biggest question mark we have is the international space and we're working closely with the international authorities to be ready to fly when they enable travel, particularly in the transatlantic markets, but I'm not contemplating us having a big challenge getting seats in the market for June.
Ed Bastian: Hi, Jamie. Obviously, there's still a ways to go between here and there to get to the third quarter. Clearly, the number one dependency is the vaccination rate and getting to herd immunity in our country. And all the experts we talked to, including our own doctors tell us that early summer, is when we should expect our country to be in some form of early herd immunity and that will continue to inspire additional travel. Yes, we're working on reopening international corridors. I think the one that is most likely to be open for the third quarter, hopefully, is the U.S.-U.K. travel corridor and we're spending a lot of time with the authorities both here in the U.S. as well as the U.K. so what's going to be required to get that done and hopefully early summer, that we'll see the corridor open, which will then bring some pressure I'm sure on other markets to follow similar suits and protocols. The middle seat opening is another huge leverage point. The fact that we've been carrying such a significant amount of our capacity deliberately not selling it's going to be a big add on there. So, when you think about all these factors, you need to think about the additional scale that we have from better utilizing our fleet. Our fleet is still somewhat probably 10% to 15% underutilized as we're operating it today. These are the types of things we look at to give us some real optimism that there's a pathway to get into profitability this summer.
Ed Bastian: Sure Helane. As I mentioned, in my opening comments, sustainability is a real issue for us for our business and it's a problem now, and it can't wait till later to be addressed. We're doing as we've committed to invest and verified carbon offsets with the highest certification, which are the really the only real solution in the marketplace right now. And we appreciate -- there's a lot of concerns about efficacies and we are concerned also, and that's why we're so specific in terms of what we're investing in. But there is real evidence, they have a clear impact and we can't wait for those longer term investments to start paying off to reduce the footprint in the meantime. We're working with a lot of providers, whether it's in the energy arena or other technology providers, seeking solutions to de-carbonize our operations and our footprint. We've committed $1 billion over this decade towards investments along these lines. And as you see this become a increased importance to the current administration, their priorities. We're hopefully going to get some support from our government, particularly in the area of sustainable aviation fuels, which is critical. We don't have as an industry have a clear roadmap to net carbon zero by 2040 at the present time, but it's important that we have the mindset that we're going to do what it takes to continue to invest in a better future for all.
Ed Bastian: Well, we're excited about the -- sure Helane. We're excited about the MRO and its future and you're right in 2020, there was a dip in volumes as airlines pulled back, not just flying levels, but retired on a global basis some of the older fleets. But our MRO revenues are not down nearly in line with what were flying levels have come down to. And as we look to the pipeline of opportunities, there's still a pretty good backlog to dip into. So, team's doing a great job over there, first and foremost, taking care of the Delta fleet, but looking for opportunities to expand going forward and I think as your earlier question that Duane answered -- or asked around pipeline of blockages or obstacles to getting our businesses back. The MRO is going to be key for us not just helping Delta, but also helping some other airlines around the world, get their businesses back up and running as quickly as they can.
Ed Bastian: To add to Glen's points, we did update the corporate survey that we commented upon last quarter and the numbers continue to look favorable. 36% of -- and this is -- many of our large corporations participated 36% expect to be fully back travel to pre-COVID levels by 2022, and another 16% by 2023. So, 52% say they're anticipating get back to full levels. Only 8% of the corporations that we survey say that we'll never get back to pre-COVID levels. And there's 40% that that are unclear as to what level of additional flying that we -- that they anticipate. So, if you take a fairly conservative view on the 40% uncertain and 8% that never get fully back and say that only 50% of that returns, then we're looking at 75% to 80% of our corporate revenues coming back over the course of the next couple years, which I continue to think is conservative, and we're working hard as people feel confident getting back out into the sky to get that business volume back to where it was.
Ed Bastian: No, I think there's really two things that we would talk about and they are different scenarios. One is internationally coming out of the pandemic; I think we see a vastly improved competitive scenario with a lot of the ultra-low cost or low cost players in each region coming out of this much weaker or gone. And so as we see Europe come back, as we see Latin and the Pacific come back, I think we're going to see a much improved environment for many years ahead of us. And domestically, I think you characterize it quite well as people are traveling differently than they were pre-pandemic and while we are back at 85% of demand, that 85% is going different places than it was pre-pandemic. So, you see a lot more capacity from the industry in places that people are interested, basically, the less, the wide open spaces, the Florida markets, the Latin leisure markets. And so we've put our capacity where people want to fly and I think that's where we'll continue to focus and I see -- ultimately, I can't tell you what our competitors are going to do with capacity, but I think we feel really comfortable about how the U.S. arena is developing.
Ed Bastian: Ravi, I wish I had a crystal ball that was clear to know with some degree of confidence. Certainly, there's enormous pent up demand. Consumers have built up a lot of wealth over the pandemic, people have really lost the connection that they look to recreate and get back together, whether that's for leisure, purpose, or business. And I think over the course of the next 12 to 18 months, we're going to see a strong surge as markets reopen for different categories as well as different borders. Looking out into the next couple years, does that mean we'll be beyond 2019? I think it's possible. We have flex in our fleet, in our order book to address that. We're not going to be limited. If there's demand out there, we're going to be positioned to be able to service.
Ed Bastian: Sure Andrew. No, it doesn't surprise me at all. And it's primarily because of the government support that the U.S/ airlines have received in terms of PSP. When you think about the significant levels of support and ensuring that that support goes to retaining employment across the industry as a national priority, there really isn't a lot of change structural. You use that money to try to get your business back up, which was what they were intended to do. Certainly on an international level, we're seeing a lot of change. There's been a lot of international restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations, changes, which I don't think we really fully appreciate the full extent of that. It's going to take some time yet to play out. I think it'll help and benefit the U.S. industry because we're going to be competitively stronger than in the international landscape than we were previously. So, we'll see how that plays out.
Ed Bastian: Well, remember, the way the yield curve works is we're always saving for the last minute business traveler, who's -- there are not that many of them out there this year, they're substantially less than they were for 2019. So, you won't see I think the full impact of yield management flow into the revenue equation until a little bit later, probably early fall. So, summer is going to be about managing leisure demand and there's a little less opportunity in terms of saving that last seat for the business customer. So, as we move through the year, I think we're going to get say September-October to really be in a much better position to manage yield through the traditional RM systems.
Ed Bastian: Thanks, Katie. We certainly have in the very near-term for this coming summer limitations to how much demand we can we can serve and its decisions that are taken six to 12 months in advance in terms of getting pilots into the right categories. That said, with a significant amount of capacity we're adding through the middle seats being returned to service, I don't think it's going to be a substantial impact on our ability to serve the demand that we see out there.
Ed Bastian: Katie, one other thing I'd like to add to the point. People probably don't appreciate the fact that for the last couple of quarters, Delta has actually been flying the most scheduled service of anyone out there. So, when people worry whether we were going to have the capacity and the seats in the market to fill it, we're flying more scheduled servers, because we're blocking so many of the seats on the individual airplanes. As we open that inventory up, we're going to be raised with anybody in terms of being able to provide service and strength into some of our key hubs and markets domestically. So, we're not we're not concerned in the short-term that we're going to be short aircraft or short staffed.
Ed Bastian: Well, on the reopening of international borders, I think there's still more -- many more questions that are answers. We are focused on trying to get the U.S.-U.K. travel corridor open. I think that's the most logical and has the greatest value to us. And I think those are the markets where we'll start to see demand grow quickly when we can get that open and we're working with our partners at Virgin from the U.K. standpoint, as well as across not just the airline industry, but within the broader travel and hospitality sector too, figure out how we can get it open for summer. And we're making progress in that regard. When you think about other parts of Europe, there may be some occasional markets open this summer based on Southern Mediterranean leisure traffic that people will be interested in, but I don't I don't think you're going to see Continental Europe open in any meaningful way till later in the year. We'll probably unfortunately miss much of the summer for most of Continental Europe. On the other end extreme, I think Asia is going to be the long pole in the tent. I think that could take a year or more to start travel back up at scale. When you think about China, and Japan and many of the other Pacific markets, the one market that we will be spending a lot of time trying to support is Korea, with our partner at Korean. And South America is going to be somewhere in the middle. It's really going to be based on the success they have in trying to get the virus under containment in their countries, which we all know right now is a very difficult spot that they sit in. So, that's probably late this year, into the winter when you start to see South America open up.
Ed Bastian: I think we're really focused on the unit revenues. And I think we outline the progression and of course, there's a yield traffic trade off that we're always monitoring. But when you think about getting 20 to 25 points of unit revenues sequentially between the end of March and June, that's a huge improvement and one that I think is indicative of what we'd be looking at for summer travel. And I outlined earlier we think that the traffic will be in the mid-80s for peak summer domestic, and that presents opportunity to manage yield.
Ed Bastian: Hey, Joe its Ed. As you probably have seen or read the NMA is not being actively discussed at Boeing at the present time, but they certainly do have alternatives and new designs that they're thinking about, and we're engaged with those conversations. Nothing imminent, or on the short horizon here, but we are looking at the longer term opportunities with our friends in Seattle.
Ed Bastian: So, clearly, the co-branded cards are an array of purpose, including a lot of small and medium sized enterprises, where we're seeing a lot of success with the cards right now. And so I think, we feel very, very confident that we can get to the $7 billion and clearly the crisis has put a little delay on that. And we're sizing up how significant that delay is and how we can shorten that delay by new and innovative programs to stimulate demand for the card. And I think we feel confident coming out of this that the card performed at or above our expectations of how it would do in a scenario -- a recessionary scenario. And so we think a very bright future for that card.
Ed Bastian: That's an interesting question Myles and certainly, we've depended upon the support from our government here to be able to sustain an essential service for our economy. I don't know what that means, in terms of long-term. Clearly, the Middle Eastern subsidies were not there as a support tool for essential service, they were there to grow their economies and grow their businesses. So, I think fundamentally, the nature of the intervention, not just in the U.S., but around the world that we've seen over the last year, is of a very different character. And we'll see on the other end of this where the international market slant and the level of subsidies that that continues. So, yes, we've been appreciative of that. But no, I don't think it changes the character of what our issues were in the past.
Ed Bastian: I think Leslie; we mentioned that in the cost guidance for the second quarter the rebuild, the maintenance, and as well as some training is probably in a three to four point range of the 6% to 9% growth that we're seeing over 2019 levels. So, it's a meaningful amount that we're investing to get the business back. We've not made a decision yet with respect to hiring, but I do anticipate if we see the recovery, continue to gain strength that before the end of the year, we could very well be in the market for both pilot and flight attendant hiring again.
Ed Bastian: We haven't encountered that yet. So, we've been able to fly schedules that we wanted to fly to all those leisure destinations.
Ed Bastian: No, we have very, very strong performance from our core hubs in our coastal gateways. So, we're going to stay focused on them.
Ed Bastian: No, we're not considering that. And we're very excited about the value we're bringing to customers and grow our program. And we’ve actually used the program to stimulate a lot of demand with really some very attractive offers that we've had in market across the U.S. And hopefully, our frequent flyers are enjoying the benefits associated with those track offers.
Ed Bastian: Well, if you think about it, unfortunately, there weren't very many people traveling on the airline, which is the vast majority of issue. And on the credit card side, clearly that had a much more sustained. So, we don't feel that there's a huge imbalance coming out of the pandemics, but the difference between what points have been accrued versus what we anticipate being able to supply in the marketplace. And we're pretty excited about people returning to use their points.
Ed Bastian: Well, certainly what we've seen is when customers can travel internationally, they are willing to and excited about it. And I think when you think about the places that you can go today, whether or not it's the Caribbean or the Latin, we have said that there's more than 100% of the demand restored to those places. So, we're over-indexing already versus where we were in 2019. So, as those open, we will be able to supply and as you think about it, there's still a significant number of our places that will be closed. So, if the U.K. were to open, we'd be able to satisfy as many seats as people needed to fill the demand. I think we're excited about that and we'll see how it goes. But the one thing I would have a takeaway is Americans want to travel and they want to travel abroad.
Ed Bastian: So, we're spending a considerable amount of time building an open source platform, because as you probably know, there's a lot of different marketing technologies for Digital Health credentials, which I think is probably the more appropriate right versus passport, which gains a lot of negativity, calling them passports. The challenge we face is every government around the world is looking at their questions uniquely, and we need to start looking collectively at answers. So that'll be important, for example, as we reopen the U.S.-U.K. border as to what technology will be available to actually evidence vaccination, if indeed the regulator's even require a vaccination. It's not clear that that's been -- that's even be requirement. So, we're working to try to keep as open a framework as possible, working with health providers, technology providers, and our customers to ensure that when they need to show that they've been vaccinated or have been tested, they can do it in as efficient manner as possible.
Ed Bastian: No, we haven't seen any significant impact from the different discussions that have been going on in Georgia.
Ed Bastian: Well, it fits in as it always has, it's an offset to our exposure to jet cracks. And that's one of the things that we are saying. We had some questions about impact at the refinery, and one of the primary drivers of that -- there are two. But the first primary driver is just the fact that jet cracks right now are very low. I mentioned they were in the $5 to $6 range. We've seen them historically in $15 to $20 range. The other contributor to the near-term performance has just been a huge escalation in the cost of rents, which have gone towards the end of the fourth quarter, they were in the $0.60 to $0.70 range and they're, they're well north of $1 now. That's a market dislocation that we just don't see as sustainable.
Ed Bastian: I think it's safe to say we're always evaluating all our options. What we're not going to do, though, is let some of these short-term dislocations guide our actions. This is an asset that has contributed a lot to the company over the last in the time that we've owned it, which is the better part of the last decade. We've got a world-class team, they're operating it, they’re operating it efficiently. They're operating it cost effectively. And as I mentioned, it is serving the purpose that we've always had for it, which is an offset to the crack exposure that we have.
Ed Bastian: So, I'd like to thank you all for your participation and joining us this morning. As we sum up the call, it's clear that at Delta, we've reached an important inflection point, as we navigate the pandemic and move into the recovery phase of 2021. As the pace of vaccinations accelerate, our customers are reclaiming their lives. Air travel will be central as people reconnect with loved ones and business colleagues, replacing their screens with real human touch points as they venture out of their homes, and communities to experience the world again. Looking forward, with customer demand steadily rising, there is a lot of runway ahead of us. As we open our middle seats to booking and corporate and international begin to recover in earnest. And once the recovery of those segments are underway, we expect they'll prove to be a powerful cash and profitability lever to get our business back to where we needed to be. The strength of our balance sheet has been critical and I'm excited that we're shifting our focus to delivering, which will also be an important accelerator in our recovery. But with all of this, I have great confidence that Delta is well-positioned to lead the industry in the months and years ahead. I thank all of the people at Delta for your tremendous job, particularly over these last 12 months in positioning us for success. And we look forward to welcoming all of you back aboard our flights in the days and months to come. Thank you all.
Gary Chase: Yes, well, Brandon, we're not going to comment on where we'll be by the end of the year. What we've been very clear about as long-term goal was that we want to be back to an investment-grade quality balance sheet. If you think about it, simplistically, our net debt is up about $8.5 billion since the end of 2019. So, one easy way to think about what we need to do is get that back down to the $10 billion range. In terms of near-term priorities, you noted one we did make beyond the quarter -- on April 1st - we made a $1 billion contribution to the plan. We've discussed in here the potential for up to another $1 billion to achieve that fully funded PPA status. The other things that you should expect to see from us would be we're going to continue to pay cash for our aircraft, which not only prevents us from incurring debt, but it obviously builds our unencumbered collateral base. And then we have ongoing debt maturity. So, in this quarter alone, in fact, on Monday, we will pay a $600 million unsecured maturity. Over the course of the rest of the quarter, we'll have another roughly $250 million of regularly scheduled amortization, and another $400 million of that across the second half. So, you'll continue to see those debt levels work down for all of those reasons.
Gary Chase: Well, we've looked at this a number of different ways. We're thinking about it on an interim basis. We've looked at it a number of ways and they're all kind of pointing to the same zip code. So, we've sketched out about a $10 billion to $12 billion interim floor for liquidity that we want to see. I think it's important to note though, that we don't have that thought process in isolation and I'll just repeat one of the things that you see us very deliberately doing is consciously building the unencumbered collateral base as we go. So, in addition to thinking about where we want to be with liquidity, our mind is also on continuing to build that unencumbered asset base so that we've got the flexibility.
Gary Chase: Jamie, I think I'll answer it this way; there are a number of factors that we put into the thought process about liquidity. It is safe to say that that was one of the stress points that we consider.
Gary Chase: It's wrapped into the analysis I was describing that has us kind of landing in that $10 billion to $12 billion zone.
Gary Chase: Yes, well, as we said, about half of the 12% improvement that you saw in the quarter versus 2019, is really structural change driven by the fleet renewal that we've been talking about. So, you can think of the remainder as conditional on where we are on the system. We did say, however, that as we look into the second quarter, we expect at least a 10% improvement on where we were for the same metric in 2019. So, do expect continued fuel efficiency certainly through the June quarter of significance.
Gary Chase: Yes, and Mike on the first part of your question, the $1.85 to $1.95, it does contemplate a loss at the refinery. It's not as substantial as what we experienced in the first quarter. The fuel curve that we're using is generally what you see out there, crude in the low $60s and cracks in the $5 to $6 range.
Gary Chase: Katie, that's the number that we expect to hit this year. And I would say I'm really pleased with where we are, I mean, we are on the trajectory. The 6% to 9%, as I mentioned that we're achieving in the second quarter, I mentioned the four points of rebuild that are included in there. But you heard Glen talk about some of the international flying that we're not doing now. Our international mix is down quite a bit. In particular, we're not flying a lot of the long haul international network yet. If you look like-for-like in what you're seeing in the second quarter, that's also about a five point headwind. So, kudos to the team here, everybody has really embraced it. And they've just done a great job. The whole company really has come together around it. As I mentioned, in 2020, it was really about aggressively attacking the cost base, we understand the mission this year is really getting that incremental leverage as the network rebuilds. And you're really seeing it in the second quarter, if you take a look at how the ASMs are coming on and the cost incurred to do that. It's really nice operating leverage. So, very happy with where we are and fully expect to be on that 2019 number by the time we hit the fourth quarter.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes, I think we're looking at what we have today and building it back up again. And we don't know the outcome or when, but we do see is that slow and steady build. And we think as we get to the end of the summer, as we said in the script as the vaccination rates continue to improve, and officers continue to return that we will see an acceleration as we head into the fall. And I think still unknown where we'll wind up this year and where we'll wind up in summer of 2022. And that's I think we're going to work on the flexibility of our fleet to flex up or down depending on what we see in the market at different points in time.
Glen Hauenstein: I think one of the things we're excited about as we come out of this pandemic is the strength of our international partners, as I mentioned earlier, is, international is taken much more of a reshape than domestic given the fact that a lot of international carriers didn't receive government support through the pandemic and are going to either be much smaller or not be there as the pandemic way eases off. And so we are very encouraged about continuing to leverage our partner hubs as the first wave of pre-pandemic international travel comes back. And that's really what we've done so far. And I think, yes, there will be opportunities for us to reshape our domestic to better feed our internationals coming out of this than we had going in. But we'll deal with that as it occurs as opposed to anticipating.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, through the pandemic, looking curve it compressed and starting about middle of last month, for the first time ever, we saw advanced bookings outside of the 60-day window is actually surpassing the percentage of bookings that were in that category in 2019. So, hopefully I can give you some context that people are feeling much more comfortable booking further out in the curve. And I think we're looking at several things. One is I think in the U.S., they're feeling much more comfortable in domestic flying, knowing they'll get their shots, knowing they'll be able to travel, still waiting for more and more events to open and places to open and kind of one of the things that continues to accelerate the domestic demand and then really waiting for the internationals to reopen in earnest. I think people are now looking at it, the fall and making some speculative bookings that Europe will be open in the fall. There are not a great number of those out there yet, but certainly, there's interest out there. And I do believe that in the next month or two, we'll see at least some of the European countries attempting to reopen, and that will hopefully put pressure on the others to figure out ways to reopen their markets.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes, we've looked at that. And I think maybe for the month of March in particular and clearly as we got to the end of -- or as the traffic continued to rise again -- and confidence returned, it got to be a more expensive proposition. So, for the month of March, it was probably between $100 billion and $150 million of gross revenue that we left on the table not blocking the middle seat, but really ensuring that demand came back and ensuring that our brand came out of this very strong. And I think had we the choice to do it over again, we would do it in a heartbeat because I think it's something that really set Delta apart through this pandemic is putting consumer confidence and the confidence in health and safety first, was a very important part of how we've invested in our brand through this pandemic. So, I think that's when we see this real competence returning in the April-May time period that was also one of our big cues to say it is time to let it go away.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, clearly, the big step up is from April to May as the seats get released. And then June is just sequentially better. So, more of a traditional seasonality, moving from May to June, and really it's about the capacity absorption of that middle seat, is this story of the second quarter. Clearly, in the first few weeks of data, it will -- people have to leave to come back. So, there'll be some imbalances. And so we see the first two weeks of May being a little bit later and then the second two weeks as you get into Memorial Day and that more traditional peak leisure period, which should be much stronger.
Peter Carter: Good morning. It's Peter Carter. So, from the CORSIA perspective, this is the year where we benchmark so this is the year where our use will be determined for future years.
Peter Carter: With that, Travis, we have time for one final question before we turn it back over to Ed for his closing comments, please.
Peter Carter: With that, we'll turn it over to Ed for final closing comments. Thank you, everybody for your participation today.
