Jill Sullivan-Greer: Thanks, Noah. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us for our September quarter call. Joining us from Atlanta today are our CEO Ed Bastian, our President Glen Hauenstein and our CFO Paul Jacobson. Our entire leadership team is here in the room for the Q&A session. Ed will open the call and give an overview of our financial performance. Glen will then address the revenue environment and Paul will conclude with a review of our cost performance and cash flow. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up.  Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted. You can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the investor relations page at IR.Delta.com.  With that, I'll turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Ed Bastian. 
Jill Sullivan-Greer: Thanks, Ed, Glen and Paul. Before we turn to the analyst Q&A, I'd like to remind everybody to mark your calendars for Delta's annual Investor Day which this year will be held on December 15. So with that Noah, if you could give everybody instructions for the Q&A session. 
Jill Sullivan-Greer: That's going to wrap up the analyst portion of the call and I will now turn it over to Kevin Shinkle, our Chief Communications Officer for the media portion. 
Ed Bastian: Thanks, Jill. Good morning, everyone, appreciate you joining us. This morning Delta reported a $1.9 billion pretax profit for the September quarter and earnings per share of $1.70 versus consensus of $1.65. The resiliency of our business and our people stood out this quarter as we generated a solid 19% operating margin, $1.1 billion of free cash flow despite the weakest revenue environment in recent memory and the impact of the $150 million technology outage.  We apologize once more to those who were impacted by the outage and have already taken action to make sure an event like this doesn't happen again. I want to thank the entire Delta team for their great efforts, not only through the disruption, but also as we've worked to restore customers' confidence in Delta's reliability. Even with the impact of the outage, we delivered solid operations with a 99% mainline completion factor and an on-time arrival rate of 84% for the quarter.  Importantly, of the 22 systemwide perfect completion factor days we had this quarter, what we call "brand perfect days" with both Delta and Delta Connection having perfect completion in all 5500 daily flights, 21 of them came after the events in August. So the operation is back and running stronger than ever and our team proved once more why they are the very best. I'm pleased to say we've added another $325 million towards next year's profit sharing for our employees, bringing the total so far this year to $920 million. While the outage was a one-time event, the bigger challenge we face is from continued unit revenue declines, a trend that has persisted for the last seven quarters. And while our strong cost execution and lower fuel prices allowed us to keep margins consistent with last year in the September quarter, market fuel prices look to be higher in the upcoming quarter for the first time in several years. Therefore it continues to be a top priority for us to return to positive RASM in order to stabilize our margin performance and demonstrate the durability of the business model we have built.  Capacity is a significant lever we can use to impact that performance and based on our RASM results earlier this year, we made the decision to lower our capacity growth to below 2% for the September quarter. And while the pace of improvement has been slower than we hoped, our unit revenues have started to move in the right direction with these lower capacity levels to which Glen will provide greater detail.  That said, RASM remains negative and will stay conservative with our capacity, capping growth at 1% for the fourth quarter, a level of growth that we plan to carry over throughout 2017. With this cautious approach, we can focus on firming the trends that have us on track for positive unit revenues likely sometime early next year. This will go a long way towards demonstrating that Delta can sustain solid profits, margins and cash flows throughout the business cycle and provide further evidence that we have built a durable and sustainable model that warrants an improved valuation. I want to thank the management and ALPA negotiating teams who've worked tirelessly to get to the agreement in principle that we reached with our pilots two weeks ago. The potential agreement recognizes the important leadership role our pilots play in Delta's long term success. It is now going through ALPA's approval and ratification process and to respect that process we're not going to comment any further than what I've just said.  Finally in closing, I want to thank Richard for his leadership, his courage and his friendship to us all Delta, as he is now fully retired. Richard has been a transformative leader at Delta as well as for the industry. He is a true servant-leader as he served all 80,000 of us from his heart. We're fortunate to have Frank Blake, another outstanding leader, as our new Chairman. We look forward to working closely with Frank as we build an even stronger and more durable franchise for the future.  With that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Glen. 
Ed Bastian: Duane, we're not going to get specific on 2017 at all. We will get specific at the December 15 event that Jill mentioned. But right now we're still in the planning stages for 2017, so it'd be premature and speculative. 
Ed Bastian: We have not made any incremental purchases of regional jet aircraft. There was certainly during the discussion with the pilots, whether we wanted to or not, but we're not planning on increasing our regional jet scope at this point. 
Ed Bastian: Virgin is a private company so we're not going to give you the specific results of Virgin. But what I can tell you is it's largely consistent with what we had last third quarter. 
Ed Bastian: The targets we put out there were just a few months ago, so there was nothing with what we put out that's changed. We expect to have a final deal, we expect the fuel prices to start to tick up, we expected to have RASM softness throughout this year. And you're right, the challenge is to get RASM back positive and we're optimistic that's exactly what we'll be doing. 
Ed Bastian: The FX is not a big number, it's less than one point of negative impact. We don't have the calendar shift data because it's really, there's a lot of movement, that's why we try to give a 90-day forward kind of November through January view of what we see going on domestically. 
Ed Bastian: No, we're not. We're certainly well aware of some of the roadway challenges as the central terminal building construction started a couple months ago, but we're working with the port, we're working with the Governor's office to come up with better traffic patterns and no, we don't see any significant shift of markets. 
Ed Bastian: I think the other thing to note is that capacity levels are lower than they've been all year long and will stay there until we get to the unit revenues we need and fuel prices have also firmed up which is providing a pricing floor. So I think we've got a lot of change we see happening in our specific circumstances. 
Ed Bastian: If the contract is ratified, Savi and if there is a retro component to it, yes, in the fourth quarter there would be an accounting. But right now we're not making any assumptions or making any comment on it. 
Ed Bastian: Well, we've got a great partner in Mexico, we've got a great partner in Brazil, we've got a great partner in Argentina. We don't have a partner relationship in Central America. 
Ed Bastian: Jeffrey, we're not going to speculate on future pricing trends. Right now we feel we've got a good product in the market and we'll see what happens. 
Ed Bastian: Well Doug, it is a challenge but I don't want it to be blown out of proportion either. We've had a very few single digit number of incidents occur. We're certainly reminding our passengers of the requirements, we're educating our crews, we're putting some additional safety elements on board the cabin to help mitigate a smoke situation. But it's not fundamentally different than challenges that we've had for some time. We're aware of the concerns around lithium batteries and we're very mindful of that, safety is always our most important concern. 
Ed Bastian: Michael, I'm not going to speculate for Richard other than to say this was all consistent with the plan that we have talked to. I mentioned earlier today that he's given myself as the new CEO and Frank Blake as the new lead Director about six months of transition to make certain everything on the succession was going well. We do think everything is going well and he concluded it was his time to retire, so this was fully anticipated. 
Ed Bastian: We have reason to believe the State Department is making progress. We're not going to get in front of the State Department by telling them what they need to do specifically, but freezing and/or eliminating fifths would be a great start. 
Glen Hauenstein: Hunter, that's a great question and of course there are a lot of elements that go into those decisions, including the market sizes, the relevant positions of the carrier, the long term sustainability and profitability potential of the market. But we adjust on a monthly basis, as you know and at about 3 to 4 months out, the less we touch the schedule, the better it is for our customers, because customers once they buy a ticket want you to fulfill that commitment of applying what they've purchased from you. So that's why it does take us a few months to ratchet up or ratchet down capacity in advance, once we see the trends developing. 
Glen Hauenstein: Well I'll let Paul highlight the numbers, but clearly the hit to revenue was primarily based and almost solely based on the depreciation of the currency. And so you know that's a pretty dramatic, more than 50% of the revenues in the joint venture we have with Virgin come as point of origin UK and are denominated in pounds, so when you have a big currency moves like that there's a dramatic change in the revenue profile.  Interestingly enough, we have not seen a lot of demand destruction, so that's the positive part. And we'll see how the winter, we're taking a very cautious approach with capacity into the UK, targeting it down in the mid single digits. Hopefully that will mitigate some of the drag we have from the currency. 
Glen Hauenstein: We had gotten some very complicated pricing strategies in place that were becoming very difficult for us to manage in a simplified fare environment and so we went to a much more, much higher reliance on revenue management and a little bit less reliance on the pricing structure. We're trying achieve pricing structure advantages. So that was all an internal, I couldn't tell you how our competitors reacted to that. I don't even know if they've seen it. 
Glen Hauenstein: A significant number of major corporations in the United States. How's that? I'm getting some counsel here watching the political debate go on, in what to say and what not to say.
Glen Hauenstein: Could I add one thing, I think the one thing that would give us a lot of confidence, we do see a lot of green shoots like we saw in Latin and the domestic arena. And really if you look back at history, significantly lower fuel ultimately translates into lower fares. That's kind of a very high correlation over a long period of time, higher fuel turns into higher fares. The exact lag can vary, but it's usually in the 3 to 5 month category and as Paul says, we're facing higher fuel. And so we would expect seeing what we're seeing in the events and what we know, based on history of how long it takes for that to work its way back into the pricing structure, that it is right around the corner, we feel. 
Glen Hauenstein: No, that's not the way it works. It's our reported unit revenues and then it goes into a different line item that's not in the reported unit revenues, (technical difficulty) key benefits. 
Glen Hauenstein: Yes, particularly October we'll be at the low end of the spectrum, actually below the quarterly guidance. November will be significantly above and December and January together, December will be significantly worse and January will be significantly better, as a lot of the holiday returns shift into the first couple of weeks of January. 
Glen Hauenstein: This is the original plan for 2017. The planning season, we're just coming to the end of budget season or the beginning of budget season here and that's the template that we put out to the operating group. 
Glen Hauenstein: Well, the difference is the yields on close-in bookings. Yields in close-in booking volumes have significantly improved from where they were just six or eight weeks ago. And so as we went through the month, inside the month we were losing 3 to 4 points of unit revenues [indiscernible] and we get to a month say even, we would close the month minus 3% to 4% domestically. That number has significantly reduced. Now it's flat to minus 1% inside the month and so you see those trends sequentially and derivatively being improved week over week and month over month. So those trends continue to develop the way they have been, we see that that close-in inside the month would shift into positive territory the next few weeks and months here. 
Glen Hauenstein: Minus 2.5% was significantly better than we had been doing and our expectations were that it would be slightly better than that, but it did in our -- missed flattish by a point or two. It's very difficult to call an industry where 40% of your revenues come inside of 30 days and so that's one of the reasons I think that there's a lot of speculation is, can we get it done? And I think all we can tell you is the trends that we see and the trends that we see continue to improve and with those improving trends you would expect us to be and the macro backdrop of higher fuel as Ed points out, there seems to be everything lining up here for us to move beyond the minus 2.5% to a more flattish and then into positive territory as we close the year out. 
Glen Hauenstein: I think that the fares that we're realizing inside of 21 days are improving generally and the question is they are improving at different rates, corporate managed versus unmanaged and I think they are at slightly different rates, with managed being slightly below unmanaged. But the general trends are that inside the month now, we're seeing a more robust fare. 
Glen Hauenstein: I think we have to look at our entire service offering and ensure that we're supplying what the market wants to buy. I think what we know is Delta has a very, very strong brand and much stronger than some of the ULCCs and that people would prefer to fly with us than they would on some of the unknown non-brand names. But in many cases we don't have similar configuration, mixes, product offerings and I think that's where we're going to be looking.  You don't need to create an airline within airline, you just need to adjust to what people want to buy in the marketplace. And the closer we can get to what our customers want to buy in every sector, the more successful we're going to be and Transatlantic is no exception to the rule. 
Glen Hauenstein: It includes all kinds of fare products, it includes cabins we don't have today and I think that's the exercise we're going through is to see what do people really want to buy and what are they paying for it and how do we capitalize on moving, not providing something that Delta wants to provide, but providing something customers want to buy. 
Paul Jacobson: Yes, Mike it is. We've said on previous calls that we expect the full year refinery loss to be about $100 million. We're still in that range, even with the movement in prices, cracks have remained relatively consistent through this move up in crude. 
Paul Jacobson: David, good morning and first of all welcome to the sector. As Ed mentioned, we'll have more detail on 2017, but as we've talked about in our long term plans that we typically update in the May time frame, long term we're still committed to the 2% non-fuel CASM growth for the future. Or lower. 
Paul Jacobson: Certainly as what we articulated in our comments before the Q&A, the operating margin pressure that we see from fuel, from costs, etcetera is driving the continued urgency and challenges to get RASM higher. That's a prime focus irrespective of what we do in the cost structure overall. But we'll get into the 2017 and longer term as we talk about it at Investor Day in December. 
Paul Jacobson: I will agree with you that the market has not expressed confidence in a lot of things that we're doing in the short term. We remain confident in our targets and our long term goals of what we're trying to achieve. We're talking about margin sustainability. We're talking about taking those steps to get there. We've known for a while now that fuel prices were trending higher and as we've talked about for multiple quarters, we're here. And that is fully expected and we believe the steps that we're taking are the necessary ones to preserve the foundation that we've created. 
Paul Jacobson: So the Aeromexico, once that deal closes, assuming we get all the regulatory approvals and move forward which we expect will look a lot like the Virgin Atlantic accounting, so we'll have a piece of the joint venture that will flow through revenues and then we'll have a share of income which will flow through non-op. 
Paul Jacobson: Yes, we're still largely on track as Ed talked about. We gave those numbers and figures back in May just a few months ago. We always project for higher fuel prices and we still feel good about our cash flow performance. 
Paul Jacobson: Sure, Julie, we can go into more detail at Investor Day, but as a reminder we're still in the middle innings of our upgauging strategy and we expect to continue to get those benefits in 2017 and beyond. That serves as the foundation, but we can get more specific on productivity initiatives and how we achieve those results tactically as we go through Investor Day in December. 
Paul Jacobson: As Ed mentioned we'll provide more details on 2017 at Investor Day, but we're still consistent with what we shared a few months ago. 
