Jill Greer: Thanks, Cindy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on our June quarter call. Joining us from Atlanta today are Richard Anderson, Delta's CEO; Ed Bastian, our President; Hank Halter, our CFO; Glen Hauenstein, our EVP of Network & Revenue Management; Steve Gorman, our Chief Operating Officer; Mike Campbell, our EVP of HR and Labor Relations; Paul Jacobson, our Treasurer; and Ben Hirst, our general counsel.  Richard, Ed and Hank will open the call with remarks on the quarter's performance and we'll then move to the Q&A session. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourselves to 2 questions.  Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll discuss non-GAAP financial measures today. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted, and you can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at delta.com.  And with that, I will turn the call over to Richard.
Jill Greer: Thank you, Richard and Hank. We are now ready for questions from the analysts. Cynthia, if you could please review the process for asking a question. And again, we ask everyone to limit themselves to 2 questions during the Q&A.
Jill Greer: Thanks, everybody. That is going to wrap up our June quarter call. Thanks for joining us and thanks for the entire team here in Atlanta. And we look forward to speaking to everybody again on our October call.
Richard Anderson: Thank you. We reported $366 million profit for the June quarter with $1 billion higher fuel expense and a 7% operating margin. The strength of our strategic plan and the dedication of our employees are evident in this performance in that we produced solid profit in the face of a steep challenge from higher fuel prices. We appreciate the hard work of our people.  We had solid revenue performance for the quarter, growing the top line by 12% and generating a revenue premium to the industry. We believe the high-fuel environment is here to stay and the permanency of that condition must be a reality for Delta. While revenue gains offset 70% of our total cost increase, we must increase revenues, make further capacity reductions and nonfuel cost reductions, continue to be very disciplined about capital spending, and continue our march toward $10 billion in net debt.  First, our primary means of recovering fuel increase is should be through higher revenues. Our prices at delta have to reflect the cost of goods sold. We built good revenue momentum from our revenue initiatives, corporate contract gains, and revenues from new products and services.  Second, we've got to reduce capacity in markets where revenue has not kept pace with rising fuel costs. There are some markets, including a number of small markets we serve, that simply are not profitable at these fuel prices that at capacity will exit permanently.  Previously, our December quarter capacity plan has been a 4-point reduction given the economic uncertainty. We believe it prudent to reduce capacity further as a hedge against the economy and higher fuel prices. Therefore, our fourth quarter capacity will be down 4% to 5% versus last year and down 20% versus the summer schedule.  In the trans-Atlantic, we saw the weakest revenue performance last winter. Delta and our JV partners, who represent 1/3 of the capacity across the Atlantic, established our winter capacity levels as a single entity, leading to a combined 7% to 9% reduction in the December quarter.  Third, we're committed to bring in our nonfuel CASM down to 2010 levels by the end of the year. With our fall capacity reduction, we will resize the airline's new flying levels and reduce the size of our fleet staff and facilities. We will retire 140 of our least efficient aircraft by the end of 2012, with half leaving the fleet this year. 2,000 employees elected to participate in voluntary exit programs. Those exits will begin when we begin pulling down flying in September and be completed by the end of the year. We're consolidating facilities in Atlanta, Minneapolis, Cincinnati and Memphis that will reduce our facilities' footprint by 1.2 million square feet.  Finally, we will hit our $7 billion debt reduction target to get to $10 billion in net debt. We generated $700 million of free cash flow this quarter and reduced our adjusted net debt to $13.8 billion. In 18 months, we've used our cash flow to reduce our net debt by over $3 billion and making modest but prudent investments in our fleet product facilities and technology.  We will hold our capital spending to $1.2 billion this year, including all airplane acquisitions, and we'll hold to that number for the foreseeable future. Our goal is to consistently generate a 10% return on invested capital. We have the right foundation in place, generating an 8.5% return on invested capital for the last 12 months with more than $2 billion of fuel increases during that time.  We are pleased with the actions. We know we have a lot more to do, and we are determined to fix the business for our owners.  With that, I'll turn it over to Ed.
Richard Anderson: Jamie, we obviously have a pretty conservative view given our focus on our net debt reductions. So whatever efforts we make in that regard have got to take into account our delevering initiatives and proper use of our free cash flow. So when we think about those airplanes, one, it's replacement capacity. Number two, it's the intersection of where the cash flows are more positive. We saw pressure in this quarter from maintenance expenses and we have a significant opportunity to take airplanes that are almost 30 years old that have very significant cash requirements to maintain. And so what you have to do, it's almost a shell-by-shell analysis of can you improve the P&L and the cash flow by taking a new airplane. Our bias is much more toward owning airplanes, not leasing airplanes, because I think the only way you ultimately get a payback on an airplane is to own it for 30 years. It's a long-lived asset and you don't want to have the residual value belonging to somebody else. So our view is a very conservative view of that, and we're not going to destroy value by doing that. We actually think that if we are modest in the number of airplanes that in fact, we can improve our P&L with it. And if we can't improve our P&L with it, we're not going to do it.
Richard Anderson: But let me be crystal clear about it, because I think this is important for our shareholders. We're not buying shiny objects here. Our goal here is to improve the P&L with a modest order of airplanes because if you look at the MMNR [ph] line, with 30- to 35-year-old airplanes have higher maintenance costs. If you can take down the maintenance cost and have more efficient operations, you improve CASM. And if you stay within our march to get to $10 billion in net debt, you will actually improve the P&L of the airline if you integrate the airplanes the right way and take out much higher cost airplanes. And it really is conditioned upon owning the airplane and not leasing the airplane.
Richard Anderson: We -- it's a fair question, Gary, and certainly, it's the balance that we need to maintain. We are running a wonderful operation in our summer stats certainly for the month of June, led any of our network peers. I think there were levels of investment that have been made over the last year to finish out the integration of the 2 airlines. And now that we have a full year of operating performance under our belt and we know what it takes to run and get back to running a great operation. I think we can go through and surgically pull out some of the buffer and some of the cost that got built in. I will tell you a good chunk of the savings we anticipate are in the maintenance area. And that is -- it was much more of a catch-up nature in terms of volumes and some return to service cost than anything that's going to affect our go-forward maintenance reliability program. So we're confident we can get there.
Richard Anderson: Glenn, this is Richard. Just a little more color on that. One, we're taking a number of older airplanes and retiring the airplanes. So the DC9s are going to be retired and we have some 75s that are going to be retired. So the cost on higher maintenance airplanes are going to be out permanently. And then second, we still have some integration costs that we're absorbing. Obviously, at the end of 2010, we stopped any separate call out on integration costs. But we still have a fair amount of integration work going on that's flowing through the P&L, but it will be done in 1Q '12.
Richard Anderson: In the second quarter, our cargo revenues are up strongly as you can see. We did have a reduction in baggage fees. Our baggage fee revenues were down $30 million in the quarter. Some of that is our new American Express program, some of that is waivers on our Elites, and some are just volume. However, other ancillary revenues are offsetting a large part of that. So net-net, the second quarter, I'd say, our ancillaries were close to flat but we anticipate starting to grow that stream again as we get into the new e-commerce and merchandising activities that we've been talking about.
Richard Anderson: Corporate travel revenues are doing well. We're up 24% first half of the year over last half. Our share goals continue to improve.
Richard Anderson: Kevin, obviously fuel prices have increased. Since we last gave guidance, we took a snapshot based on current markets. Our revenues are going to be in the high single digits for the September quarter. So I'm not sure what's in your model but that's leading to it.
Richard Anderson: Well, I think, Kevin, it has to do with the value that's created by those travel sites. So we've taken a number of steps in our strategy. One, very significant investments in delta.com to make it much more functional, much more easy to use. And we've seen about 400 basis point improvement in our share. Second, we -- our view on OTA is fairly straightforward. We've terminated 21 small OTAs. And our strategy really is to control our content, both with respect to combinability and scheduled display criteria, so that we make certain that our schedules are accurately displayed and that there's no combinability. We've signed a fair logic agreement and we've removed OTA links from meta-search sites so meta-search sites can only be linked to delta.com. So when a meta-search completes, it has to come to delta.com or we won't maintain our relationship. And ultimately, if our fair rules are followed and our display and content rules are followed by OTAs, then the only question is their fees have got to be similar to what it would cost us to distribute directly on delta.com. So it's a pretty straightforward strategy. I just don't think it's a practical matter. Well, the OTAs are a good partner and we want to work with them. It's important that you add value in that chain. And I just, there's -- that OTA distribution has turned into a more of a commodity than a value add for consumers. And I think that's where our delta.com strategy gives us an advantage.
Richard Anderson: Well, you got a pretty straightforward answer at our Investor Day last December, you'll recall. First, the slot swap transaction that we got tentative approval of with U.S. Air is a really important step in making the industry or making Delta more viable. And I said at Investors -- at our Investor Day last December, I recall, saying that the industry is probably 3/4 of the way there in terms of having a profile that will give a return on capital. The biggest pressure is fuel prices. Our fuel prices, when you look at where crack spreads are these days per WTI, we're -- the fuel prices are very high and that's going to continue to put pressure on Delta. And we're determined to continue to have free cash flow to put on our balance sheet. So we're determined that we're going to figure out and continue to make progress in figuring out how to have return for our shareholders.
Richard Anderson: Well, we're still focused on the debt reduction because the debt reduction is important for our non-op expense. And we still have -- we had to ride in. I think our merger write up on debt was $1.8 billion. So we're still carrying a lot of non-op, some of it is noncash, but it's very accretive to our shareholders to continue to pay that down. Obviously, we want our stock price to go up and we think that's the best lever to get it up. But given where our debt ratios are, the capital priority needs to be to delever the balance sheet.
Richard Anderson: I may have Glen speak specifically to your latter point, but we are just really focused on free cash flow. And while I can't speak and won't speak to what anybody else does, we know what our flat profitably system shows at these fuel prices. And if you assume that these fuel prices are here to stay, we have made a decision within Delta that those kinds of market shares at cash flow off levels are not good for our shareholders. So we're very focused on being certain that the flying we do is -- creates positive cash flow. It's that simple. And I can't -- I won't -- we're going to act unilaterally at Delta to do what we need to do, to make sure we're successful.
Richard Anderson: Well, set aside those capacity issues. Just as a basic point, even the U.S. government is on the side of the U.S. industry to stop the ETS trading scheme. One, it's a patchwork. And our position at the Air Transport Association and we have a position paper on this is that you -- because this is a global business, you can't have a patchwork of emission regulation around the world because the airplanes flow all around, over different continents in a 24- to 48-hour period. So you need a consistent approach. And number two, that's just an additional cost. And we're trying to, as we said earlier in our call, we're working very hard to manage our costs. And when you add those kinds of fees, particularly given that this industry probably has the best track record for fuel efficiency of -- we've matched ourselves against any industry. If you look over the past 30 years, this industry has done a phenomenal job. We probably have almost 100% improvement in fuel efficiency in the last 30 years. We're taking the equivalent of 18 million cars off the road. So bottom line is, don't add unnecessary costs on the environmental side that create an incomplete patchwork of regulation around the world for an industry that has, by far, the very best environmental track record.
Richard Anderson: What we don't want to happen is to have our brand header at the top of a product that is not a Delta product. So several of the OTAs in previous [ph] were selling under the Delta header, a combination ticket where Delta was not the exclusive carrier. And we do not want that to be represented to our customers because then we could say, taking Delta from here, to Denver or to Bangkok. And then thought you purchased a Delta ticket and you realize that you're interlining with a carrier and then we won't be responsible for the entire carrier. If you know most of the OTAs has -- have mixed carrier itinerary. Somehow that [ph] into whoever the first carrier was, was the branded carrier wrong product. And so we did not want that to occur so we terminated that ability of the OTAs to continue to sell non-Delta flights on Delta.
Richard Anderson: We don't have that number in front of us, Dwayne. We can get back to you with the exact number. Obviously, we got a little bit of a benefit but it was in the 1.1 to 2 points. But we'll give you the exact number.
Richard Anderson: Mary Jane, we haven't loaded the schedules yet. It's going to be a little bit from both regions across the trans-Atlantic, as well as a little bit domestically.
Richard Anderson: Well, actually, we have planned to expand into Japan this year, with the opening of the Haneda and the 2 new markets from Detroit and Los Angeles. No good details on [ph]. We didn't foresee the tragic events at 3/11 and the ensuing decline in traffic when we applied for those routes over a year ago. And Japan had been a very strong market for us. Now the good news is the Japanese are continuing to travel and the bad news is that the Americans have not yet started traveling in the same numbers back, and that's a slow and steady build. But what we are experiencing in the Airline business right now is a little -- this equilibrium in -- with the Haneda opening and the earthquake combining together, we're a little bit behind in terms of demand from the United States, not from Japan. And we believe that, that will continue at the current rates and will continue to build larger historic levels by the fourth quarter. So we're pretty optimistic about where Japan is headed for next year and we think that the reconstruction of the Northern Japan will take a lot of resources and a lot of investment and a lot of that will come from U.S. companies and U.S. travelers.
Hank Halter: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone. Turning to cost performance for the June quarter, operating expenses for the quarter increased $1.3 billion or 18% on a 2.5% increase in capacity. Fuel cost per gallon is up 39%, contributing to $1 billion in higher fuel expense. Excluding fuel, the consolidated unit cost were up 4.8% due to maintenance volumes and higher revenue-related expenses, and nonoperating expense decreased $111 million or 29% versus prior year due in part to our delevering strategy.  Looking to the September quarter cost performance, we anticipate September quarter nonfuel unit cost to be up 2% to 4% from prior year. As Richard mentioned, we've begun a series of initiatives designed to bring our nonfuel unit cost flat by the end of this year. To accomplish this, we'll take out all the costs associated with our capacity reduction and then implement a series of initiatives to reduce costs further. As part of these initiatives, we are expecting significant maintenance savings from our aircraft retirements.  Retiring these maintenance-intensive aircraft will generate $250 million in maintenance savings for the second half of 2011 as compared to the first 6 months of this year. In addition, we're consolidating facilities as well as reducing our headcount by more than 2,000 through voluntary programs. We're also lowering selling and distribution costs by shifting to a more efficient distribution system, including a 4-point increase in delta.com share of bookings. We currently sell 37% of all tickets through delta.com, making it our largest distribution channel and significantly larger than all online travel agencies combined.  With our merger integration completed, we will further reduce discretionary and overhead cost to ensure that we're running the most cost-efficient company that we can. These initiatives, which target both fixed and variable costs, will bring down our nonfuel unit cost to 2010 levels by the end of this year. Delta has a long history of having the lowest unit cost of all legacy carriers and we intend to maintain that advantage.  In addition to reducing our operating expenses, we're also prudently managing our capital spending. Our capital spending will be $250 million in the September quarter and $1.2 billion for the full year.  With regard to fuel and hedging, our consolidated all-in fuel price was $3.22 per gallon for the June quarter, up $0.90 from prior year. During the June quarter, we hedged 54% of our fuel consumption, which resulted in $118 million of net gains for the quarter. For the remainder of the year, we've hedged 49% of our consumption. As of Friday's forward curve, these positions are worth $225 million net of premiums. We're anticipating that our all-in fuel price will be $3.20 per gallon for the September quarter and $3.31 per gallon for the December quarter.  And with regard to our debt reduction program, as of June 30, our adjusted net debt was $13.8 billion, a $700 million reduction from the end of the March quarter. We have now completed $3.2 billion of our stated $7 billion debt reduction goal while making important investments in our fleet, products and facilities.  I'd like to thank the Delta team for their great work this quarter. Throughout the entire operation, our employees pulled together to run a safe, clean and on-time operation while generating double-digit unit revenue improvements. And I'm confident that we will continue to build on our successes in the quarters to come.
Hank Halter: Dan, I don't have the numbers right in front of me. We can get back to you with the details. It was not a significant amount of debt extinguishment in its current quarter. On a run-rate basis, we're anticipating that we're going to be -- we've already generated close to $200 million of go-forward P&L savings on our early debt extinguishment program, but we can get you the details on the specific quarter.
Hank Halter: Well, I mean, obviously, there's some of both, right, because we are continuing to seasonalize our schedule. Our fourth quarter flying levels are going to be down 20% in total from where they were during the summer. So there's going to be a little bit more of that. But I'd say, we're more than that. They are going to be permanent in nature and it's adjusted to this higher fuel level. And as we look to the end of the year, we anticipate fuel levels are probably going to rise from today's levels.
Hank Halter: May came in a little stronger than that. It came in closer to 14 and June is in the range that we're seeing for July in the 9 to 10 range.
Hank Halter: The run rates you'll see in the second half of the year, Glenn, are going to be down about $250 million, I believe, from the first half of the year. And while again, there is a seasonality to maintenance because we deal a little bit more in the shoulder periods. That run rate, you should expect to see that run rate of about $250 million of savings continue into 2012.
Hank Halter: Well, there's, I wouldn't say a full $250 million repeated again in the first half of the year, but certainly, our maintenance costs will come down in that level. So if you look at the second half of '11, you should see that balance to the second half of '12. And certainly, we'd expect some reductions in the first half of '12 as well.
Hank Halter: Well, Hunter, the MRO expense, as well as the expenses of similar businesses, has backed out of our CASM calculations when we show a consolidated non-fuel CASM that is excluded in both years. While we were up 4.8% in the June quarter, the initiatives are kicking in. And as we go forward, you'll see the non-fuel CASM up in the 2% to 4% range for the third quarter, and then as we said, will be flat by the end of 2011. So this is an unusual year because we have so many initiatives kicking in that causes the change. But overall, you should be modeling the reductions and again, making sure that your model is free of those year-over-year variances due to MRO and similar businesses.
Glen Hauenstein: Thanks, Richard. I think what we're looking for in the fall, and again just to give you a little bit more clarity on the revenue side, is we have about 2/3 of August both in end. August actually looks a little bit better for us going into the month than July did, realizing that we have about 1/3 of the revenue to go. And then in September when our first capacity cut started to hit, we do see a bump in the forward yields and the forward booking curves. So I think it's a slightly better than one-for-one trade that we're getting and we'll see as we get to September. Of course, it's very early to call September. We have 2/3 of our bookings still to go but the early indications are, that it's doing what we have anticipated and hoped for it to do.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, clearly, I think that our results in the industry show that we are in a relatively good competitive position. And so when you look at the bulk capacity tip, not only ours but those of the other carriers, I think that we are quite pleased just where we sit. I really don't want to go into specific geographies but all across our network I think we feel very good about our offering and the competitive offering that's around us.
Glen Hauenstein: This is Glen. Just to add a little commentary. I think one of the issues that we have in the industry is that the winter schedules have not been completely loaded yet. So if you look out into the November and December time period, our complete schedule is not loaded. It won't be loaded over the next several weeks here and we're hopeful -- and we know that Air France and KLM have not been loaded yet for that period either so we'll see where the capacity for the exact winter winds up. But when you say end markets with their historically, Delta, we don't see a lot of competitive incursions into what we would consider to be our core strength's markets in Europe. So if you ask specifics, we could probably deal with that offline.
Glen Hauenstein: We changed the rule. For mixed itineraries, we've changed the rules in which, for example, on a lot -- the pricing we did not appreciate were pricing that consumers would never buy so if you are going from Cleveland to Atlanta and you have 7 minutes between the time you arrive in Atlanta and departed back to Cleveland because of some arcane construction that they are making. We really clamped down on the ability of the OTAs to do that by putting more rules in place. They are more -- we are more customer friendly.
Glen Hauenstein: Clearly, one of the opportunities we have is to redistribute. And that's one of the things that the merger brought, the combined Delta and Northwest. And so we feel very comfortable that we will find good homes for those in other parts of the world until such time as they require back into Asia.
Glen Hauenstein: Some of them have been disclosed, some of them are work in progress. So I think that not knowing which ones have been public and which ones have not, I'd probably like to defer the entire question.
Glen Hauenstein: I think we are sticking with the previous plan. There's been really no change to our plan -- our announced plan in Memphis.
Richard B. Hirst: Well, the tax on passengers and on -- what the industry has done is simply to maintain prices at market-clearing levels. We're not quite sure what Senator Rockefeller is expecting the industry to do but we're not planning to do anything in response to it.
Richard B. Hirst: Bobby, this is Ben Hirst again. The DOT approved the transaction on July 21, and they called for comments within a 30-day period. The approval order was very thoroughly written and analyzed, well thought out. It establishes some divestiture conditions that are acceptable to Delta. And we would anticipate that shortly after the 30-day comment period closes, DOT will issue a final order confirming the show cause order issued on the 21st. At the same time, the transaction is being reviewed by the Justice Department under the Clayton Act. We do not see any Clayton Act problems with the transaction. And the Justice Department review process should be complete, at the latest, by the end of September. We would anticipate being in a position given the 2 reviews that are underway to close the transaction at the end of September or in October. But that's the timetable that we see playing out here.
Richard B. Hirst: This is Ben Hirst again. The issue on the FAA Bill was an essential air service. The Republicans insisted that as a condition of expending the FAA funding that 13 markets, which were pretty clearly able to function without subsidy, ceased to receive subsidy. There was no labor-related condition attached to that.
Richard B. Hirst: That's not really a -- that's really, at this stage, not a Delta issue. This is an issue between the Republicans and Democrats in Congress.
