Jill Sullivan Greer: Thanks Sherlon. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us for our June quarter call. Speaking on the call today will be Richard Anderson, Delta's CEO; Ed Bastian, our President; and Paul Jacobson our Chief Financial Officer. Richard will open the call and then Ed will address our financial and revenue performance, and Paul will conclude with a review of cost performance and cash flow. We have the entire leadership team here with us in the room for the Q&A session. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted. And you can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to Richard Anderson.
Jill Sullivan Greer: Thanks. Sherlon, that is going to conclude the prepared remarks and if we could move to the analysts Q&A and you could give them instructions on time to ask a question.
Jill Sullivan Greer: And that’s going conclude the analyst portion of the call I am now going to turn the call over to our new Chief Communications Officer, Kevin Shinkle for the news portion.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning John and thanks for your comments. It seems you’ve been working really hard on that. Upgauging is obviously a critical element of that and we're still in a relatively early to middle innings of that program. We'll continue to be retiring CRJ's 50 theaters through the end of 2015 which will continue that program in the upgauging benefit through 2016. But we are also spending a lot of time and effort, investing in productivity initiatives and technology that help streamline the things that we do, recognizing that this is part of that foundation that we need to provide for the future.
Paul Jacobson: Well, good morning Jamie. I would never deliberately, unintentionally even try to hurt your feelings, but….
Paul Jacobson: The changes in the insurance market that we anticipate over the next year are probably not material to the overall performance of the company but a couple of things I think worth noting. One, we're actually getting sizeable year-over-year improvements in our insurance premium as we reshape our portfolio with a lower risk balance sheet and the entity that we’ve created being able to take on a little bit more retentions and using that leverage in the marketplace. Secondly, we also during the quarter opted out of the FA war risk program and it went back into the commercial programs and have realized significant savings on a year-over-year basis. So while the market might be challenged during the renewal periods, I think some of the structures and some of the initiatives that we've taken will help to mitigate that but either way, we don't think it will be material.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Joe. We leased the tanker over the quarter that is going to help to increase our ability to source domestic crude for the refinery. And I think CapEx is generally inline with what we talked about when we acquired the plant at $50 million to $100 million a year in terms of annual CapEx upkeep et cetera. But I think when you look at the overall sourcing strategy, it's imperative that we get increasing access to domestic crude especially in declining crack spread environments, which by the way is the ideal scenario for us as a large consumer of jet fuel.
Richard Anderson: No, we are very objective evaluators of airplanes and we'll continue to be very objective evaluators of airplanes. We've done three RFPs over the last three to four years. Boeing did a very nice job on the 737-900 ER campaign with GE and then the last two campaigns we did which were smaller the A321 with the CFM56 prevailed. So it all comes down to economics and [Ned Peiper] and Paul Jacobson and the team do a phenomenal job. I think we get the best prices on airplanes in the world. And we're going to continue to be very opportunistic and be certain that we're buying proven technology that will give us the kind of returns on invested capital that our shareholders demand.
Richard Anderson: Well we have add a trust community and these relationships go back decades. And Ed should probably give even more color, he is sort of more day-to-day than I am in all of these.
Richard Anderson: Well, Dan on your first question with respect the corporate I think Glen maybe answer the FX question. Think about it, I'll answering but we can work on answer to that. Maybe he can answer and we will get back to you that.
Richard Anderson: On the corporate volumes clearly Virgin has been a big assist with respect to our being able to get a stronger foothold into the lucrative JFK Heathrow marketplace particularly with the financial service providers and we continue to see very strong growth in New York. I think I mentioned on the call double digit RASM gains on top of a capacity growth that we have been implementing. With respect to Continental Europe obviously those are much more establish relationships and we are seeing good growth in Amsterdam and Paris on the corporate side as well and Rome for that matter. But it’s not nearly at the level of growth and development as we are seeing in London.
Richard Anderson: Let me go ahead. I mean when you stop and think about how our JV works in the EU, the euro versus the dollar because of how the joint venture works we have a natural hedge because Air France-KLM, Alitalia are euro denominated. So unlike the Pacific where we do hedge the yen very profitably we don’t the yen in euro because we have a natural hedge with our joint venture partners.
Richard Anderson: And one other point Dan on the FX, these are two areas, I don't think Europe was a big mover for us in the quarter. But the two areas of FX where we did see big impacts one is Japan obviously and we already commented about the RASM decline, we are seeing in the Pacific driven by the yen's weakness, while we do have a good hedge it is still not a 100% effective. And the other one is Venezuela, where we're taking capacity steps to reduce our exposure to Venezuela given the inability to access the bolivars in the country. And those capacity steps will result in about a 3 point hit to a LatAm RASMS in the third quarter.
Richard Anderson: We have an incredible track record working with our colleagues at ALPA. And if you just look at the track record over the last 10 years, it’s been just phenomenal. And we expect it to continue to be that way. So if you look at what we’ve been doing in the business we’ve really taken the labor risk totally off the table at Delta. And our employees are fully engaged in they are delivering a great product. And that's one of the key de-risking events that we've undertaken at Delta that’s unique to the company. And we’re not -- it’s one of the most valuable things we have and that relationship is very important to us. And we will continue unabated on the track that we’ve been on for a decade.
Richard Anderson: We’re not going to get into, Jamie, the details of how those conversations go. Those are internal conversations. I would only note that the last time around with our pilots, Ed, what we…
Richard Anderson: Yes. We do have opportunities in the Pacific. I think we’ve some great experience that we can attain and take from both the trans-Atlantic as well as what we are doing in Mexico and Brazil and apply to some of our Pacific relationships. Clearly Korea is one that we have had a challenge over the last several years in developing a JV construct and some improved revenue and commercial sharing initiatives. I am cautiously optimistic that we can make some progress as we look forward to the next couple of years with Korean and then in addition beyond that much longer-term is China.
Richard Anderson: Yes, you should expect to see the profitability of Virgin Atlantic improve. For 2014 current year, they are expect to post a small profit but don’t forget two years ago when we acquired our 49% stake, they were losing -- it was well over $100 million a year at that point in time. So they have done a nice job of cutting the losses and starting to build some profitability and margin improvement. As we look to the next two years, the fleet changes are making with the 787s are going to help but also the relationship with Delta and our ability to drive increased levels of U.S. share into London and throughout the UK is also going to help them a lot.
Richard Anderson: We, it's tough to give a longer term outlook on industry revenues and RASM, all I know is that at Delta we have a conservable pipeline of initiatives for improvement that we have been investing in, and customers really appreciate first and foremost the quality of the service and reliability of the product that our employees deliver. We've got great opportunities as we look to London particularly and the Virgin relationship will take easily another couple of years to ramp up to expectations and we're making great progress there. And I also think down in Latin America with both Aeromexico and GOL in Brazil, those are very young relationships, that still have a lot of growth opportunity. We're very well positioned in the high growth markets of the world when you think about where we sit both in Asia as well as in Brazil and Mexico and certainly one that which is the cornerstone of U.S. travel to London. So I think the product and service offerings are going to drive the determination on the customer side of where the industry revenues goal and I feel very good about our performance at Delta to continue to deliver on their expectations.
Richard Anderson: Well, I think it’s a first line principal we support Open Skies as a general principal. And overall just like any trade agreement Open Trade Agreements are a good idea. But then there is going to be a subset of just like in steel or beef or any other industry there is going to be a subset of bilaterals that need equity. In other words, the challenge that we have in some of these instances as an industry is that yes, our negotiators have not done a very good job in the United States. And what we need to be able to do is on a bilateral basis one agreement at a time, make sure that there is parity and equity between the parties, particularly where you have we don’t compete against airlines, we compete against governments. So when Delta is competing against a government, we need to make sure that there is equity in that relationship as part of an Open Skies agreement.
Richard Anderson: Hi, good morning Savi. Thanks for the question. A lot of that has to do with the crack spreads environment particularly been hit hard this year been distillates crack which is actually the great thing for Delta, because we're exposed to 95 million barrels a year on distillates crack that the airline. So when crack spreads decline and we see that performance at a breakeven level particularly with relatively strong gas cracks from time-to-time then we're actually pretty happy from that result. The important thing for our strategy is to continue to lower the overall input costs for the plant through domestic crudes. So that we can help to create that cushion in a low distillate crack environment where we can make a little bit money at the refinery while also enjoying the full benefits lower crack spreads at the airline.
Richard Anderson: And Susan, this is Richard. We make those decisions independent of the FAA, we make the decisions that Gil made yesterday was well before we heard anything from the FAA, because a Hamas missile lands a mile from the airport on the north side where we approach on final in a 747. So, we're going to make those decisions wholly independent. We appreciate the advising concern and the intelligence we get. But we have a duty and an obligation above and beyond that to independently make the right decision to our employees and passengers.
Richard Anderson: And we would absolutely respect that. But even if they lift the NO TAM we still may not go in depending upon what the facts and circumstances are.
Richard Anderson: Well, I mean a lot of this is information that is not public between Delta and the government. So I don't want to speculate on that publicly and I want to respect our information sources and the cooperation we have with DHS and FAA. But the bottom line is, we need to make sure that we're discharging our safety obligations to our customers and employees and we make those decisions here at Delta all the time on an independent basis. So, we'll evaluate the information we have and we'll make the judgment that our passengers and employees are allowing us to make for them every day.
Richard Anderson: No, we do our -- we have an obligation to make our own risk assessments under our SMS program and we have a broad and deep security network around the world. We have security directors that work for Delta in all the regions of the world. And we have a very sophisticated capability and methodology to manage these kinds of risks whether it is this or volcano or hurricane that's what we do well.
Richard Anderson: We have good cooperation with governments around the world and good cooperation with our government sector jobs in the homeland security, Mike reported at the FAA. All the agencies here in Atlanta. They are very helpful and they work very hard to make the right decision.
Richard Anderson: Yes. We have a very dynamic process 24/7 security desk and we are always taking information from various sources and conservatively planning the airline and we make those kinds of changes regularly in our operation center just like we got up yesterday morning you will make the decision to turn (inaudible) fly it around because of the Hamas Rocket.
Glen Hauenstein: We've been very pleased with the RASM results given the fact that we are continuing to upgauge the airline and embedded within the result for the quarter was about seven-tenth of a point of what we call headwinds that would be structural based on the actual upguage of the airline and we’ve been able to more than offset that by posting our unit revenue increase that was in excess of what the industry did. So I think it’s the great products combined with the great people and the great services we’re offering just creating a demand that’s in excess of what we’re offering in a marketplace and allowing us to continue that upgauge without seeing revenue deterioration.
Glen Hauenstein: Okay. And if I might add something about our transition of our trans-Atlantic over the last several years. I think this quarter is very important but when you look back it’s even more important to see where we have come as an airline. If you think about Delta many years ago there was a big reason not to invest in Delta and the trans-Atlantic because London represents 35% of all the business traffic from the U.S. to Europe and we had no access to it through open skies, but then through the creativity of the management team to go ahead and create a joint venture with Virgin we have the number two position in the U.S. and the UK. And we've made incredible gains on that. And really we think there is a great opportunity for us to continue to build with Virgin as we move forward, using the best of both brands. So if you take our network to Europe what it was several years ago, primarily U.S. to points in Europe that really didn't have a lot of business traffic. And you look at the concentration of our network today heavily centered on a big business centers in Europe.
Glen Hauenstein: Good, thank you. I think it’s a combination of bunch of factors. And one of them clearly is that we’re running such a great airline here in Atlanta with the leading (inaudible) performance, with baggage performance and customers are choosing us and they’re choosing us where the competitor set that’s existed in Atlanta for the last 30 or 40 years. So we’re really, really pleased with our share numbers, our share business traffic. But Atlanta is also starting to grow and that’s a good thing for Delta. And so seeing when our economy turnaround and seeing the job creation that’s occurring here, it’s really benefiting us as well. So it’s a combination of higher share of the premium traffic out of Atlanta and a combination of Atlanta starting to grow again. And that’s great news for Delta and great news for everybody who lives here.
Ed Bastian: Hi David. We particularly with Air France scale I mean I’ll tell you our JV is predicated on a 50-50 sharing on capacity and there are some years that we maybe a little bit below or little bit above that benchmark but that’s a key governor on the capacity decision. So of course there is always some tension as to which entity will do the flying and what the economic prospects are for the trans-Atlantic versus other opportunities elsewhere in the world. But I think we’ve proven over the last number of years that we are the most disciplined JV out there and that we’re also the most profitable JV out there and that success breathe a very good platform for future profitable returns particularly in the trans-Atlantic. The other thing I would add to that is these are highly integrated, we don't have all of the -- all our employees are basically AFKL employees in Europe and we run their operation here, they run yield management pricing in Europe at Amsterdam and we run for all the metal out of the U.S., I mean that can keep going down the list, but it really is single run. You got to think of it as running as a single airline. Even though there are a different colored, different painted to the airplanes in the JV.
Ed Bastian: We did restructure the profit sharing arrangement two years ago. And I think as we look forward to that, we’ve got a number of things that we can work with to help fund some of the heightened expectations but we’re not, as Richard said, we’re not going to share those details on the call.
Ed Bastian: It impacted the entire sector; if you look at the recent A4A data for the month of June that came out, Latin unit revenues were down considerably I think it fell 5% Duane if I am not mistaken for the entire sector. So, it was part of the softness near the end of June. We’re pleased to say though that we do see the demand starting pick back up again. And we have a pretty good outlook relative to the fall for heading into particularly in some of the Central and South American countries.
Ed Bastian: We like to stay completely off of future pricing discussions on these earnings calls. So we're going to differ answering that question.
Ed Bastian: Once again, in the legal business we have something called, a term called asked and answered. And I think it’s been asked and answered. And this would be better off that we not discuss that.
Ed Bastian: And just on that point, where you can get, we can get domestic crude delivered to the refinery at $2 to $3 a barrel below So, it generates a lot of opportunity.
Ed Bastian: Yes, sure Darryl, I think you touched on it this is now our fourth consecutive quarter of non-fuel CASM less than 2% so the comps are getting a little bit more difficult, but at the same time we're accumulating more benefits from the updating. So I think we'll continue to have that momentum as we lap that cost performance, but there isn't really anything extraordinary or special I think it's just continuing down the initiative path.
Ed Bastian: It’s the winter I added so essentially November through March, covering basically the fourth and the first quarters. What it was previously it was probably twice of that.
Ed Bastian: Yes Savi, this is Ed clearly the relationships with Aeromexico and GOL are driving a very nice assistant support to our Latin franchise but we are seeing improvements across many parts of that sector and I expect it’s going to continue.
