Dan Janki: Thank you, Glen, and good morning to everyone. The September quarter demonstrated progress on our financial priorities to drive margin improvement and reduce debt. We reported a $1.5 billion operating profit, and that's on a margin of 11.6%, our second consecutive quarter with a double-digit operating margin. That is on a network that's 17% smaller than 2019. Our non-unit fuel costs were 22.5% higher, in line with guidance, excluding the impact of the hurricane on capacity. The refinery generated profit of $192 million partially offsetting the impact of volatile crack spreads. Gross CapEx spend was $1.5 billion as we took delivery of 11 aircraft, including five A321neos, which are generating margins approximately 10 points higher than the aircraft they're replacing. CapEx was lower than our guidance, with fewer delivery -- with a few delivery delays, and we now expect CapEx spend of $5.7 billion for the full year. We ended the quarter with $20.5 billion of adjusted net debt. We repaid $1.8 billion of debt during the quarter as we continue to manage down our maturities over the next several years. This brings our debt repayment to over $4 billion year-to-date, reducing our run rate interest expense and reflecting our continued focus on returning to investment-grade metrics by 2024. For the December quarter, we expect earnings to be between $1 and $1.25 per share and an operating margin of 9% to 11%. Fuel prices remain volatile. With the most recent move up last week, we expect fourth quarter adjusted fuel price per gallon between $3.35 and $3.55. This includes $105 million contribution from the refinery equating to a $0.23 per gallon benefit. We expect the December quarter unit cost to be 12% to 13% higher than 2019. This is a 10-point improvement sequentially and shows clear progress as capacity restoration increases from the low 80% to low 90%. It's taken significant resources to rebuild the airline with industry-leading reliability. We are nearing the final stages with the workforce now in line with 2019. From here, we expect further benefit from scale as we reach full network restoration and better utilization of our fleet, our hubs and our workforce. The incremental cost to restore additional capacity is low as the resources are already in place, reducing unit costs. As Glen noted, much of our growth next year will be in our lowest cost core hubs through increased mainline aircraft utilization. Approximately 75% of our domestic seat growth in 2023 will be in our core hubs, including 45% from Atlanta alone. Further, between inefficiencies and rebuild expenses, we are carrying over $1 billion of excess costs in 2022. With the teams in place and the operations running reliable, we are seeing early improvements in efficiency. October metrics are pacing ahead of September, and we expect to return to historic levels as elevated training and the network normalized next summer. Achieving scale while restoring efficiency are Delta's largest CASM levers, these are within our control based on the pace of restoration and running an operation in line with Delta's standard of excellence. We know managing cost down is the best protection from economic uncertainty, and it is a company-wide priority. We are making progress restoring our financial foundation with significant profitability and positive cash flow this year. As we fully restore our network and unit costs improve, we expect another step-up in earnings next year, resulting in meaningful cash flow to further reduce our debt on path to our long-term targets. We are confident in delivering a competitive cost structure and our 2024 mid-teen margin target. In closing, I want to recognize the Delta entire global team for the operational improvements they delivered over the past few months. We are on track for meaningful and well-deserved employee profit-sharing payments, and I look forward to celebrating with our employees in February. Now with that, I'll turn it back to Julie for Q& A.
Dan Janki: Okay. First, on the cost opportunity and the incremental costs associated with it. When you think about where we are this year in '22, we're 18 points higher on a unit cost basis versus '19. And in there, there's over nine points related to scale and the ability to put scale in going from 85% restored to being fully restored. That would go in at low incremental CASM in the $0.03 to $0.04 range. And then there's another five points related to -- I talked about over $1 billion related to the rebuild and inefficiencies. About half -- almost half of that is rebuilt. And when you think about that bucket, half of that is just the hiring and training intensity that we're under. And that will, as Ed talked about, as we put people back in production that will sunset. And then the other piece is split between elevated over time as we've protected the operation and also the reactivation of the fleet from that product that isn't normal run rate maintenance. So that's really where you get the 14 points of opportunity of the 18, but the incremental piece is at nine points, which is very attractive incremental growth at low CASM.
Dan Janki: Yes. It goes back to a little bit what I talked about earlier. When you think about sequentially year-over-year, we're up 18 points. So our confidence is as high as it relates to the 14 points that I talked about in an opportunity for clear improvement because of the capacity going in, 15 points alone drives over nine points of that. The other one I gave you a lot of color on it is regarding the rebuilt cost, and those will certainly sunset and dissipate as we complete the rebuild. And then I think the last one is the efficiency, which is the other half of that five-point, and we'll get that over time. That's about the proficient -- the workforce and our resources getting more effective It certainly is helped by the operational reliability that is foundational to that as that happens. And we see that the workforce will get the hours more aligned to the operations. And the underlying processes and efficiencies will come through.
Dan Janki: Yes, certainly. As it relates to the debt stack, 17% of our debt is variable, and the size of that relative to our cash position, our cash position to outsize. So as you have increasing rates, actually, interest income will outpace interest expense meaningful through that period of time. On the pension, you have both the -- when you think about it, rates reduce your liability, change your interest expense. Those are fairly neutral as you're going forward, certainly change in your asset returns versus your expected performance. And given how debt and -- the debt markets and equity markets have moved, we've underperformed the expected target rate. So you smooth those into earnings over a 20-year period, and then you earn off a lower rate. So that would create a headwind. As you think about going forward, we'll talk more about that in December. We had that stepping down somewhat, but not to the degree that it will. But interest expense is ahead. As we've been ahead on, on managing down our debt levels and ahead on that, our interest expense is coming in better, and our interest income will be better, which will be a partial offset to that.
Glen Hauenstein: Right. Well, we set really two priorities during the pandemic that we wanted to come through that we thought would be important for the long-term strength of the franchise, and one was to improve our competitive positions in the coastal gateways. And we've certainly completed that as we exited the pandemic and get into a more normalized demand sets. So if you look at places like Los Angeles where we've now taken the number one position or Boston in terms of revenue, same in Boston, and we've strengthened our position in key markets like Seattle. So that was very important for us. The other thing to do was to not lose share in our core, and that was really the very tricky part. So we went in with a share in our core hubs of about 58% to 59% when you added them all up. And our goal is to exit at 60% or above, and we did that as well. So if you think about our core being approximately 20 points less restored than the coastal gateways, which are now fully restored or actually growing, maintain your core hub share or actually increase it, there was a lot of focus on that through the revenue management systems. So we choked off what I would say is more of our traditional flow in very key markets where Delta has historically been the leading carrier, particularly in the Southeast. And so as we head into -- and these customers or our customers are in our loyalty program. But in a lot of cases, they couldn't get fares that were competitive on Delta because we didn't have the seats to produce those. And really, as we head into 2023, our task that we've assigned our team is to get those historical high-yield flow customers back on Delta. And that's really our -- what our rebuild phase for 2023 is all about.
Glen Hauenstein: Right. Well, clearly, the labor rates at the regional carriers have moved during the pandemic, and they're at significantly higher rates than they were pre-pandemic. I think long-term conventional wisdom is that will mean that the regional fleet in the long run are smaller. In the short run, we're wanting to get to a stabilization of demand for pilots, and we think that will occur sometime in '23. These new higher rates should keep more people in place. And so -- but we don't think it will be fully restored until probably '24, '25 at the earliest. And we're uniquely positioned there because we have the, of course, A220s, which we're delivering every month or so. And we've reactivated the 717s, which were actually not in our original plan for reactivation, but we've leaned on them pretty heavily to rebuild more quickly. And we think it's a better product. And now with the new labor rates, it's at lower unit cost as well as, yes, much lower unit cost than pre-pandemic. So I think we're uniquely positioned there with really the only major carrier that has these plethora of 100-seat airplanes. And we'll see what happens with the regionals in '23, but we think we're near the bottom in terms of pilot availability there.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. I think that's a great question, and I'm happy to explain it. Really, it's three main factors. One is international restoration continuing in 4Q as we -- as Pacific continues to open up, and we continue to increase our capacity in the Pacific that has downward pressure on RASM. Domestic stage is going up dramatically and at a different rate than some of our competitors and all of our competitors as we head into 4Q. That's really being driven by a lot of additional flying into Hawaii from the East Coast hubs that we didn't have pre-pandemic. And lastly, it's that period and the shift of the holiday return in December where December will be below trend, and January will be above trend. So those are the three main factors that are driving the sequential decline. And we're not seeing -- taking those out, we're not really seeing a decline at the market level. It's actually continuing to be quite strong, and we don't just see any impact yet. We're looking, of course, vigilant of looking for it, and we'll make adjustments as necessary if it does. But I think Ed was very clear earlier that we think that we have -- as an industry, very off trend in terms of our percent of GDP and just getting back to that represents a huge upside to the industry.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. I think we outlined at earlier conferences that we've seen about a 10-point improvement between 3Q and 4Q, and we see that continuing through 4Q. So, we're now in the low to mid-80s in terms of revenue, with traffic being about 10 points below that. And that's what we see as we head into the end of the year.
Glen Hauenstein: I think we're very, very confident in getting to 60% given that we've been less restored internationally, and internationally has actually a higher component of premium revenues and as well as the new fleets coming in and the continuation of growth at American Express and [indiscernible]. I think the one that we're not confident with right now is cargo for 2024. We've seen some lowering yields, but that's being more than offset by the international restoration. So I don't see that continuing to grow at double digits as we head into '24. But I think 60%, as you pointed out, was our aspirational target. As we get closer and closer to it, it looks like it's -- we may need to increase that as we get closer to '24.
Glen Hauenstein: On capacity, we are just going to continue to monitor it as we move forward. And each one -- each market is different. And when we look at it not at an aggregate level, but at a market level to ensure that our margins stay where we need them to be. And so I think that's our -- has been our approach historically. It's worked quite well. And our approach moving forward is that it's a ctually a very granular thing. And what we've seen is demand has come back very different in 2022 than it left in 2019, although the aggregates are now above where we were in '19, where people are flying and why they're flying is very different. And so that's where we're going to continue to focus on, seeing opportunities and capitalizing them in '23 as we move forward with our rebuilt.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. I don't -- we don't ever comment on forward pricing. And I think what you've seen is that the industry has done a good job historically now in recovering the higher cost in both fuel and nonfuel. And I don't see anything that would indicate that, that's not going to be the case moving forward.
Glen Hauenstein: Absolutely, great question. As we know, the dollar is at historic highs right now. And normally, we would see that impacting our offshore point of sale in terms of realized fares. But given the demand and supply balance that's existing right now in all of the international marketplaces that we serve, we see that not materializing. The fare increases have more than offset the lower currency rates. And indeed, the onshore tracking as a percent of 2019 is roughly in sync with offshore revenue, so really good balance. And what we've also seen is given the strength of the dollar, that outbound travel has more than offset a bit of weakness in terms of the outbound travel from the foreign point of sale. So all in all, that's been a very positive mix for us. At a service level, you might look at it and say that could be trouble. But for us, it's not been trouble as Delta.
Glen Hauenstein: I'd say given where we sit right now, we are very confident in the $5.5 billion, and we have some rate adjustments that occur in '23 that give you a good way to the $7 billion, and then the continued acquisitions. I think we're -- we have some cushion in there right now. And it's not a stretch objective to get to $7 billion in '24 as we sit today. And so there's a little cushion in there should we see revenues plateau. Well, having said that, we have not seen card spend plateau. And although we have a record number of accounts in force, we're also seeing record spend on individual cards right up until today. So I mean this is really current numbers that we're looking at. And so while we're mindful that, that may trend down a little bit, I think we've got some cushion in there given the strong acquisition and, if any, the brand.
Glen Hauenstein: I think it's both, right, is that -- and pretty evenly distributed. We have first time forever we're actually now bigger in the transatlantic in the month of October than we were in October of '19 and with very successful unit revenues and improved profitability there. So I think as we head through the winter, it's international growth. We have LATAM now really starting to come online in earnest. And then the Japan opening in -- right now is a very exciting thing for us being a historically very large carrier in Japan. So, if the international marketplaces are open and open without restrictions, we see robust demand, and we see that continuing to be our backdrop. We see -- we have good visibility now to the winter in Europe because the APs are a little bit longer in Europe. And so, now we're thinking about the spring. And I can't imagine that as we get to spring and summer of next year that we don't see another robust demand because we did miss three years of demand for the leisure travel to Europe. So people run out of time, myself included, and I think, gosh, how many years do I have left to do that? And so I think we have a really good backdrop there. And then domestically, these are customers that we know want to fly Delta. These are in our core regional markets that we just weren't able to produce capacity at attractive inventory levels that they would want to purchase on Delta. And as we bring those down, as Ed mentioned earlier, as we bring those relative fair premiums down, as we open up the hubs, we think that's going to be some relatively easy lifting for us.
Glen Hauenstein: I think they already have. And I think, as I mentioned earlier, that the demand sets are very different than they were in 2019 in terms of places people are going, in terms of times that they're going. And we're making those adjustments. I think one of the more interesting things, as you mentioned, Monday -- Sunday night outbound, Monday morning outbound used to be the peak. That's now bleeding into Tuesday, out Tuesday, back Thursday, so some shorter trips midweek. It's bleeding into people, taking -- mixing business and leisure. So I know myself, I went to Paris last week for meetings, and I spent the weekend for leisure and before I probably would have just come back. So I think we see that. We see in the holidays with people not having to necessarily be in the office as regularly as they did before the pandemic, and we see people stretching out the holiday. So Sunday night, Monday morning -- Sunday night returns or the Sunday after Thanksgiving was historically the highest revenue day we had in our network. That's now a little bit lighter, and we see that travel moving into Monday and Tuesday returns. So yes -- and we've been making those adjustments along the way, and I think pretty successfully. And I think it's pretty exciting, right, that it's coming -- in aggregate, it's coming back differently, but it's coming back even stronger.
Glen Hauenstein: I'd say there's a new normal on all of this. And while we do start to see seasonality patterns reemerging that we're not as present in the early stages of the rebuild, they're not as acute maybe as they were pre-pandemic. So we had a fantastic September to Florida, absent of the hurricane, which you wouldn't have thought. If you look at September, which is historically one of the worst months for Florida, you couldn't buy a ticket to Disney. We had some people who were on break here, and they said they wanted to go to Disney with their families, and they couldn't buy a ticket. It's closed out. And so I think we've seen this shift. And as airfares have increased and as hotels have increased and the whole -- people are also moving to the shoulders a little bit more because they can take advantage of the fact that on the margin, it's a little bit less expensive, and they have more flexibility with their work that they don't necessarily need to be in the office on those days. So I think yes, there are definitely things that are reappearing in terms of more traditional seasonality. But I think also, there are a lot of things that are offsetting that muting it and making it a little bit less pronounced as it was pre-pandemic.
Glen Hauenstein: No. I think it's mostly the fact -- just a calendar shift of where the returns are. And so, I think that's -- and we think it's about two points of sequential decline from -- in our 23.5 to 17, about two points of that is a shift of some of the returns of the holiday into January.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, Helane, I think at a macro level is that whatever your purpose was, the redemptions that carried at the end, was always for the leisure travel. And so as people continue to see our brand evolving and want to become involved with it, whether or not it's for business or for leisure, we've seen the opportunity to continue to grow the program itself at record pace, which is very exciting and, I think, a real testament to the brand strength and all the hard work that delta people put out every day. And now it's our job to take that brand strength and turn it into profitability. And of course, we do that through using those as prospects for our American Express card, but we're also increasingly making our ecosystem broader. And I think just yesterday, we had a very claiming announcement about partnering with Starbucks and linking our programs together. And I think creating an exciting dynamic ecosystem that is the cornerstone of our loyalty program, which is, of course, based on the fantastic airline that Delta runs every day, is really the base of it. But we are very excited about where we can take this over the next five years in terms of expanding that loyalty platform to be more than just Delta as an airline.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I can't speak to the industry. I can speak for Delta. And yes, you've got it right, '24 to '25 is when we think we'll have the utilization back to historic levels on all the equipment we have contracted.
Glen Hauenstein: It's strengthening as we get -- come out of the pandemic. So we're very excited. And I think we highlighted in the call that our recovery is being led by premium products. And premium products -- restoration is 10 points ahead, coach of main cabin and basic economy. So very excited about people getting used to this, people enjoying it and intend to repurchase is over 70%. So you see the customers coming back for more of this as well.
Glen Hauenstein: That fluctuates every day based on demand and supply. So in general, it's been trending lower, but that could reverse itself today or tomorrow. So, it's not something we actively manage. It's kind of a daily occurrence.
Glen Hauenstein: Absolutely. And we want to continue to evolve our program today. It's premium for our most premium customers. And as you all know, we announced some changes for the '24 program earlier this month, which was really designed to ensure that we had the correct people. We were the most generous, as you know, also during the pandemic in extending benefit. So we actually have seen an incredible increase in the number of our most premium customers. And -- but our intent is to make sure that everybody who is a premium customer has a really premium experience. So, we've got to balance that off.
Glen Hauenstein: Basic economy is not a hard cabin. It's an availability of a fare, and we want to keep that in place. It's a very effective tool. We haven't used it as much historically because we've been so full. But as we get to a more normalized environment, there probably will be more basic economy in -- available in '23 than there were in '24. And we created that because the way that the ultra-low-cost carriers price their products where they don't show you all of the add-ons, they show you a very low intro fare and then add on everything from carry-ons to a soda. And so, we wanted to have a relatively de-counted product, although it's still far superior to the product that you buy on the ULCCs. It doesn't have all the products and the upgradability that the higher fare structures do. And it's a very effective competitive tool. But as I mentioned earlier, it's -- the fare structures are there, and they're either available because there -- we're not selling out on airplanes or they're not. And so that's the way we've created it, and it's not a cabinet in and of itself where the premium products are actually hard cabins. They're Comfort+ or Delta Premium Select or Delta One, which actually have physical attributes as well as the other components, so...
Glen Hauenstein: We don't release any details, but there's still -- there's -- we have very long-dated expiration on that. So nothing is going to expire until the end of '24. And there's still a sizable number of credits out there.
Ed Bastian: I could take it, Savi. We continue to make good progress in clearing those bottlenecks and getting our pilots into seats and categories every week. We're producing more and more pilots back to the operation. As we said in our remarks, our goal is to be in a position to have our network fully restored by the summer, and the pilots are obviously a big part of that.
Ed Bastian: And one other thing I'd add is that we have the lowest regional jet footprint in the industry. We've been on a path, Savi, over the last decade to eliminate the 50-seat regional jet, and we're just about there. So we are out of that category. We do have 325 two-class regional jets, which we will continue to maintain going forward, but we are far less exposed than others to the -- some of this regional pilot shortage issue.
Ed Bastian: Sure, Mike. That's an industry number, as you can appreciate. And that gets you closer to the historical relationship. We've seen over many, many years, it's a very sticky relationship. We saw it fall a bit after 9/11, and we saw it bounce back. We saw it fall during the recession. We've seen it bounce back. And we certainly saw it the biggest fall ever coming back from the pandemic. So one of the things that we're seeing is such outsized demand for our product across the board. And when you couple that as well with the industry constraints that we also talked about, that is also keeping the pricing strong at the same time. So whether we get back to the full $20 billion or $30 billion, I don't know, but I think we're gaining on it as we go.
Ed Bastian: And David, if I could add to Glen's comments, as you also appreciate, we've been, by far, the most cautious about building back our network given that we wanted to make certain we're doing it reliably, and we're doing it with our customers and our people in mind, first and foremost. And so a good chunk of the restoration is solely that, just getting back up to our normalized industry share our full capacity and utilization of the airline. There are a lot more governors in this environment on the capacity than ever before, whether it's high-fuel prices, high-cost capital, difficulty getting pilot staffed, typically OEMs producing aircraft. So I think with respect to investor questions around overall capacity levels, I feel very comfortable with what we're doing here at Delta.
Ed Bastian: Of course, it's always about profitability and margins. And that's why I said in my remarks, I think we are uniquely positioned to do both, to grow where we haven't had the opportunity to grow as quickly as others have grown with strong demand supporting that, coupled with a significant unit cost benefit as we move forward because we already own all the assets and we already have the full staffing numbers pretty much on property.
Ed Bastian: And Scott, if I could wrap that, is that when you think about next year, obviously, we're going to be bringing a fair bit of capacity into the domestic system. That's going to help with what Glen mentioned earlier, a lot of our customers are priced out of our products. And so, we're going to be bringing more affordability, opening us up to additional buckets of demand. Yet at the same time, the incremental marginal cost of delivering that supply is substantially lower than any modest price adjustments we would see.
Ed Bastian: You can expect our network rebuild to be disciplined. It's going to steadily grow. But we're not going to fall in the trap we were last spring where we pushed ourselves too hard. So we learned from that. We're not going to accelerate it faster, and we're ready to deliver.
Ed Bastian: Sure. A couple of things that have changed. One, as you know, they've also worked through the very difficult restructuring. And they're still not out of the court process, though they expect to be out sometime next month. So, we're anxious to see them out, and that's going to provide them some additional opportunities to start to grow and really take advantage of the powerhouse they've become as well as the substantial reduction in cost as well as balance sheet -- reductions on debt that they've been able to achieve through the bankruptcy process. We just got the ATI from DOT, and we're excited about that. So we haven't really been able to talk in three years to them at a detailed level about the JV itself, though those meetings are beginning literally as we speak. And it's a little bit of a delayed response, but there's nothing in there that we laid out three years ago when we announced the investment in LATAM that I'm any less excited for. I think if anything, we're going to have an accelerated impact there. The competitive balance in South America is less intense. There's a lot of local airlines got hit by the pandemic pretty hard. And you look at them, you look at what we're doing with Aeromexico in the same time, we see a lot of growth potential for Delta as well as the JV.
Ed Bastian: We will deliver the type of experience for our customers that they expect, which will be continuing to run just a very, very strong operation. One of the things that Glen talked about earlier is the shift of travel within the holiday period itself. And I think you're going to see a more normalized flow than you would typically do. Holidays tend to be very peaky on the highest days and lighter on some of the less -- lower travel days. And with travelers having a lot more flexibility and mobility relative to work, I think you're going to see a busy period for the Thanksgiving week throughout the week. And that's going to help us operationally a bit as well, managing flow. And I think you'll also see that over the Christmas, New Year break as well.
Ed Bastian: We mentioned in our remarks that -- and I really do believe it. So the airline industry, not just Delta, is in a countercyclical recovery because we're still building back from where we were. And so the amount of supply that's in the market probably has already taken into account somewhat of any recessionary risks. We're not operating at Delta anywhere close to what we used to operate in the past, and that's why the demand of our product and the pricing for the product has been so strong. Our crystal ball is good for 90 to 120 days. After that, it gets a little murky. Our advanced bookings don't go out too much further than that in large numbers. But from what we can see and what our big corporates are telling us is that the travel sector of the economy is going to be very strong through the quarter and into the new year. So that's the best we can. I can't speak for the broader economy. I know there's some pretty significant macro shifts going on in spending out of goods and into services, which we are beneficiary of. Of course, we contributed the last two years to the other side of that, and we're glad to see people back on the road.
Ed Bastian: Our sole priority at Delta is to make sure that any excess cash that we're generating is used to pay down debt. And we acquired a meaningful amount of debt during the pandemic. And we want to get our investment-grade rating back, as we've talked. So over the next couple of years, that will be our -- and beyond, by the way, not just the next couple of years, that will still be the top priority for any excess cash. And of course, we'll also be using our cash to continue to invest in the business and invest in our people. So that's where the cash is going. I don't see any share repurchases happening here at Delta for the foreseeable future.
Ed Bastian: And Leslie, on your second question, this summer, we operated roughly 15% below where we were in the summer of '19. And we said our goal is for next summer to close that gap and have our network fully restored. So I think that's a ballpark number of 15%. That doesn't mean we're going to have 15% more people or 15% more planes. It's really just utilizing the people we already have because we're already at pretty close to 2019 staffing levels. And the fleet we have has taken a pretty significant utilization hit as we've reduced supplying and bringing it back. So, it's really using the assets and the people we already have more efficiently. That's going to generate a meaningful amount of that growth.
Ed Bastian: We -- I was asked this question on CNBC this morning, and I said there is a plan B. And of course, when we made the decision to buy the 10, we had a lot of conversations with Boeing around that specific question because it's a big part of our capacity, and we want to make certain that we're not going to be left without an alternative. So, we do have a plan B. We're not discussing what that plan B is, but there is a plan B with Boeing in the event it doesn't get certified. That said, we remain optimistic it will be certified.
Ed Bastian: All right, Cody, we'll follow up with Kelly later, but I think that is going to conclude our call. So thanks, everybody, for listening and participating.
