Jill Greer: Thanks, Cindy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our September quarter call. Joining us from Atlanta are Richard Anderson, Delta’s Chief Executive Officer; Ed Bastian, our President; and Paul Jacobson, our Chief Financial Officer. Richard will open the call. Ed will then address our financial and revenue performance, and Paul will conclude with a review of cost performance and liquidity. We have our entire Executive team with us for the Q&A session and to get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta’s SEC filings. We’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted and you can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations at delta.com. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Richard.
Jill Greer: Thank you Richard, Ed and Paul. Before we move to questions I did just want to take a minute and remind everybody as Paul mentioned about our annual Investor Day which will be held on December 12 in New York. So please mark your calendars. We’ll send out more information shortly and we hope to see you all there. So with that, Cindy, could you give everybody the instructions for the Q&A process.
Jill Greer: Thanks, Helane, and that is going to wrap up the analyst portion of the call and so I’ll hand it over to you Ned Walker.
Ed Bastian: John, this is Ed. Thanks for your compliments. We’ll try hard to make certain that we maintain all the share that we’ve acquired to date. A fair bit of the share that we’ve acquired is truly new share as we brought the benefits of our investments in product and technology, facilities in New York, facilities in Atlanta. So I don’t anticipate there is going to be a dilution of that as we look forward. I think any future change in the industry will be positive for everyone. I know we’ve had in the most recent weeks certainly some share gains from some of the problems that American has had but they’re relatively modest and candidly are not big numbers of that share gain that we’ve seen.
Ed Bastian: No, because actually, we’ll be mindful of our frequency by market and that’s a key driver, and the 717 deal, particularly, gives us much better gauge and the second thing is, I don’t think customers want to fly 800, 900 miles on a 50-seater. Part of what we’re doing here is putting a better product in the market, better fuel efficiency, fewer airplanes in the air and our customers tell us they much prefer flying on mainline airplanes rather than 34-, 44-, and 50-seat airplanes.
Ed Bastian: Jamie, this is Ed. The $1 billion that we’re referring to is candidly, part of that same cost-reduction initiative that we talked at the Investor Day last year as we laid out that plan. As I think he said at that planned discussion it’d take probably about two years to implement and that’s where we’re at now in terms of the implementation. I think we said at the time and we said since that 8.4 was a calculation at a point in time, it’s obviously influenced by a lot of other factors, capacity levels which we continue to take down, the opportunity to move ahead with our pilots which obviously puts much higher pressure on it. So from that standpoint it’s not backing down from our cost goals, we’re saying that we’re going to have to have a reset though due to the change in the macroeconomic factors, not anything that’s different from the $1 billion target.
Ed Bastian: Well, we are in the process now of running a competition between Bombardier and Embraer and our expectation is that time around, by the end of the year we’ll have a pretty good idea of what direction we’re going to go. Our goal is to use that to take out a significant number of 50-seaters. So we will look at all alternatives in terms of which balance sheet they end up on, the regional partner on Delta but when you think about it from a total liability perspective, what our goal is, is to take out the debt and significant costs that are part of owning all these 50-seaters. So when you think about say bringing in 40 76-seaters and taking out 60, 50-seaters, there’s a really good balance sheet and CASM trade there. So when you think about, regardless of where it ends up in terms of the balance sheet, we want to take a significant amount of debt off, to the extent we put that on, by buying 76-seaters.
Ed Bastian: We’ve closed the cash to fund that, but if you look at our fourth quarter free cash flow from last year, there’s a similar pattern this year in terms of the flows from AMEX and miles purchases.
Ed Bastian: Savi, this is Ed. The 41 you’re referring to, actually it’s 66 not 41 and yes, we’ve accounted for the 66 and they’re going to be either sat down, parted out or otherwise disposed of.
Ed Bastian: We got a lot of new capacity in from the over flights and the stage link was up substantially in the quarter. I think that would be the primary differential, and then there’s also a lot of capacity in Japan. So as we move forward with ANA and Jal, we are the largest carrier to Japan so there is a lot of pressure with new frequencies to New York, new frequencies to Seattle, new frequencies to San Diego and San Jose offered by the Japanese carriers as they complete their restructuring.
Ed Bastian: The only thing I would say to add to what Richard said would be that from an engine standpoint we would basically be taking on long-term power by the hour deal on the engines and so that probably would not be in a maintenance honeymoon period. And what Richard said on the check airplane check is exactly right, they’re fresh out of check as we receive them, of whatever their next check due was.
Ed Bastian: Well, I mean first of all, I think the characterization about a trading operation compared to corporate hedging program I don’t think is necessarily a good one. We’re very confident in our execution and don’t see any significant changes coming through our counterparties. We have close relationships with them; we’re comfortable with where we sit.
Ed Bastian: Okay. Hey. Thank you, Richard and Paul, and that does conclude our September quarter call. Well, see many of you at Investor Day in New York City on December 12 and get back on the telephone with everyone here for the January quarter results. Thanks again, everyone.
Richard Anderson: This is Richard, John. We think that further industry consolidation will be overall quite good for Delta and quite good for the industry and believe that if you look at the current organizational construct of the industry we need the next transaction to be completed. And when it’s completed then we have a pretty rational organizational construct in the industry that will benefit Delta.
Richard Anderson: I can’t speak to what any other competitors around the world are doing with their fleets. I can speak specifically to the economics of the 50-seat fleet. And by our point of view the 50-seat fleet reduction will be significantly accretive to our enterprise. Because, when you think about it in a really basic way, we’re going to reduce the number of airplanes we have on the enterprise because the 50-seaters have the long-range fuel prices that we have today are no longer economic, particularly in states lengths over about 450 miles. So by up-gauging the domestic with MD-90 and 717s which are really capital efficient and then the 737-900s, we’ll be able to produce the same number of seats but we’ll do it with fewer airplanes, fewer takeoffs and landings which is where the scale leverage comes from, from the fleet changes. I don’t know about others. I can just talk about what it does for the Delta network.
Richard Anderson: Well, look that’s really good feedback and it’s really important feedback for us. So to give you our plan, we’re going to get through 2013 and complete our leveraging goal that we have. I do think it’s worthwhile for us to continue deleveraging on the balance sheet because it’s so accretive when we take the non-op expense out. But at the same time, our Board and our management team understand our large shareholders want to understand what we’re going to do with our free cash flow yield when we get down to the end of 2013. So I would extend an invitation, not only to the December 2012 annual Investor Day, but to the December 2013 annual Investor Day because I think we’re going to have pretty good color on what our next steps will be, and we are sympathetic to our shareholder desire to share in that free cash flow yield.
Richard Anderson: And the cost related to putting them in the Delta configuration with Delta seats, Delta delivery, Delta interior product, fresh overhaul, paint job and all the reliability mods, the airplane is delivered to us in that condition so that cost is not ours.
Richard Anderson: I think, Duane, I think when you’re looking at a $35 to $40 crack, you’re looking at it off the WTI versus a brent crack. We still feel confident in our $300 million annual target. It has to do more with the relationship between all of the products that are produced at the refinery, but in spite of the volatility that we’ve seen, we remain confident in achieving that over the long term.
Richard Anderson: Well, there’s no question there’s upside to the number depending upon what crack spreads are, and we built our case on a conservative basis, and we think the refinery is going to be a very quick payback.
Richard Anderson: Hunter, I think that what we did when we plan the fall and winter was to look at the macroeconomics, the forward fuel curves, the forward demand set, the economic forecast for Europe and it really had less to do with competitive set because when you add it all out, the competition is actually offering – in aggregate, is offering less capacity this winter than they did last winter, and you pointed out one world is expanding, one world is expanding and that remains to be seen how successful that expansion is in the winter season but it was not in response to that, it was really in response to what we saw as the macroeconomic forecast.
Richard Anderson: Hunter, this is Richard. First we would get an end-user exemption under the CFTC rules, so in terms of what it would require in terms of counterparty postings and the like, I think we’re going to continue business as usual in that regard. The second thing is, is the over-the-counter feature will give us a lot more transparency into what the profitability of our counterparties may be in some of these trades. The third thing I’d point out is, it might be a good thing for a lot of people to take their passive money out of the forward market, because we still think there’ll be enough liquidity in the futures market, and one of the things that I still think the industry has suffered from is that the forward fuel market has become the next stock market. And so you have so much passive money in the last 10 years that it flowed into the futures market that it might not be all bad to have a lot of that money flow back out of the market so that the supply and demand signals that we see in the underlying market tell you that jet fuel ought to be – brent ought to be about $20 less than what it is today. So maybe we get to more rational markets.
Richard Anderson: And to clarify, Dan, not to speak for Richard but the 10% to 12% that you referred to was return on invested capital not operating margins.
Richard Anderson: Okay. Thanks very much, Jill. Cindy, if you could go over the process again for queuing up to ask a question for the media and once again for the media, we would like to have one question with a quick follow-up and hopefully we’ll be able to accommodate everyone. Question-and-Answer Session
Richard Anderson: Primarily, in corporate share and yield. But the airline is running very, very high load factors on an annual basis. So it’s very hard to take in traffic and what we’re seeing is a higher and higher share of the higher-yielding customers selecting Delta.
Richard Anderson: Hey, Andy. Richard, good question. Our turnaround costs are tracking quite close to plan through the end of the year and the turnaround will result in our being at full production probably near the end of 4Q but for sure by 1Q.
Richard Anderson: We haven’t finalized the number of airplanes. Under our agreement with our pilots we have the ability to take up to 70 additional 76-seat airplanes, so it would be some number less than 70.
Richard Anderson: Right. We have ruled out layoffs. We have a strong tradition at Delta of managing our unit cost per person now by using voluntary programs and pushing productivity throughout our business. So it’s a really important part of the strong relationships we have with our employees. We want them to be secure in their jobs so they can provide really good customer service to our customers.
Richard Anderson: Hi, Mary Jane, this is Richard. Sorry for not saying hello. When you look at the overall value that we’re going to create as a result of unlocking the ability to refleet plus the productivity that has been built into that agreement, we’re confident that it will be an important part of our ability to get to unit cost over the next couple of years to improve our margins and our return on invested capital.
Richard Anderson: Ted, good question. When you just think around the world and it’s not just in the U.S. but around the world, the industry consolidation has really helped regions around the world, and the region I think about is Latin America which has probably led the worldwide region, the regions around the world in consolidation. And so you end up with just a much more rational industrial organization, and when you have a much more rational industrial organization the participants in the organization tend to do better. So we think we have competitive advantages that will allow us to continue to sustain the distance that we put between ourselves and the rest of the industry, and of course, we don’t intend on giving up any market share.
Richard Anderson: Kelly, this is Richard. Typically when you place an order for an airplane, the earliest you get it is 16 months to 18 months after you placed the order. So you would expect just like on our 73-900ER order, we placed that, it’ll be 2 years ago this August or August 13 and we’ll end up taking the airplanes somewhere around, the first airplane about 26 months after the order. So, and then you end up taking about a dozen the year, something like that. So I hope that helps give you some timeline.
Paul Jacobson: I think David, it’s a little premature to go into more specifics around first half cost guidance but I think if you look at salaries and wages the increases took effect in July and there’s another tranche to come in January. So the first half pressures are going to continue to be there. I think as we get to Investor Day, we’ll have more details around the timing of some of these structural initiatives which we expect to begin to take hold in the second half of next year.
Paul Jacobson: I think, Jamie, as we think about targets what were focused on doing is identifying and communicating the billion dollars as clear and a transparent manner as possible, and we’ll plan to do that at Investor Day where there’s a better, longer forum to do that. The targets and the CASM is really a function of what our long-term plans are. I’m not comfortable talking about that right now without discussions around how longer-term our strategic plans look as to capacity re-fleeting et cetera. I think the better avenue to do that is at Investor Day.
Paul Jacobson: We’re going to go through that on Investor Day Glenn.Glenn Engel – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay Thanks.
Paul Jacobson: Well, I think Dan, that’s taking it from where we are today to getting to that 10% to 12% level. We’ve put a lot of investment into the product and it’s paid tremendous dividends with our revenue performance. There comes a point where you can’t always count on further revenue performance going forward, and we want to make sure that we’re restructuring to address the cost side of the equation too in order to contribute to that future margin expansion off of today’s current levels.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Linda. This is Paul. Thanks for your question. None of our modifications are intended to expand production at the plant, so we remain at 185,000 barrels a day. We said that we intend to get about 50,000 barrels a day of jet fuel when we complete the modification sometime during 2013, but we will be producing significantly more jet fuel then ConocoPhillips produced when they ran the plant beginning in the first quarter.
Glen Hauenstein: This is Glen Hauenstein, and what we see moving forward in Latin America is an increase in capacity offered primarily by the foreign-flag carriers with both Lon and Tom being up significantly into South America, it’s primarily focused on South America and so yields and traffic in South America has come a little bit under pressure.
Glen Hauenstein: I think the individual sales that we’ve identified through the 50-seaters, we haven’t gone into that detail but we’re working through to identify specifically which aircraft are coming out. But as Richard mentioned, the goal is to make this as close to debt-neutral as we can.
Glen Hauenstein: Absolutely and I think again this is similar to a comment I made in last quarter, is the headlines don’t match our results. And what we see through the winter months is actually some very positive signs in terms of European command, the market responds to the capacity discipline. So we’re very optimistic as we run through what’s historically the winter odysseys and the weak five months of the year and we’re going to post very favorable improvement in unit revenues despite not only the economic headwinds but the headwinds of the currency on a year over year basis. So we’ve mitigated, it looks like we’re going to mitigate both of those and the demand is actually moving both ways, so European multinationals who are having trouble doing business in Europe are actually coming to the U.S. to do business, and so there’s lot of dynamics that are appealing in that I think.
Glen Hauenstein: We see a very favorable dynamic going on in Atlanta in the short, medium and long-term since AirTran has been taken over by Southwest, they’re down almost 50% in capacity from what AirTran’s peak was as you look out into the forward months. And they are rationalizing more and more cities. I believe last week they announced that they were stopping service next spring to Charlotte, to Rochester, New York and to Flint, Michigan from Atlanta which is in addition to the many cities they were already closed. Their departure levels are down to about 177 a day but the transition has been I think from our perspective difficult because if you look at the key 100 data that comes out in the spring, AirTran and Southwest have a lot of trouble filling their seats so they put some very aggressive sale fares out there. We think those will be mitigated over time as they continue to rationalize capacity and we’re very optimistic as we go through the winter schedule and the spring schedule that we’ll have a lot of traction here in Atlanta.
Glen Hauenstein: And, Mary Jane, this is Ed. One additional thing, we also reduced the profit sharing going forward and that’s an important part of helping to fund that cost growth.Mary Jane Credeur – Bloomberg News: Sure. Okay. Thank you.
Glen Hauenstein: We just had record acquisitions for the last several months but it’s primarily acquisitions in both New York and Atlanta so we’re very excited about the card and the AMEX card it looks like (inaudible) next few months and I think we are seeing share gains not only in our hubs but across the entire network.
Dani McKenzie – Buckingham Research: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks. A couple questions here. Paul if I could circle back to your commentary, margin expansion resulting from investment which would help take Delta’s earnings power to the next level once done. I believe Delta today is targeting 10% to 12% margins on a calendar basis. Does that mean you’ll start to target 15% margins longer-term, something higher? What can you say to elaborate on that? Thanks.
Dani McKenzie – Buckingham Research: I appreciate that clarification, thanks. And then secondly, Glen, I see the capacity cuts to Europe of course which are pretty steep on Delta’s part but I wonder if you can provide a little bit more perspective about the demand set, this just follows up on Hunter’s question. I guess as you look ahead with respect to the inputs, does it factor in price elasticity from higher ticket prices? And I’m guessing it does but I guess I’m not sure how you go about measuring that elasticity given the macro here. Maybe to ask a little differently, is the demand set really driven by corporate travel feedback, something different? Any additional color you can provide can provide would be helpful just given how the wheels look like they could potentially fall off the wagon.
Dani McKenzie – Buckingham Research: Yeah, I guess it was really specific to Europe, just given the volatility in the macro backdrop there which could really disrupt demand trends.
