Edward H. Bastian: Well, Mike, I think you answered your own question. It's all of the above, right? We've been investing in New York for the last 5 years and we're really starting to see the fruits come through. I'd say, one of the largest contributors was clearly the corporate share improvements that we're seeing, particularly in the banking sectors.
Edward H. Bastian: Savi, at Investor Day last month, we said our capacity in -- improvement in 2014 is 0% to 2% and we're still in that range. It's a little heavily weighted towards the first part of the year.
Edward H. Bastian: Glenn, this is Ed. We can give you the specific details. It's at a high level. On the mainline, we're going to end the year 2014 with 30 more overall planes than we start the year and we've got some movements between the 717s and 73s and 75s coming out. We can give you the specific details. And on the regionals, we're going to end the year with 50 less overall regional planes. We'll be increasing the CRJ900 count by about 28. And the small jets, we're going to have, I think, close to 80 retirements of small jets over the course of the year.
Edward H. Bastian: Duane, this is Ed. I think the -- certainly, in March, we're going to be impacted by the Easter shift. Our view is it's not necessarily going to be a significant shift. We're looking at, for January, a 3% to 4% unit revenue growth. And as we forecast, over the balance of the quarter, we think that's a run rate that we can largely sustain heading into February and March and that does factor in the impact of the sequester, as well, which should be a positive for us, offset somewhat by the calendar shift. For June quarter, I haven't looked carefully enough at what calendar items we have other than Easter going on in June. But at the macro level, realize that we still have a very small percent of our bookings in for the June quarter at the present time. I think on a macro level, everything feels relatively solid, particularly on the domestic part of the business. And the international entities, early indications are they should do quite well in the summer.
Edward H. Bastian: Well, on the second part of your question, seasonality will look very much like our European businesses. So very, very strong. Second and third quarters, seasonally weaker in particularly in the first quarter of the year. Virgin is on a run rate for -- on a go-forward basis to be profitable, is our expectation in 2014. And that is in our plan. We are already starting to see some pretty significant revenue benefits coming from the initial part of the codeshare. And then as we get into the JV for 2014, we think those -- that revenue stream will start to kick up. I think we're looking at somewhere about $50 million of run rate improvement coming out of synergies, primarily on revenue for 2014.
Edward H. Bastian: Sure. In Europe, we see a little bit more capacity than we like and we think that capacity will probably exceed GDP rates between the eurozone and the U.S. Having said that, that capacity -- or pieces of that are really in place now. So if you look at the capacity that's in the winter schedules, it's running a little bit further ahead than it had in the last few quarters and it's already ahead of GDP forecast for the first quarter -- or the fourth quarter for Europe and the U.S. And under that environment, we've been able to continue to grow unit revenues. So we're pretty satisfied with the results we're seeing come out of the low season in Europe. And hopefully, as we get to the high season, those trends will continue. In the case of the Pacific, we see a much better capacity balance in terms of what the industry is offering, particularly in Japan. And as you know, Japan accounts for about 35% of our -- or the trans-Pacific Japan part of our network accounts for about 35% to 40% of our total trans-Pacific. In that case, for the first time in 3 years, we actually see capacity being offered by the industry down into the peak summer months. Combined with the fact that the yen should stabilize -- or we believe the yen would stabilize here at about 100 to 105, that would provide some very good tailwinds as we head to the summer in Japan. And the rest of Asia, it really is -- it's country by country, what's being offered. But I think Japan is really where our heavy concentration remains.
Edward H. Bastian: Hey, Kelly, this is Ed. We did -- just to correct one, sorry, we did mention Atlanta as one of the contributors. New York was -- had the greatest strength. But we did mention that we did have some nice close in yield strength in Atlanta as well. And Glen was absolutely right, it was strength of the corporate marketplace that was driving that.
Paul A. Jacobson: Mike, 2014 actually looks pretty similar to 2013. We have approximately 100% of our net exposure hedged, which equates to about 50% of our total revenue base, which is a similar position that we had in 2013. I think if you look forward on the total book, because we do have some hedges out to 2016, we're still looking at about a $200 million mark-to-market on that book despite what's been paid out in '13.
Paul A. Jacobson: Glenn, this is Paul. Our current view is that it'll be pretty consistent with what we outlined at Investor Day.
Paul A. Jacobson: Yes, I think -- Helane, this is Paul. When you're looking at expense, too, you're always going to see a little bit of lumpiness based on the timing of certain events. The fourth quarter happened to be a heavy quarter for airframe checks, specifically. But as you look at 2014 versus 2013, I think the operations team has done a phenomenal job and we expect maintenance expenses to be up slightly to flat for the year.
Paul A. Jacobson: Well, I think, Hunter, when you're looking at our cash flow performance that we have currently, we're generating enough cash to be able to pay for these airplanes. I think the financing decision is one that really comes about at the time of delivery in terms of looking at the balanced capital structure and how we think about that. The A330 and the A321 deliveries are still pretty far out there as we look out on the horizon. So we'll take that as it comes.
Paul A. Jacobson: Karen, what we said was that we expect a small loss in the first quarter but a modest profit for the full year.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Hey, Jamie, it's Glen. I think there are several components for that and not the least of which is fleet. We have been working very hard, as you know, with our fleet plan and the retirement of the 50-seat regional jets, which are really not the optimal airplanes for the feeder markets in JFK as they play a critical role on the profitability of Kennedy. Add to that the partnerships that we have with Aeroméxico, Virgin and with GOL and I think you'll see how those components all fit together. And then last, but not least, would be the transcons where we have taken a different path than the other 2 major carriers who have reduced their exposure to coach and premium economy. And so we are, by far, now the largest carrier in terms of the coach seating between New York and San Francisco and Los Angeles, which we think is going to be very profitable for us as we enter 2014.
Glen W. Hauenstein: We monitor our unit revenues very carefully. And we're 2, 2.5 years into the upgauge and what we've seen is we've been able to maintain our mainline North America premiums. And so we're expecting that to continue through this year. And I think what you're seeing is we're able to offset with the demand for a better product. And with demand for the increased connectivity that we're able to provide, we're able to offset the increase in gauge.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Well, right now, we're primarily local because we're not connecting very much, but I expect that we will see increased connectivity as we continue to add the international feed that we have loaded in the advanced schedules for the summer.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Sure, this is Glen Hauenstein. What we're trying to do is we're trying to get closer to what consumers want. And I think for some consumers, all they want is basic transportation to get there on the most reliable airline the country. And that goes all the way up to people who want to travel in first class and have a first-class experience. And historically, we have been not very good as an industry in terms of being able to offer different experiences to different people. And I think that's really what our focus was centered on over the next 2 years as being able to offer the best in category, whether or not you just want to buy a seat and get there on time or whether or not you want to buy a lot of the other amenities that we're able to offer these days. And so we're working very, very hard to try and figure out what consumers want to buy from us so we can then sell those products to them.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Well, I think we will announce when we're ready to announce them, but I think right now we're working on a lot of research that says what our customers really want to buy and how do you judge which customers would like to buy what products and then what would they also not only like to buy at the time of the sale but what would they like to be offered after the sale itself. And like any other merchandising model, I think airlines have been slow to the party in terms of being able to match what customers want to pay with what we're offering.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Kelly, I don't think we specifically called out Atlanta in the close in yield strength. What we're seeing is close in yield strength across the entire domestic system and that's really because business travel is actually fairly robust right now. And so we're hoping that continues on for the year and it looks as though from all the forecast for 2014, that we should expect that.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, structurally, the changes that have taken place in the industry provide the right industrial organization for a network business that requires a lot of capital to be able to make sustainable investments over the long term. And it's clear now, we have 5 strong years of history at Delta that, in fact, that's the case. The second big factor is the fulcrum of fuel versus unit revenues. And when you think back in the '90s, the fuel was really playing the role that it played today because back in the '90s, fuel was $20 a barrel or $20 a barrel refined and deplaned at its peak. And today, you have a very different capital environment in a very different fuel environment, in a very different industrial organization. And when you take the combination of those 3 factors, so fuel no longer is the cheap part of the equation, it's the most expensive part of the equation. The industrial organization is correct in terms of big industrial businesses. And when you look at the interplay of fuel versus RASM, the interplay has worked very well. And we now have a model where, regardless of where the GDP is, we can capture the cost of fuel in our pricing model.
Richard H. Anderson: It was a nuance in the language. What we said in the earnings script, call script, is that we would make a decision prior to our annual meeting, which is usually the last week in June. Prior to that, we have a board meeting in April and the board will undertake to analyze where we are in April as we update our outlook in 2014. We'll have 4 months of progress on 2014. And we would expect some time between that April time frame and our annual meeting that we would update our investor base on our plan, our new plan to return cash to shareholders.
Richard H. Anderson: Glenn, let me take the employment, the FTE matter. There are a number of -- if you just go right to the mainline, we operate the mainline airline with about 73,000 FTE, 72,000 to 73,000 FTEs, because, remember, we have other businesses in there. We have Delta Global Services, we have Endeavor, we have Delta Private Jets and we have our MRO business. So when you look at what the core of what it takes to run the Delta that we operate today, it's about 72,000 FTEs.
Richard H. Anderson: I'll take the question on maintenance capability. I think Delta has a firm specific capability and knowledge that's unusual among global airlines in the sense that we have a deep capability to operate a large and diverse fleet with the very best reliability in the industry. And that is a strength that we will continue to leverage because it gives us the ability to take 717s and MD-90s at much, much lower capital costs, much higher levels of customer satisfaction and superior operating performance to all of our competitors. And we continue to expand that capability and we have no problem at all with attracting the kind of talent we need, both in our hangars but also among engineers, reliability analysts and the other staff that we need to continue this investment strategy.
Richard H. Anderson: Yes, if you're talking about the first quarter of '14, that's correct. That's the weakest quarter of the year for all the trans-Atlantic entities and Virgin is no different.
Richard H. Anderson: Yes, David, we're seeing it in both the peak as well as the off-peak, but I think you're probably right. The biggest opportunity for us has been to manage the off-peaks better and we're doing, I think, a great job of that. But we're also expecting to see a strong second and third quarters, which you should see expansion there as well.
Richard H. Anderson: This is Richard. Those are same status and under certain conditions, we have the right to cancel those orders. But they remain in our Disclosure Statement unchanged.
Richard H. Anderson: Yes, we have. We've seen significant interest in corporate customer -- in our corporate customer base, particularly from the banking community in New York because now we have a competitive shuttle product between JFK and London-Heathrow.
