Glen Hauenstein: For the fourth quarter which is the endpoint – so I will start there. We will be up about 2 to 2.5 domestic and about down 2 to 2.5 internationally.
Glen Hauenstein: For the third quarter, I do not have that. I am going to estimate it’s about plus 3.5 for domestic and minus 1 for international.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. I think what we didn’t expect in the beginning of the year was the continuation and acceleration of the declines in the business traffic sector. So, what we had anticipated is the strong demand leisure and that has borne out. The demand set for leisure is quite good and in line with our capacity offering, but it has not offset the close-in yield weakness that we have seen. And so that’s how it played out and that leaves us with really no other choice, but to decrease the capacity levels moving forward, because we can’t count on it to be as we have said in the earnings call, the stubbornly low close-in yields to go away. So, what we need to do now is not go into a month flat, because if we go into a month with flat RASM, we come out with a RASM that’s in the minus 4, 5 range. So, we have to hit that up 3 to 4 to 5 as we come into the month knowing we are going to give away some of that yield within the month. So, that’s kind of how it played out. And that’s how we are looking toward September. Of course, when we planned the summer capacity that was back in the February/March time period and while we are looking in a rearview mirror, it will be an incredibly profitable record summer for us. So, it’s not as disastrous as some people are characterizing it, but it’s really robust and we are going to take the necessary actions to fix it moving forward.
Glen Hauenstein: Right. Well, I think that is also where on an absolute basis, we are decreasing our rate of growth the most. And so we are going to be coming down about 300 basis points to 350 basis points from where we are in peak summer versus international, which is going down about 100 basis points. So I think if we have to go further, we will, but this is the next step and seeing if we can get the numbers to where we need them to be to continue to expand our margin into next year.
Glen Hauenstein: I think we have talked about this before. It’s more of the same. It’s the way you are approaching the time value for time sensitive customers. And are you getting what people will be willing to pay for their time versus what the market was charging for the time. And if you look business barriers, as these quarters rollout with government, we can all look at it. But what I think you will see is that the business fares are well below where they have been historically. And in a lot of markets where there have been little capacity, even no capacity, even negative capacity changes over the medium term. So I hear your question. And I wish I had the best answer for why that is there. But I think like everything, it’s a part of the cycle. I think it has to do with lower fuel. And I think as our fuel rolls through, everybody’s P&Ls that there will be a lot more focus on that. But that’s not – we are a small percentage in the industry. We represent less than 20% of the total industry. So we don’t have that kind of power or predictions to be able to go out and say those things.
Glen Hauenstein: Jamie, you asked a lot in that question and I have not gone back to check to 2008. 2008 to me is a blur going back in time. Listen, our guide is our best estimate to where we sit now. We do not think that we are at a – trying to forecast any type of inflection on the cycle or the margins if that’s your question. It’s really where we are. Fuel prices have bounced around a fair bit and fuel prices are up a bit in Q3 versus Q2, hedge aside. And we realized that we do have unit revenue weakness, particularly in the first half of Q3 that we are recognizing. So, I think that if you look at Q3 year-on-year, I think we are about flat, 20% pre-tax margin and I think that’s a – that’s about all I can draw from that.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, if you look historically the trends that follow and we started with fuel around 100. We get all the way down to about 25 to 27. And then now we have been moving back up into the mid to high 40s. It’s very, very high R-squared to go back and look at airline revenues with fuel over time and the lag time that produces the highest R-squared is about 9 months. So, that’s over a very, very long period of time within the industry. And I think that’s what we are counting on as that on the margin when fuel was $25 there were players who were pricing their products at the incremental marginal cost of $25 fuel. That marginal cost of production has gone up substantially since the low point. And normally, it would take about 9 months for that to flow through to airline revenues.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, late in the booking curve bookings even though their depressed are significantly higher than early in the booking curve bookings. So, you never want to turn out late in the booking curve booking away even though they are depressed on a relative basis.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes, we can’t comment on forward pricing. But generally close-in yields are significantly higher than long AP yields. And so that hasn’t changed.
Glen Hauenstein: So, I think there are a couple of things that we just did a poll survey and maybe I will let Steve talk to that. Steve, you want to pipe in on.
Glen Hauenstein: And so that would say that the real component is that we have flattish corporate demand. We have corporate yields down on the five to seven category. And we have capacity that’s growing in excess at the rate of growth of the corporate demand set, which is also putting downward pressure on the total RASM. And those are kind of the three components we see.
Glen Hauenstein: It’s a little bit of all of the above. If you look at our fleet counts for summer of this year versus summer of last year, it is almost flat. I think based on about 1,500 flying airplanes, we were up about eight. So the increased capacity has been coming on the marginal utilization because of lower fuel and what we are seeing is we are not getting paid for that, so that’s coming out. And we will be doing a lot of – more cancellations in the off-peak, more cancellations in the ad-hoc world, as well as gauge reductions. And may be we haven’t committed to it yet but some markets will not make it through.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I think we have mentioned in the prepared remarks that the Latin unit revenues were up in the month of June for the first time in 26 months. So those green shoots that we saw last quarter are actually coming in and again being driven by strength in Mexico and a lot of that strength may be related to the presence of Delta and Aeromexico together because it seems that we are getting a much higher share of some of the corporate travel to and from Mexico. And we have had historically even before our ATI enabled joint venture goes into place. And Peter Carter is sitting next to me, may be Peter can talk about the timing of when we believe Aeromexico will be approved.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, clearly London has – is the biggest market in the UK. But London has a very, very high business component. As a matter of fact, London represents about 35% of the total business to and from the U.S. between U.S. and Europe. So what we are doing is we are taking potentially down frequencies in off peak days. We are down-gauging equipment into the regional cities. Manchester tends to be a perfect example of much higher UK point of origin market and that one because there is a lot of leisure travel coming out of Manchester. And those would be the types of markets that we would look at to reduce.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Andrew. We are still – we haven’t given any guidance on the fourth quarter. I would say that there isn’t anything on the horizon in terms of maintenance that would cause us to deviate from that. I think we continue to run a great operation and manage through that. So, our goal is still to keep it below 2%. We are not going to give any forward guidance on 4Q.
Paul Jacobson: Well, I think it’s a little bit too soon to tell. Obviously, our balance sheet liability is impacted by rates. We have talked about that in the past. So, assuming rates don’t revert back higher, we could see a higher balance sheet liability, but keep in mind that, that has little impact on expense and little impact – no impact at all on our minimum funding requirements for our strategy going forward, which is much longer term based.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Helane. It’s Paul. I hope you got your breath back there. We – during the quarter, we early adopted the set new FASB policy on stock compensation with a benefit to our tax rate for the quarter. But we still expect our full year tax rate to be 34%.
Paul Jacobson: Hi, good morning, Jamie. It’s Paul. One of the big items in that was lower year-over-year third-party sales from the refinery, so there is a piece of that, that has to flow through gross up revenues and net it out of expense. So with the lower crude oil prices, the product values are substantially down. So that was about $65 million of that number.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, that’s our goal, Joe. Our goal has been to try to get there by the end of the year. And when we get there, we will let you know.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Joe. There is no amendment. As we announced in the Investor Day, we talked about it a couple year period from the overlap with the prior year agreement and then the new agreement beginning in 2017. So, we have talked about having some additional benefits occurring in 2017 going forward. We will have more of that probably at Investor Day.
Paul Jacobson: Sure. Good morning, Savy and thanks for those comments. The biggest driver of our cost performance has obviously been the continued upgauging and efficiency being created in the business through that. As we have talked about in the past, our upgauging has been accruing at about a rate of about 5% a year from 2012 through 2015. And we have, with our current fleet plans about a 7% upgrade – upgauge between 2016 and 2020. So clearly, that has had a material benefit on our ability to drive cost efficiencies in the business. That combined with the innovation of Gill’s team and others across the operational sphere have been a huge, huge benefit for us going forward. And we’ have got to continue to find ways to drive productivity in the business without impacting and in fact, enhancing the customer and employee experience, which I think the team has done a great job of.
Paul Jacobson: Dan, good morning, we – as we talked about before, we are in the market every day, buying back stock. And this quarter is no different.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Linda. This is Paul Jacobson. Yes, the answer is absolutely. The Trainer refinery for us has been a huge success. And as we talked about the lower crack spread environment that exists for the entire refining complex is a tremendous benefit to the airline. So, as part of the integrated fuel management strategy, we are absolutely still very pleased with that purchase and that investment.
Paul Jacobson: Well, I mean, certainly we have had profitable years with the refinery and that business is very cyclical. We certainly hope it doesn’t come at the expense of significantly higher fuel for the airline. But you have got to remember that its part of that integrated strategy and we know we will have good times and bad times with that refinery, but we are absolutely committed to it despite – or irrespective of its profits.
Paul Jacobson: Well, Elliott, the main purpose of buying that refinery as articulated in our – all of our commentary has been to still supply jet fuel and increase the supply of jet fuel, which we have done very successfully. We measured the success of that refinery based on how well it operates and the team that we have there has been performing extraordinarily well. From a cost basis, from an operational reliability cost basis, the refinery leads all comparable indices both in size and geography for its efficiency and its productivity. The absolute crack spreads and the economics of that, you have got to take into account the airline. And when crack spreads are down that puts pressure on refinery profits, but it’s a huge windfall for the airline as well. So, we feel very good about that. And as long as it continues to operate the way it is, we view it as strongly successful.
Paul Jacobson: Well, the fact that it may or may not be a benefit to our customers doesn’t have any – or our competitors, doesn’t have any bearing as to whether or not we view it as a success for Delta and we do things that are good for us and the refinery is a great example of that.
Ed Bastian: Duane, we didn’t give the monthly capacity. So we are not going to lay it out. But I think you can roughly estimate where we are at today as the July, August and then once capacity starts to take down as we get out this summer season, late August into September, the number start to inflect with the greater reductions. We haven’t given 2017 guidance out. But again if you look at our Q4, up 1%, I would expect our Q1 probably to be in that same range. And certainly by the time we get through this planning for the spring, if conditions are the same, we are going to continue to take the same fact on capacity.
Ed Bastian: And Julie, this is Ed. Just domestic is incredibly strong in aggregate. I realize the RASM numbers have been weak, but the bottom line results have been phenomenal. And the premium that we continue to generate versus the competition for domestic is about 1.20. So the team is doing a great job domestically. But we realize in order to get the RASM improvement to match the increasing fuel prices, we are going to be paying we need to be making the adjustments that Glen talked about.
Ed Bastian: We still have six 747-400s that are flying in the Pacific that are off schedule to be retired by the year end of ‘17. We are trying to accelerate that closer to September. But that would likely in and of itself would have a negative bias on Pacific capacity and through the year and next year. It will also be a significant improvement to our P&L as we replace the aging airplanes with much more efficient equipment.
Ed Bastian: Well, I may have missed – you may have misinterpreted what I said. The last six don’t come out until the fourth quarter of next year, not this year.
Ed Bastian: Yes. We hear from our long-term investors that are continuing to improve all of our financial metrics whether it’s our ROIC or our earnings potential, our top line growth are all important. We realize we sit in a volatile industry in a volatile space. But we are – our goal is to prove the sustainability and durability of the model. And we think earnings growth is important, yes.
Ed Bastian: Yes, I think the third quarter is the peak of the year. Candidly, it’s this June, July and August, right? So, that continues to be our – that’s our sweet spot.
Ed Bastian: No, I think you misread that. Domestic capacity is coming down significantly. We are decreasing our domestic offering in the fourth quarter versus the current quarter by about 300 basis points, so a very significant decrease in domestic capacity coming from us.
Ed Bastian: We don’t provide that level of detail, Jeffrey. Trans-Atlantic for us historically has been a strong source of profit. And as we have expanded to the UK with our Virgin relationship, we have just built on that.
Ed Bastian: The currency certainly has impacted the booking point of sale. And we have seen some strength in the U.S. point of sale to the UK as the talent has deteriorated. Likewise, we have seen some reduction in our UK point of sale coming to the U.S. And that’s why we are making certain of the capacity adjustments combined with overall high levels of capacity in the North Atlantic, which is putting pressure on yields even before Brexit.
Ed Bastian: Well, industry pricing is lower year-over-year and that’s probably the main driver of it. But when you have capacity growth and you have stable demand, that’s also a negative impact to the total composition of your unit revenues, because corporate travel is of course the highest yielding piece of our yield curve. So it’s a combination of too much capacity and too low fares.
Ed Bastian: We evaluate them all the time and we add routes and delete routes from our network on a regular basis. So the answer is that we will adjust to market conditions as we see them evolve.
Ed Bastian: Kelly, this is Ed. We have grown substantially in the UK in the last several years, both we and our partner Virgin Atlantic. So I wouldn’t be focused on it. This is more trimming from the overall growth. You have to look at this over a longer time horizon. And our capacity is up substantially to the UK over any period of time. So I think this is a normal part of the ebb and flow of supply and demand.
Ed Bastian: Yes, Linda, this is Ed. Let me be very clear. We are very happy with the refinery. They are doing a great job. And yes, we expect they will continue to generate profits as they have historically for Delta over time.
Ed Bastian: Don’t forget, this was a refinery that was closed. And when we reopened it, we added 40% more supply, the jet fuel into the New York harbor. That alone was a substantial benefit for Delta. And to the extent it benefits our colleagues and industry all the better.
