Jill Sullivan Greer: Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us for our December quarter call. Joining us in Atlanta today are Richard Anderson, our CEO, Ed Bastian, our President and Paul Jacobson our Chief Financial Officer. We have the rest of the leadership team here in the room for our Q&A session. Richard will open the call, Ed will then address our financial and revenue performance, and Paul will conclude with a review of our cost performance and cash flow. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted and you can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, I'll turn the call over to our Richard.
Jill Sullivan Greer: Kelly Ann, that’s going to wrap up our prepared remarks and we are ready for Q&A, if you could give the instructions to the queue.
Jill Sullivan Greer: And that may conclude the analyst portion of the call. And I am now going to the turn the call over the Kevin Shinkle our Chief Communications Officer for the media portion of the call.
Jill Sullivan Greer: Hey, thank you. Well with that, we’ll conclude our earnings conference call. Thanks to everyone for listening.
Glen Hauenstein: Sorry, Mike, it’s Glen. We are adjusting based on the fuel and of course in Japan it is a formulaic. Sometimes we are -- in the past we’ve been able to roll that surcharge best peers [ph] as they’ve change, but I’m not predicting what the future is, what we want to comment and how we think that will roll out in future.
Glen Hauenstein: It depends on the circumstance. In the case of the Paris attacks we started making substantial changes to Brussels and Paris capacity within a week or so. So, I think it really depends on severity and whether or not we believe that we would generate cash by flying it or not generate it. We’re able to park the airplane at any point in time, so if you were looking at – I don’t think its ever been four months, I think its probably three months at the outside for just a general slight bias up or down, but on specific actions relating to big changes in demand I think we can do that pretty much real time.
Glen Hauenstein: Andrew, hi, its Glen. I think there is really three things we’re concentrating on. One is the continuing up gauge of the airline which we have a lot of great and I think innovative programs in place whether it not identification that Paul talked about or whether it’s the continued retiring of the 50 seat airplane and upgauging the airline more to be a mainline airline. So we have that as a couple of points. And actually the fleet count remains less. When you ask about the commitment and really Jamie asked before what the lower boundary was and we have plenty of space on the lower boundary. What we really plan for the upper boundary in terms of how many airplanes do we have coming in and how many pilots that we hired. That’s really what determine and why we can say with confidence zero to or two, because that’s really running our factories as efficiently as we could. We can always step back from that if the economic conditions changed. But the investments for this year are really and filling everything we’ve started before continuing to get Kennedy to its full 250 departure per day. We think if 250 departure a day since connectivity is expediential that we will really see some aggressive improvements in return in Kennedy as well as Seattle which more and more is relying not only on the Seattle local traffic but on the connectivity that we’re generating through Seattle at this point from the entire Pacific Northwest, so really those are two key linchpins along with upgauging and making our existing hubs more efficient.
Richard Anderson: Hi, Julie. Yes, it certainly push additional pressure on getting to a positive RASM result and we made those comments this morning based on where the four sit today, but clearly crude were to fall another 15%, 20% and some people are calling for over the next few month that will put incremental pressure. These are good trades and we’re happy about crude continuing to fall, but we want to make sure our investor base understands that we appreciate the importance of getting the positive RASM and we’re certainly doing through the network actions, pricing actions, what we can to get the revenue line about the water line.
Richard Anderson: Yes. This is Richard. We have a bias to holding our core CapEx at around the 3 billion number, and the reason why is – that is really the optimum number that we can execute on a given 12-month period and have a high confidence of delivering the benefits on the time line we lay out. So that really is linchpin to our capital allocation strategy. We do believe that we’re going to have substantially better operating cash flows because low fuel prices is very good for our business overall. We have a bias toward applying that to share buyback. So, I think its reasonable to expect just as we said in our prepared remarks that in 2015 we hit nearly 70% of returning our cash to our owners. And I would expect that we would expect that given the performance that we’re on pace to achieve that our share buyback number would be materially higher in 2016 than it was in 2015. Now, also understand that we have – we’re going to close the Aeromexico transaction, expected to close in the first half of the year which will drive about $800 million of cash, but that will a quick and immediate return as our investment in Virgin did. So, core CapEx at 3. We have the Aeromexico investment coming, but longer term our bias is to put the money in share buyback.
Richard Anderson: Maybe one other way to think about this is if you look at full year 2015 results and we expect to be able to repeat this at least this performance in 2016. In 2015, our operating revenues were up 1%, so top-line was up 1%. Our fuel expenses were down 20%, and our EPS was up 38%. We took a lot of that to the bottom line. That – it means it’s pretty remarkable that our top-line went up 1% in 2015, and we were able to take 20% which was 2.2 and this is after fuel hedge losses. We took 2.286 lower fuels and produced a 38% improvement in EPS.
Richard Anderson: Yes. This is Richard. Let me give the case in point, which is the pilot shortage at the regional. The pilot shortage at the regionals, we adjust that weekly. And bottom line is you can do a pretty dramatic schedule change in 30 days.
Richard Anderson: Hey, Duane. We’re pretty optimistic relative to what you read on CNBC or Wall Street Journal or some of the thunders out there that are predicting the future. We are booked ahead in terms of load factor for each of the months for February, March, April and really add into early summer, in case of early summer, its little bit early to call that, but we see demand is very strong and I think one of the issues that we’ve talked to our investors about is that dividend or that the American consumer has gotten from lower fuel whether or not its heating their home or whether or not its filling up their car with gas and where they’re reinvesting and they seem to be willing to reinvest that into Airline purchases, but at slightly low fares and those lower fares are being generated by the lower price of fuel, but core demand strength seems very strong in terms of corporate and core demand strength in terms of leisure seems strong as well for as far as we can see in the next 30, 60, 90 days.
Richard Anderson: Let me answer the first question first. The first question is we intended to have all four fare products on all markets by 2018, so that was the easy one. The second one is about the dilution of revenue for basic economy from customers that are in the corporate world and what upside that might have. And I would say that is an indirect benefit and we think that’s in that the several hundred million dollar a year range, based on our trial where we are today.
Richard Anderson: We’re not at liberty to comment. It’s really up to the commissioners and the Mayor’s office and we appreciate the support we perceive but there’s a long way to go yet.
Richard Anderson: Yes and the fact, this is Richard. If I could just add something to that. You know we’re really proud to own the trainer refinery; it’s a great group of professional people that operate that refinery. And if you look at the industry data, it is now the top performing refinery in pad 1 in the Northeastern U.S. So it’s a core and critical strategic asset for Delta.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning Julie. Thanks for the question. Clearly, you highlighted the biggest drivers in the first quarter and as I mentioned in the prepared remarks the core CASM is weighted more towards the front half of the year as a result of the fact they were lapping those two increases in the first quarter. So, we’re going to continue to manage it. We feel good about it as we head into and through 2016.
Paul Jacobson: For us it was really simple in Q4. Our revenues were roughly – excuse me, our capacity was roughly flat. Our revenues were down about two points, but that was almost entirely due to the FX impacts on the international. So, by definition we drove all the recovery of savings to fuel to the bottom line or certainly the vast majority of it. As fuel continues to decline that continue to put some incremental pressure on it, but the pricing environment where we stand today is allowing us to do that because we’ve taken some pretty aggressive network actions to accommodate.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, it’s Paul. You know I would say that what we announced today is really a function of the continued uncertainty and volatility that are in the markets today. We think there will continue to be opportunities out there. We’re still committed to hedging over the longer term, but feel this is the right time to just kind of sit on the sideline and wait it out.
Paul Jacobson: You know we don’t candidly all the numbers we have on this table in front of me, we actually don’t track that number per se. I think what you have to look it is what the value is that we receive from upgauging and that’s really reflected in our operating margin.
Paul Jacobson: You know, it’s our policy to not comment about our future actions with respect to competitive dynamics in the marketplace.
Paul Jacobson: Hi Linda, this is Paul Jacobson. You know primarily its related to the crack spread environment that we see. You know distillate cracks are down which is very very good for the airline since we are a substantial consumer of jet fuel, but the refinery is actually doing a fantastic job in terms of reliability and operational performance. So we are very pleased with the results.
Ed Bastian: We did as you know; we closed December revenues with a little stronger momentum than we were anticipating in the guide and we see that continuing into the first quarter, so, its combination of lower fuel and certainly or marginally improved revenue.
Ed Bastian: Duane, this is Ed. Let me add to that, because we also see as I’ve said in the remarks, continued strength in corporate demand. Our corporate demand in the fourth quarter was up 3% across the Board. Obviously, internationally it was down a bit in Europe given some of the effects of the Paris attacks. But broadly speaking our corporates continue to tell us that they expect growth in 2016 over 2015 level. So I think this really gets down to a question if the volumes are there, we flew the Christmas season and the Thanksgiving season with some of the strongest load factors in our history. And people translate that into what it means with revenue, there is certainly pricing pressure out there from the fact that fuel prices are half of what they were a year ago, but our yield to run average were down about 4% in the quarter, so both of that fall into the bottom line and our business looks pretty healthy.
Ed Bastian: Savi, this is Ed. It’s really a function that we have put less capacity out. The overall rate of improvement continues at the same level.
Ed Bastian: We have a policy of not commenting upon the competitive – future competitive dynamics in the market place.
Ed Bastian: You know they brought the C-Series to Atlanta right before Christmas and we met with Fred Cromer, President of Bombardier and it’s a pretty impressive airplane. The geared turbofan is the really the first big innovation since the Boeing 787, revolutionized the composite structure for the body the fuselage of the airplane. So, we actually think that at right price it’s quite a competitive airplane particular given the engine technology. So we’re taking a very serious look at it.
Ed Bastian: Hi. This is Ed. We’re – as Richard mentioned on a call a week ago, we have entered into a non-binding MOU with LALA [ph] and the board, and at this point in time we are working with the board on hopefully turning that into a binding intent over the next number of months and we’re not really at liberty to comment on that.
