Jill Greer: Thanks, Jake. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our March quarter earnings call. Joining us from Atlanta today are our CEO, Ed Bastian; our President, Glen Hauenstein; and our CFO, Paul Jacobson. Our entire leadership team is here in the room for the Q&A session. Ed will open the call and give an overview of Delta’s financial performance, Glen will then address the revenue environment, and Paul will conclude with a review of our cost performance and cash flows. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta’s SEC filings. We’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted, and you can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, here’s Ed.
Jill Greer: Thanks, Paul. Jake, we’re ready for questions from the analysts. If you could give them instructions on how to get in the queue.
Jill Greer: That’s going to wrap up the analyst portion of the call. Before we turn it over to media, I just want to say behalf of the entire IR team that you have been a fantastic partner for us.
Jill Greer: We look forward working with him and we’d been lucky to work with and learn from one of the best. Now, we’ll hand it over to the media team.
Jill Greer: With that, I would like to close by thanking everybody for their time today, particularly thanking everybody for their time today, particularly thanking Ed, Glen, and Paul for their comments. I’d add my personal thanks to Ned for his help during these weeks of transition and thank everyone again for your time and we will see you on July 11 for second quarter.
Ed Bastian: Well, my thoughts are it’s a good problem to worry about, Joe. We are – first of all, we’re pleased and thrilled with the new renewal. AmEx is an awesome partner, and our two brands line up so well strategically and with our customers and our people. As we grow our loyalty program, you’re right, there will be a question of disclosure in terms of providing better insight from an ownership perspective and a governance perspective into the drivers of our profitability into the future and whether that’s in a segment or whatever disclosure form, I’m not sure what it will take. But it’s something that we’ve been giving greater disclosure to as you know, and we will continue to consider that.
Ed Bastian: Joe, to add on to Paul’s comments, I agree with him. I think it’s a great start to the year. We’re excited with how the first quarter came, but I think it’s still early to be raising full-year expectations whether it’s in guidance or for profitability, EPS or cash flow. We do face a lot of volatility in oil prices. And while demand has been solid, I’d like to at least get through the second quarter before reassessing those full-year expectations. So from my perspective, I’d say, we’re cautiously optimistic. We’ll be in the top half of the guidance range that we gave you, both on EPS, as well as on free cash, but we’re not ready to raise those ranges or expectations right at this moment.
Ed Bastian: Well, I’d say, it’s premature to be speculating on the NMA. It’s – Boeing has not even approved the release of it for sale. So I think we’re a little early here. We are – we consider all components of the aircraft and the revenues and the opportunities that it brings. As we evaluate a new fleet family, it was an important consideration in making decision on the 321 Neo, which product we went to with the Geared Turbofan, as well as the MRO benefits that provided. It will certainly be in the consideration side as we think about the NMA, but I think trying to get down to that level of speculation probably is way too early.
Ed Bastian: Well, I – yes, that’s a question obviously for AmEx, as well as for us. We are – when we think about AmEx and our relationship, we think for the very long-term, we don’t think in terms of contract periods and renewal extensions. AmEx – one of the real attractive components to AmEx is the presence it has and the opportunity it creates in some of our high-value segments. So, yes, if you’re asking, “Do we invest in acquiring high-value potential customers early in their life?” Absolutely. And it’s one of the reasons, I think, our brands aligned so well, because we have similar strategies in terms of how we think about our brands and how we think about consumers.
Ed Bastian: Duane, we are under contract confidentiality obviously with American Express that you can appreciate. I can tell you with all of the above. And as we get further into the new contract, I think, some of those – your questions will start to answer themselves.
Ed Bastian: Well, Helane, the good news in that is a lot of the growth that we need is now contractually provided for with our relationships with Rolls-Royce on the Trent, as well as on the Pratt & Whitney in the geared turbofan. As those products come to market, the geared turbofan is still early in its introduction, as well as the new – from the new trend products, you will see that the revenue ramp towards the back-end of that period at a higher clip than you’ll see in the front part of that five-year period. This year, we’re doing well. We’re looking for double-digit growth top line, as well as margin improvement from the MRO, but it really starts to take off pardon the pun over the next couple of years.
Ed Bastian: Well, you’re right. We’re not going to talk about our discussions with our pilots. We have just begun and it’s going to take quite sometime to reach a productive conclusion. When we think about our company, we think about all the constituents that are important to our company; all of our employees, not just our pilots that they will create the opportunity and the value that we’ve already created and as well as the future. We think about the investment needs that we have to make, continued in our product, in our growth. We think about the investments we need to make in our customers, investments we need to make in our communities, as well as the investments we need to continue to make in our owners. So in that context, I’m certain we’ll reach a good and fair conclusion of our pilot negotiations, but it’s – we’re not going to do it publicly and it’s more premature to even begin to speculate on any construct there.
Ed Bastian: Dave, it’s a good try. I’ll give you the same answer I gave last time. We’re under confidentiality and we can’t give you those specific drivers in terms of – but it is all the above. Obviously, we’re going to be investing alongside AmEx in new cardholder, not just acquisitions, but development in terms of spend and portfolio size and range and the opportunities to expand in that regard. Economics of the card obviously have improved itself in terms of coming back to Delta. So let’s say, those are a couple of the main drivers.
Ed Bastian: Let me – yes, let me suggest that we have pretty good optimism on getting to the $7 billion in that timeframe we gave.
Ed Bastian: Well, as you know, we’ve faced and have faced significant competition from low-fare and ultra low-fare carriers in the Transatlantic for quite sometime, so this is not something new. And we’re sitting in a very good position we think with our partnerships in the Transatlantic and with our core products and services that will continue to improve over the next months and years, so we feel very secure. And as you look at Transatlantic capacity, there are always new entrants coming and there are always entrants leaving, if you will. So we’ll see what the supply and demand balance is, but we’ve had a very good couple of years in the Transatlantic and we expect that to continue.
Ed Bastian: As you know, last year was one of the best years we’ve had in many years in the Transatlantic, and this year is shaping up to be another great year. So I think the data points would suggest that we’re in a very good spot.
Ed Bastian: It sounds like a 30-minute game show, Jamie. Listen, we are – we were clear in our comments that we – this contract extension will lead us to our goal of being not just the most valuable card in the industry, but one of the most valuable cards in consumer cards in the world. I don’t know that we’re number one at this moment. As we sit here within our industry, though I certainly expect over the next – the next few years, we should be number one. Relative ranking, I’d have to give some thought to how you’d want to – what kind of cost you like to allocate to all those revenue categories that you gave us.
Ed Bastian: Well, I don’t know, Mike. You know obviously, the aircraft that we’re going to be taking next year out of mobile, you would think would be – should be exempt from a potential tariff issue.
Ed Bastian: Dan, as you know, we’re not going to speculate on future strategic investments on the call. The one that’s – that’s out there that we have indicated we’re discussions with is Alitalia and I – you know, I’ve confirmed that several times publicly that we are talking to the rail system of Italy FS, as well as with the Alitalia. Leadership in the Italian government about potentially making an investment, but it’s not – it’s not the size that I think we’d wanted us to, you know, getting into a discussion of what that means for our use of free cash flow. I think that will – that will be an investment that’s somewhat limited and we’ll spend – we certainly haven’t made a decision in terms of climbing on that.
Ed Bastian: And to be clear on Glen’s comments that 20% to 25% is [at the] Transatlantic JV not at Delta, so it was obviously a much smaller part of Delta.
Ed Bastian: Great, Jill. If we could as we transition to the questions and answers from members of the media, if you’d wouldn’t mind just repeating the instructions and the reminder that we just like to keep the questions themselves as succinct and short as possible with one follow-up to allow us to get to as many of these as we possibly could.
Ed Bastian: David, this is Ed. We – you know, it’s – the Max, it represents a really small part of our industry’s market share at this point, and we’re not going to get into any specific details relative to the interline arrangements we have with some of our partners that maybe flying that product.
Ed Bastian: We are not going to speculate on either the size of our investment other than what we’ve already said, or the time it’s going to take to bring that to a conclusion.
Ed Bastian: So, we don’t look at it as reducing the number of premium seats because we’re introducing an entirely new cabin on the airplane, so what we’re trying to do is best match the consumer demand with the products and services that we have. So, if you look at the total premium seats on those airplanes, they’re actually increasing as we introduce Delta Premium Select to the international marketplace and that will be complete, but on all of the international light bodies by 2021, and we’re very excited with the initial returns that customers are selecting that. I think when we look back at what customers wanted to buy from us years back, we had coach and then we had a flight bed and there were so many opportunities to satisfy consumer demands in between. So now having all five cabins available I think we feel very comfortable with the size of each one of those.
Ed Bastian: Sure. We -- you know, as we as stated in January, we continued to work through that. That is a – it’s been a long process because it’s been a complex one. We still do that. We have no update to that guidance at this point.
Ed Bastian: Sure. The refinery has always been a strong asset for Delta and the process that we outlined was in an effort to try to find ways to strategically enhance that value to Delta. But as we look at both the forward curves out – in the out years, the potential prospects of increased prices of jet fuel as it relates to IMO 2020, there’s obviously a forward view of profitability at that refinery which will serve as a very effective counter effect to increasing fuel prices, not only the direct production from the refinery, but also the fact that we’ve been able to use that production to lower our prices throughout the country and throughout all the sites where we purchase jet fuel has created a sustainable advantage for Delta and we don’t expect that to change under any circumstance.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, we continue to see it grow significantly beyond 2023. And really one of the great reasons that we have for accelerating the renewal of the contract is that we can continue to invest in new products and services for consumers that we think will make the card relatively more and more attractive and drive continued acquisition. And that was really one of the main reasons to go ahead and do that at this point in time. So we are excited about the future of that. As I pointed out in the earnings call, we did have another record acquisition in the script. We had another record acquisition quarter in the first quarter. And as we start up the second quarter, acquisitions remain very strong, and I think if we can continue to provide the kind of value to customers that they want to acquire the card, which we have a great plan for with American Express we will meet or exceed those expectations by 2023 and beyond.
Glen Hauenstein: I don’t think that’s what we see at all. As a matter of fact forward yields for every month out through the second quarter are in positive territory on higher bookings. So we see relatively robust leisure demand as we enter the second quarter.
Glen Hauenstein: Mobile is by far the fastest growing, and it’s about 20% of our direct bookings – 20% to 25% of our direct bookings. And it seems like every week and every month it moves on, mobile becomes a bigger and bigger chunk of total bookings. So that’s really the place that we see an incredible amount of growth and that’s where consumers are seeming to want to go in order to book delta.com, they will book directly with Delta. So very exciting and we have lots of great new releases coming this year, which we think will continue to enhance that customer experience with more and more utility that you can have in the palm of your hand.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes, I don’t think we want to disclose the details of our interline agreements with our partners. But it is not the fare that the customers paid, we’ll say that and we do have interline agreements with the two major US carriers that are our competitors and that’s – two or the three that are experiencing those small cancellations.
Glen Hauenstein: I think now most of them have taken those out, so they are trying to get proactive and get way ahead of the re-accommodation, so we don’t expect a significant number of day of departure re-accommodations from them.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, UK is about 20% to 25% if you include the virgin piece, and much less for us, and what we’re seeing is actually fairly decent summer travel to the UK both in business and in coach, so we have – the second quarter, we’re expecting UK unit revenues to be flat to up slightly. And so, while we have waited for years for the impact of Brexit on air travel, it has not yet materialized, and we’ll keep a close eye on it and if we have to make adjustments, we will, but, you know, I think there is so much uncertainty around what it actually is, hard for us to action it at this time.
