Jill Sullivan Greer: Thanks Sherlon. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us on our March quarter call. Speaking on the call today will be Richard Anderson, Delta’s CEO, Ed Bastian, our President and Paul Jacobson our Chief Financial Officer. Richard will open the call, Ed will then address our financial and revenue performance, and Paul will conclude with a review of cost performance and cash flow. We have the entire leadership team here with us in the room for the Q&A session. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted. And you can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measure on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to our CEO, Richard Anderson. 
Jill Sullivan Greer: Thanks Richard, Ed and Paul. Sherlon, we are now already to go to the Q&A session, if you could give everybody their instructions.
Jill Sullivan Greer: That is going to conclude the analyst portion of the phone call. I'm going to turn the call over to Ned Walker for the media. 
Richard H. Anderson: Well, if you listen to my initial remarks closely, they were all geared toward making the shareholder the priority in our decision-making queue. And if you look at our capacity management over the past decade, it's been the most disciplined and will continue to be the most disciplined. And as we said at our annual Investor Day last December the growth that we are putting in the marketplace today is below GDP estimated growth. And second, we're actually doing what we're doing with fewer shells. This quarter, we operated with seven fewer total airplanes in the fleet. So that will continue to be the kind of discipline that we have at Delta because we are focused on return – not just return, but for the whole airline, we like to look at returns by fleet and by sub-fleet.Jamie N. Baker – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Excellent, always helpful to hear. Thank you, gentlemen.
Richard H. Anderson: Mike, this is Richard. As to your second question, we wouldn’t answer it on the call anyway, because that’s kind of like doing the Virgin transaction or the Aeromexico transaction or the GOL transaction. We’re not going to discuss that publicly. But I think the reason, I mean candidly, one of the reason why those firms are doing well is heads on both their boards.Michael Linenberg – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very good. All right, well thank you.
Richard H. Anderson: John, we’re not giving third quarter guidance on this call. Obviously, the momentum is strong in the business and there will be a time to talk about that, but it’s not now.John D. Godyn – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Fair enough. I was hoping the team could also elaborate a bit on the aircraft RFP. There were some comments, I think, in the press about a hopeful outlook on the A330 NEO. On the other hand of course the team is very ROIC focused, and I guess there is a third component to that how it relates to the long-term CapEx guidance that you’ve all spoken to.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, we are just testing the market and it will be a pretty long process to see whether there is anything that makes sense from an ROIC standpoint, and the number could be, it could be a lot less than the number that we’ve talked about there. It just depends on what happens when we get the RFP responses back. And what we’ve said in our long-term guidance, it remains unchanged. We’re finished with all the flat-bed mods and you saw this year we’re down at – we’re at a number of about $2.3 billion in CapEx. So, we’re going to continue to make certain that whatever investments we do make are consistent with what you’ve seen us do in terms of return on invested capital and returning capital to shareholders.John D. Godyn – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Richard H. Anderson: We have 24 perfect completion factor days year-to-date. And we’ve been able to manage through that actually quite effectively because the way our pilot agreement was already set up, we had a fair amount of flexibility in terms of being able to manage to the new rules and we put a lot of work into our systems and our planning in advance of 117. In fact, we asked the FAA to let us start a little bit early so that we could have it for the full month of January for the purposes of planning. So you see it or not, we don’t break out separately that kind of detail in our non-fuel CASM, but you can see overall our non-fuel CASM in the quarter was excellent.
Richard H. Anderson: Yes, we will participate and we’re eligible to participate in the program and plan on being able to qualify for much of the $2 million in grants.Helane R. Becker – Cowen and Company, LLC: Great. Okay and that would show up I guess in what passenger revenue or that would just…
Richard H. Anderson: No, it's rents and landing fees. It's a reduction. The way it's properly accounted for is – it will just be a straight reduction in rents and landing fees, but we don't call that out by airport. So you are not going to be able to see it in the P&L.Helane R. Becker – Cowen and Company, LLC:  And it’s a small number but still I mean you might as well take advantage of that if you can get it.
Richard H. Anderson: Although Atlanta is by far the most efficient airport to land an airplane in the United States, I think our landing fee to give you an idea, our landing fee cost in Atlanta are half of what Miami is.Helane R. Becker – Cowen and Company, LLC: Awesome that’s really great. Thank you so much for your help.
Richard H. Anderson: No, there is no reason to expect that to change. The changes within the network are not that material.
Richard H. Anderson: Tom, we don't give that level of detail. We did say that China was positive and obviously our Japanese flying was the main source of the negative unit revenue driven by the yen devaluation.Thomas Kim – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then just with regards to cargo, this has been an area where we've seen, I guess now a couple of years of weakness. Obviously not a huge part of the revenue, but it is one that's still a slight drag. And I was just wondering, if you can elaborate on what percentage of this is coming from domestic versus international, and are you seeing any signs that the cargo should recover? Thanks.
Richard H. Anderson: We are not seeing much signs of recovery. It continues to be a very difficult. Most of our the cargo weaknesses coming on the international front versus the domestic front and there is a lot of yield and as well as tonnage pressure that it's not unique to Delta, as you are seeing it across not just the U.S. industry, you are seeing on a global scale. There is too much capacity, cargo capacity out there in a lot of these international markets. Thomas Kim – Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right, okay. Thanks a lot.
Richard H. Anderson: International has gone through a pretty significant amount of consolidation, and if you just go by a region, when we look at our business down in Latin America, you had significant consolidation in Mexico. There is one single flag carrier in Mexico now and they are exclusive partners with Delta. You've had consolidation in South America with LAN-TAM merger, the Avianca-TACA merger, so the world is really evolving there very quickly in much the same way as the U.S. If you look in the trans-Atlantic, as Ed pointed out, that's been consistently our very best performer, and our immunized joint venture and the immunized joint ventures essentially have three global alliances now in that marketplace. And in Asia, when you look at the TransPac market, it's really clustered around the three alliances. So we’ve seen a good market dynamics in the regions that we operate around the world and we continue to expect that worldwide consolidation will continue.Joe W. DeNardi – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay and then for Paul. At the Analyst Day, the CapEx outlook was more like $2 million to $2.5 million, now it's 50% of cash flow. Can you help me understand why that's the right way to frame it longer-term, rather than saying, this is what we need to invest and 75% or whatever the number is goes back to shareholders, I feel like that's more along the lines of what an industrials company would do, so interested to hear your thoughts on that. 
Richard H. Anderson: I would add one other thing; the great piece of discipline in our business is driving to a return on invested capital metric. Delta has shown a strong capability of hitting very high internal rate of return targets for a very measured investments internally. And I would focus on the return on invested capital number and making certain that we hold to that number and produce those kinds of returns on a consistent basis.Joe W. DeNardi – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.:  Okay, thanks guys.
Richard H. Anderson: The revenues from the Virgin JV do show on the revenue line to the extent they are coming on Delta metal Virgin passengers, but most of the benefits at this point in time will show on the non-op line.Hunter K. Keay – Wolfe Research LLC: And are there ASMs associated with that Ed, and thanks a lot.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, Fifth Freedoms under the Chicago Convention way back in the 1940s were never intended to be used the way that they were used in those circumstances. And so, we’re optimistic that the decision of the Italian court will be a precedent that will be followed in other venues, because it was never the intention. The Fifth Freedoms were originally intended to take into account the range of airplanes to be able to fly nonstop, and it wasn’t intended to in essence set up operations between two countries neither of which you are citizen of, so – as standalone operations. So we’re pleased with the result and we will be very vigilant as an industry and being certain that these kinds of unbalanced trade activities from state-owned subsidized enterprises don’t create an unfair trade environment.Jack Nicas – The Wall Street Journal:  Thank you very much.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, we have played a significant role opposing it, and it’s not so much the reauthorization. It’s the bank needs to be reformed. There is no transparency around what it does with tax payers’ money in the United States and it creates a huge subsidy for state-owned carriers in the United States. So in essence while we don’t have any aviation Airline policy, co-gen airline policy in the United States, our treasury goes and we get a very good view of this, because the companies that we own interests in, down in Brazil and Aeromexico, we get a pretty good glimpse of the kinds of financings that the Ex-Im Bank provides and they’re well below market. And they’re competing against private marketplace, alternatives to capital and we believe there needs to be reform. And there is a place for the Bank in the marketplace when the bank was originally setup, back 60 or 70 years ago. It was to provide seed financing in developing nations. And now we’re providing, at a time when we run huge deficits in the United States, we’re taking the United States Treasury, the United States balance sheet and we’re financing investment grade state-owned airlines at borrowing costs that are probably around 300 basis points less than what Delta would pay, and that’s just not right for our government to do that. So there’s a place for the bank, but the bank needs to be reformed and it needs to be transparent and it shouldn’t be providing financing in any instance where there’s a private market alternative. And our concerns are only limited to widebody airplanes. Not narrowbody airplanes or industrial equipment or the like. I will point out that both Valero Energy and Cleveland-Cliffs Steel have both also filed objections in their industries in instances where the Bank has financed their foreign competitors to compete against U.S. interests. In the end, it's about jobs, and I can tell you that when the Ex-Im does this, as in the case of Air India, it takes jobs away from the United States.
Richard H. Anderson: Yes, we are gaining traction. At the last ASU negotiation, we significantly increased the financing costs by a couple of hundred basis points. Second, in the last round of reauthorization, there were transparency requirements, which have been largely ignored, and there was a requirement that the United States, State Department and Treasury engage with EU authorities to negotiate an end to – both the EU and the U.S. run these huge, huge deficits. And the last thing they need to be doing is further funding those deficits by financing airplanes. Okay, Sherlon with that we have time for one more quick question.
Paul A. Jacobson: Good morning, Savi. This is Paul. The upgraded work has been completed. We have been producing approximately 50% distillate products throughout the month of March. We do expect that we will be profitable in the June quarter.Savanthi Syth – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. All right, thanks so much.
Paul A. Jacobson: Hi, Dan this is Paul. Yes, when we outlined that $1 billion structural cost savings, there were a number of the buckets in there. Gauge was just one of them, which we had highlighted about $350 million a year of run rate benefits out of that program. We're probably still in the sort of early to middle stages of that process as we've just begun receiving and getting in a steady flow of 717s and some of the 7060 regional jet deliveries, so we still have more to come.Dan J. McKenzie – The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks everybody.
Paul A. Jacobson: Well, their strength will fairly be in Q2 and Q3. I mentioned then we're expecting them to be profitable for the year, but we haven't given the guidance as to what that number is. So you can expect to see positive contributions in both Q2 and Q3, and hopefully Q4 as well.Duane Pfennigwerth – Evercore Partners, Inc.:  Thanks. And then, just lastly, on your 10% to 12% EBIT margin target, what happens if you exceed that in a given year? Does the target change? And thanks for taking the questions.
Paul A. Jacobson: That expectation, Duane, is over the cycle. So we would expect certain years that we would be on the upper end of that range.Duane Pfennigwerth – Evercore Partners, Inc.: Thanks.
Paul A. Jacobson: Sure, Joe good morning. What we've outlined is 50% of CapEx as part of a broader, more balanced capital allocation strategy for all the cash that's generated inside the Company. I think that's been in line with that sort of $2 million to $2.5 million level, against the cash flow that we have been generating over time. So as we continue to evolve down that space, I think that's subject to continue modification for the size and the cash generation of the Company.
