Glen Hauenstein: Thank you, Ed, and good morning. I want to start by thanking our employees for their hard work and dedication. They are the Delta difference. Revenue for the June quarter increased 5.4% year-over-year to a record $15.4 billion. Total unit revenue was down 2.6% compared to last year, below our guidance due to three dynamics. First, domestic industry seat growth accelerated into the summer months beyond normal demand growth. This has impacted main cabin unit revenue trends through the summer. With scheduled seat growth decelerating into the fall, June and July will be the low point with unit revenue trends expected to significantly improve in August and beyond. Second, we are seeing about a $100 million impact on travel to Paris for the Olympics from June to August. Outside of this temporary event, summer travel demand to Europe is strong and consistent with our expectations. And lastly, as Ed noted, we ran a great operation with a high completion factor. Premium continued to outperform and differentiate our results. Premium revenue was up 10% over prior year with positive unit revenue growth. We have runway ahead as we continue adding more premium seats to our aircraft, improving our retailing capabilities, and further segmenting our products. Loyalty has also outperformed with revenue up 8% as our SkyMiles member base continues to expand. Spend growth in our co-brand card portfolio is expected to continue outpacing the credit card industry. American Express Renumeration for the quarter was $1.9 billion, up 9% year-over-year. Cargo revenue was 16% higher than the previous year, a significant improvement from the last 12 months, and we are encouraged by the trends we're seeing. Diverse revenue streams generated 56% of total revenue. These valuable revenue streams led by premium and loyalty are continuing higher growth and margins underpinning Delta's industry-leading financial performance and increasing our financial durability. Domestic passenger revenue was up 5% over the prior year, and international passenger revenue grew up 4% over last year's record June quarter. As the business carrier of choice, Delta benefited from double-digit volume growth in this high-value segment with broad demand and growth across all sectors. Looking forward, demand for travel on Delta remains robust. Our core customer base is healthy, and demand for premium products continues to outperform the main cabin. We expect the strong growth in business travel to continue, with 90% of companies in our recent corporate survey saying they intend to maintain or increase travel volumes in the back half of the year. International demand is strong and continues to benefit from demographic shifts, US point-of-sale changes, and an extension of the leisure travel season. As our international network and core hubs approach full restoration and we return to a more normal cadence of retiring aircraft, Delta's capacity growth decelerates into the second half of the year. For the September quarter, we expect capacity growth of 5% to 6% and revenue growth of 2% to 4%. Total unit revenue is expected to sequentially improve each month. In domestic, we expect an inflection to positive unit revenue growth in the month of September. We also expect transatlantic unit revenue trends to improve into the fall. And in Latin America, we expect unit revenue trends to progressively improve through the back half of the year. Lastly, in the Pacific, we are continuing to restore our network and are very pleased with the early results from our new service to Taipei and the success of our partnership with Korean Air. Pacific margins are sustaining at a meaningfully higher level than pre-pandemic due to our multi-year restructuring driving sustainable profitability. For the full year, we expect to deliver a sustained unit revenue premium, double-digit margins and returns well in excess of our cost of capital. Our ability to deliver these outstanding results while the industry works to reestablish equilibrium reflects Delta's growing differentiation and leadership. In closing, I want to congratulate the Delta team for an outstanding first half of 2024. We are well positioned to continue our momentum through the second half and for years to come. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dan to talk about the financials.
Glen Hauenstein: Sure, Conor. I wouldn't say we are minimally booked. We probably have about [one-third] (ph) of September bookings domestically on hand, so we have a good base. And the base we have is substantially better than the base we had going into July and August at minus 60 days. So we see a much better base. And then of course, the core economics of the industry's capacity continuing to come down and going back into a more normalized business season where business tends to tick up from August to September. So I think when you think about one of our core strengths being business, July and August, that's not ever been peak for business. So as we move back into the business season given the trends we've seen in business demand, we think that will be another uplift. So really confident about our September numbers and really confident that not only is domestic improving substantially but international is also improving dramatically.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I'll comment on the capacity and then let Ed take the broader question. On capacity, I do think, listen this is an industry that's always challenging itself for how much capacity can it be in the marketplace. And I've been doing this for 40 years and I've never seen the industry react so quickly to an oversupply. So we've really only been in an oversupply situation for a couple of months here, and the industry has already reacted. And I think that's very different than it was years ago where it would stay for prolonged periods of time. So I'm really excited about how the industry is behaving at this point. And for the broader question, I'll turn it back to Ed.
Glen Hauenstein: Actually, long-haul south has inflected to positive and it is remaining solidly positive throughout the third quarter here. So we're pretty excited about those results. And yes, still not lapping the reduction in capacity in the leisure short-haul portfolio. But that is in play, and it looks that the industry is going to be much more disciplined in terms of capacity levels this winter versus last winter. So we are looking at really positive momentum of that moving forward and that continuing.
Glen Hauenstein: I think you're going to have to come to Investor Day to hear more about that. We've talked conceptually about that. I think we'll be giving you more details as we get, but we are not ready to talk about the details of those plans moving forward. I think the Investor Day this year should be very exciting.
Glen Hauenstein: That's a lot. I think what we are very excited about this year is this is the first year that we have ubiquity in Delta Premium Select. And that program has exceeded our internal expectations with load factors in the mid-to-high 80s and fare structures that are more than 2 times what coach fares are. So really great margins there, great margins continuing in D One, domestic first leading the pack in domestic industry. We're really excited to start rolling out DPS in the [TransCon] (ph) this fall with all of our JFK-LA for those of you who follow this industry. The largest revenue market in the country is JFK-LA and having a full suite of products in that marketplace, we think will be very accretive. And we're out selling it now and September, October, advances already look very strong there. So I think continuing that elevation, the margins continue to be really in sequence with the best products continuing to have the highest margins and the Main Cabin coach having the lowest margins.
Glen Hauenstein: I think we are not going to give capacity growth for 2025 at this point. We've got a lot of runway left in this year. I’d point out one thing that I think is really important that we ought to just note is that the difference between seats and ASMs. And many of you work your models on ASMs. Others work on seats. And I would think when you're looking within an entity, it's really the seat count that is most important because we don't sell ASMs, we sell seats. And when you think about our capacity growth although it was 8%, we only grew our seats at about 5% or less. So there is a stage length difference. And our stage length is actually a little bit longer than we had in the plan because we saw some opportunities on some of the longer-haul flying as people restructure through the year. So I'd call it back to, let's not talk about ASMs. Let's talk about seats within theater. So I think that's a much better representation of what the industry is facing and one we ought to all key in on as we move forward and trying to figure out where the industry is going. So too early for '25 in terms of capacity. That will be clearly over the back half of the year, we'll reveal more about that. But secondly, try to think about seats as our measure domestically is what we're trying to sell.
Glen Hauenstein: So if you recall, yes we were heading into the writers' strike right about this time last year, and we were in the auto in the -- really in October time frame at its peak. So that was a -- I believe, we think that's about $100 million in terms of a headwind for us or a tailwind this year as we come into the fourth quarter.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. Well, ex Paris, we were positive. And so for those of you who follow my bet with -- and I lost my bet because Paris was a little bit bigger than we thought. So actually--.
Glen Hauenstein: That was an expensive miss for me, so good for the employee care fund though. And so as we look at past the Olympics, we see a very robust fall demand for transatlantic. And we're too early to say that it's inflected to positive yet because we have -- but it could very well inflect to positive. I would be disappointed if it didn't, but that's a personal opinion, not an official guide.
Glen Hauenstein: I think generally, we see the season extending as a whole group of people, whether or not it's retirees, whether or not it's people with double incomes and without children, who don't have the school concerns. It is actually a better time to go to Europe in September and October than it is potentially in July and August when the weather is so hot and everything is so packed. So we are really seeing an extension into September and October and really into through November that European demand across the Board is remaining strong. So that's very exciting for us. The same thing is happening in the leisure markets in the Pacific. Interestingly enough, Japan has turned into a US point-of-sale leisure market with the Yen hitting at JPY160. So we have really record numbers of US tourists heading to Japan, which is such a great destination. And again, that has a very strong fall season. So really looking at US origin, high-end leisure extending the season through October and into November.
Glen Hauenstein: That was the point, I think we should continue to reinforce is when you take away revenue streams, you have to replace them with other revenue streams. And so as the ULCCs look to make their product more value, they have to increase their base fares just to remain constant in terms of revenue. And I think that is maybe a missed point here is that's actually good for the industry.
Glen Hauenstein: Premium economy? We're just Premium Select. So that is mostly being bought like all of our products, at initial purchase. And as you know, we designed that to be flexible so people could do it post purchase. And they could do it with multiple forms of payment, including miles, as they upgrade for people whose companies might not allow them to buy those, that they could use their miles to upgrade into those. But still, over 80% come at initial booking.
Glen Hauenstein: Delta Premium Select, I think in terms of profitability, it is the third most profitable, right? Our Delta One is the most profitable. It really goes down, domestic first and then Delta Premium Select. So really in terms of the hierarchy, the more premium the product, the higher the margin.
Glen Hauenstein: The US and Japan business is quite strong. It has been since the end of the pandemic. And what we've seen is really a new Japan as a destination market. I think when the yen was JPY83, it was very difficult to be able to afford to go see Japan and all the great things that Japan has to offer. With the yen at JPY160, it's a very different world for US travelers, and they seem to be taking great advantage of that.
Dan Janki: Thank you, Glen, and good morning to everyone. For the June quarter, we delivered pre-tax income of $2 billion on a 15% operating margin. Earnings of $2.36 per share was in-line with our guidance and in-line with 2019 despite fuel prices that were more than 25% higher. Non-fuel CASM was up 0.6% year-over-year, more than 1 point better than guidance primarily on stronger completion factor. A great operation is the foundation of a competitive cost structure. And in the June quarter, we delivered a 99.5% system completion factor, including 13 cancel-free brand-perfect days. For the first half, Delta has delivered 39 brand perfect days, more than all of last year combined. Fuel prices average $2.64 per gallon for the quarter. This included a $0.06 benefit from a refinery profit of $60 million. Fuel efficiency was 1.1% better than last year, benefiting from the continued renewal of our fleet and running a great operation. Operating cash flow in the first half was $4.9 billion, and after reinvesting $2.3 billion back into the business, we generated free cash flow of $2.7 billion. Strong cash generation has supported debt repayment of $2.1 billion year-to-date, including $900 million of early repayments. Gross leverage ended the quarter at 2.8 times. We remain on track to repay $4 billion of debt this year and are committed to further strengthening our balance sheet with a focus on returning to full investment grade. Delta is currently investment-grade rated at Moody's and BB+ at both S&P and Fitch with all agencies with a positive outlook. With strong results and cash flow through the first half, we announced a 50% increase in our quarterly dividend. This puts our annualized dividend yield at just over 1%, in-line with the S&P 500. Now moving to the September quarter guidance. Combined with our outlook for top-line growth, we expect an operating margin of 11% to 13% with earnings of $1.70 to $2 per share. Fuel prices are expected to be $2.60 to $2.80 per gallon, including an approximately $0.05 contribution from the refinery. Refinery margins have normalized and profits are expected to be $60 million lower compared to the third quarter of last year. Non-fuel unit costs are expected to be 1% to 2% higher than last year on 5% to 6% capacity growth. With normalized growth and consistency in delivering a great operation, we are making progress in driving efficiency and growing into our resources. On maintenance, the investment in fleet health we made since last summer are paying off, with maintenance cancellations in the first half down 77% over prior years. We continue to expect full year maintenance expense to be up $350 million over 2023, as we progress through elevated volume of heavy airframe and engine checks and continue to manage industry-wide supply constraints. The majority of this increase was in the first half of the year, with second half maintenance expense expected to be similar on a year-over-year basis. Total non-fuel unit costs in the second half are expected to increase in the low single digits, as we fund investments in our people and brand and capacity growth decelerates. For the year, our fleet growth is expected to be less than 2%, including approximately 40 aircraft deliveries and 20 retirements. Our unencumbered asset base is expected to grow to $30 billion by year-end, as we continue to pay cash for our new deliveries. We remain confident in our full year outlook of earnings of $6 to $7 per share and free cash flow of $3 billion to $4 billion with full year CapEx expected to be $5 billion. With a continued focus on margin and returns to drive sustained cash flow generation, Delta is well-positioned to improve our balance sheet to investment-grade metrics and deliver shareholder value. In closing, Delta's industry-leading performance is a direct result of the hard work of our employees. I want to thank the Delta people for continuing to go above and beyond for our customers and each other every day. And with that, I'll turn it back to Ed for a final remark.
Dan Janki: Yes. As you know, we continue to focus on deleveraging. We've made a lot of progress since October [‘20] (ph), $24 billion of debt. So deleveraging will continue to be at the forefront. When you think about those particular tranches, our first one doesn't come due. It's April of second quarter of next year. And then we have another tranche in first quarter and second quarter of 2026. We'll look at market conditions at that point in time, where we are on short-term rates versus long-term rates and whether that would be long part term part of the capital structure, it makes more sense to put in other types of debt and refi that out. And those will be things that we'll probably talk more about in detail as we get closer, especially at Investor Day, but as we get to the end of the year and the beginning of next year.
Dan Janki: Through the first half, it is up. You can see that it's up $2.4 billion. It's up a few hundred million dollars over last year where it supports our revenue forecast for third quarter. As you get into the back half of the year, certainly the elongation of the tattled season helps as it relates to balance that as you go through third quarter and into fourth quarter. And also the fact that corporate continues to outgrow consumer, that is also bringing it back into what I'd say is a more normalized curve as it relates to historical perspective. When you look at it year-over-year, you still got the oddity of last year, you had multiple years of travel cut. So this is the first year that it's much cleaner as we go through and create a better base as you think about it for '24 and '25 and start to evaluate it.
Dan Janki: And the thing I'd add on to that Glen, is that 80% of that domestic capacity growth is going into our core hubs. And to Glen's point, important point on seats, as we get into the back half of this year and fourth quarter is the first time we'll have our core hubs, restored to levels that they were from a seat perspective versus 2019.
Dan Janki: Yes. Well, fourth quarter last year was the only quarter we were down year-over-year. You also had very high fuel in the fourth quarter last year at $3. The current -- we'll have to see where that plays out, but the current forward of that is much lower so you get that benefit. And I think it's also with regards to the components that Glen's talked about is the inflection in unit revenue as you exit September moving positive and the elongated travel season and that strong international demand.
Dan Janki: Yes, we are. And just this year alone, we will have headcount that will grow -- our resources will grow just under 2% while we are growing the network at mid-single digits. And I think -- and that's been the case even versus trailing 12 months, we're up only 3% on our resources versus the growth that we've demonstrated. And I think that -- and delivered. So I think that is kind of the leading edge of us, the step here, first few steps here of us growing back into those resources and those capabilities. And it is just not people, right? It's the aircraft and the utilization of the aircraft. It's growing into the airports and the investment that we made. Glen always reminds me, the most expensive day is the first day that you open it. So it's across the board.
Dan Janki: Yes. I think you -- as we're taking about 40 deliveries this year, as I mentioned, give or take, one or two and how it falls out. On average, when you look forward into next year, it's around 50. We're right in that 40 to 50 range associated with that and you're going to continue to see a steady drumbeat of retirements, probably in the mid-20s as we go through 2025. We'll finalize that as we get through our final plan and tweak that regards to what it is, but it's older fleets, right, the 75s starting to see some of the 76s and the 320s. And as we've all talked about, those -- as we've been trying to grow, we haven't been able to retire it what we are used to. This is the first time we're actually meaningfully retiring aircraft over the last two years to three years. And that then benefits us, right, because that then is a material stream back into our tech-ops operation, maintenance operations that can use that material and improve efficiency, which they've been so good at through the years when you look at the last decade.
Dan Janki: We're not. The refinery has been running very well. The team is doing a great job. A key part of Delta.
Ed Bastian: Thank you, Dan. And before we begin to Q&A, I want to personally recognize and congratulate Helane Becker on a very accomplished career as an analyst covering this industry for four decades. Helane, I have a great amount of respect for you and for all the work that you've done through the years. And while I know you'll be continuing in an advisory role, we will miss working with you and wish you all the best. May the golf gods be good to you. Operator, please begin the Q&A.
Ed Bastian: Yes, Conor. To Glen's point the law of economics or physics, whatever you want to say, is going to have to work. You cannot, if you are on the lower end of the industry's food chain, continue to post losses, particularly given the health of the demand set we've all seen over these last couple of years. So I don't know what form that will take, but I guarantee you, and you're already starting to see, capacity is usually the first thing that you -- lever you have available, but there will be more levers available as well. The health of the industry broadly is in pretty good shape. Now I recognize what I just said. The lower half is struggling. But if you look at where we all need to go as an industry is that we need to continue to better differentiate and provide value to our customers. Value in this industry for many years was defined as having the lowest fare in the market. That's changed. That's changed dramatically. The experience economy that we've seen that is taken hold, that's driven the high demand set that we are seeing and continue to see and even with the third quarter revenue "disappointment" is still going to be a record set of revenues that we are going to see this quarter. I'm convinced across the industry is rewarding those that are providing real value, meaning a better quality experience, better value for money in terms of the product we are offering and reliability. Couple that with the higher cost of entry, higher than we've ever seen, whether it is labor, whether it's the constraints in the environment, the infrastructure, OEM, engine supply, this is turning into an industry that is going to be needing to return its cost of capital or it will not be -- those that don't will not be given the opportunity to continue to run the business models they have. So I realize I'm talking my own book. And I appreciate that there is a lot of other work that others need to lift. Listen, we are driving 50% of the overall industry profitability here at Delta. There's only so much more we can do on our own. And as things get better, Delta is only going to be a beneficiary.
Ed Bastian: Savi, this is Ed. I'll take that. Airbus, like Boeing continues to have certain delivery challenges, obviously nowhere close to the challenges that Boeing has experienced. And as one of Airbus' largest and best customers, Delta again is insulated somewhat from that. We are going to take largely the delivery schedule that we anticipated for the year. Yes, some may slip but you're talking about slip meaning in terms of weeks and months, not years of delay. And as long as we have, as we do have, pretty good notice of where the delays in delivery are coming, we will be just fine. In 2025, I don't anticipate us having any problems with the aircraft that we are going to need for the capacity we'd like to deploy.
Ed Bastian: Well, we have a large fleet and our maintenance capabilities continue to improve. The challenge we face on the maintenance front tend to be more parts supply than anything else, as well as all these new engine platforms that are out there from the GTF to the lead to the trend stabilizing, but they continue to get better. And I think the opportunities for us, as things stabilize and as parts become more available and as new aircraft continue to deliver, will be for us to resume the retirement of our older fleet, which we indicated in the release we are already starting to do and which will create even more part availability back to our maintenance team.
Ed Bastian: Well, Jamie, it's a good question. It's certainly something that we all look at. Premium is more than just putting more seats -- excuse me, more room in seats. And it's the overall experience, right? And yes, I think all of those experiments that we hear about some of the lower fare airlines or the discount airlines are considering, you can't blame them. I would -- if I was consider some of those as well. But premium is also based on a foundation of overall reliability and service, first and foremost, and that's what we have focused on and specialized and done better over the last 15 years and then the airline, we continue to get better. In fact, the operations we've run this year are the best in the industry across every measure, every month, month in and month out. That gives you then freedom to actually deliver true premium experience as compared to somewhat maybe more superficial experience. And that, to me is what we are best at. That's why business travelers choose Delta. That's why we have the opportunities internationally that we do. That's why American Express, the top credit card provider in the world, in my opinion chooses Delta as their exclusive partner. So I think there is room for more. And I would -- the industry needs to continue to find better ways in which to manage the higher costs that they are facing. Remember, the cost to serve has gone up for everybody but especially for the discounters. And the only way you can cover that is providing a better experience.
Ed Bastian: Thanks, Mike. Listen, all I can say on that is we're always interested in serving underserved communities.
Ed Bastian: Sheila, hi this is Ed. I just want to be clear, we haven't given explicit Q4 guide. So I appreciate your models driving us there. We still have our full year guide with a pretty wide range as you noted in there. You may recall last year at this time, when things were really starting to look promising, we upped our full year guide and we got punished a few months later as the fuel [guides] (ph) worked against us. So we're confident we'll end up in a good point within the full year range. But I don't really want to get into trying to figure out what Q4 is here.
Ed Bastian: Well, as I mentioned, we are confident in our Airbus delivery stream. We have no Boeing aircraft coming over the next handful of years I anticipate. I think it will take some time before Boeing gets their cadence back. I know they're slowly starting to improve and we'll see.
Ed Bastian: Well, I think there is quite a bit. Clearly, as the demand set that we see in our specific customer base continues to look healthy, we are going to continue investing there. We've got a pretty robust set of new offerings coming in, in the premium space. Wi-Fi is going to be free and fast and fully available -- and largely fully available on the transatlantic by the end of the summer, which is a big deal for us. On the cost side, we had really good cost performance in the first half of the year. I anticipate that we're going to continue to hold that. I realize the third quarter [guide's had] (ph) touch larger than what we saw in Q2, but we're going to work hard to get that back down. I think we've all talked about the opportunity this year on the cost front to continue to grow into our larger headcount. We are not there yet. We still have more growth opportunities to get there. So I think across the board, Brandon, we have opportunities. And we are certainly not sitting back waiting for the industry to fix itself. If that was the case, we wouldn't be delivering the outstanding level of profitability that we are. But we hope that, that's going to be another tailwind for Delta.
Ed Bastian: And one other thing, Brandon this is Ed again. Don't lose sight of the free cash we're throwing off. This year, we'll throw off between $3 billion and $4 billion. I'm confident in that guide which we gave at the start of the year. I expect at least as good next year again. The compounded effect of all that cash and we'll continue to delever the balance sheet is once again going to differentiate Delta within this industry.
Ed Bastian: Well, I think it's both. We have and we continue to have opportunities to grow premium. Premium's growing double digit for us and we don't see that slowing down. So Delta, on its own right, continues to grow there. And what will happen is, as others, if they do choose to continue to upgrade their products, it is going to force them to also upgrade their price points, which will help our Main Cabin revenues as well.
Ed Bastian: And Leslie, on the Wi-Fi question, we are continuing to roll it out, making good progress. The focus right at the moment is getting our international fleet equipped. We'll have largely the transatlantic pretty well fully up and running by the end of the summer over the next couple of months. And our remaining focus after that is getting the regionals, as well as our any remaining domestic aircraft, which is principally the 717 fleet, up and running over the next 12 months to 18 months. So we are getting there. Certainly, on a passenger count level, we're well over 50% at the present time.
