Ed Bastian: Thanks, Mike. It’s aircraft as they are being delivered, which we have expressed our concerns that this is kind of a retrospective tariff on decisions taken in the past. That said, we’re evaluating all of our options. We do not expect the cost to incur -- any cost of tariffs through the end of this year. We are expecting some deliveries out of Mobile in terms of 321s and those do not carry a tariff. And looking forward, we’re examining our options next year to make sure that we mitigate any increase to the prices that we’ve already negotiated with Airbus. So, at this point, yes, we’re looking at our options, and I am not going to into any details around the options since it’s still pretty fluid at the moment, but we do not expect this is going to be a material cost to Delta, certainly not in the near term.
Ed Bastian: Hey, Duane. This is Ed. I’ve said a number of times, second quarter as well as the third quarter, we certainly were a beneficiary of the MAX not operating. That said, we don’t believe we’ve got -- we’ve got a significant amount of new incremental growth coming from that. The majority of the growth clearly was the strength of our own brand, strength of our product and services, which continues to outperform anything that we’ve seen historically, and the costs that we talk about are not just due to the high demand. Remember, we ran a load factor of 90% from April all the way through August pretty much. But we also had an incredibly volatile weather pattern this summer that gave us very limited recovery option. So, the heightened load factor expectations, the fact that MAX was not out, the weather, all created an environment that we’ve got to reinvest to make certain that next year, because I expect the share -- any share we picked up are going to retain going forward, we’re better prepared to handle the volumes in 2020.
Ed Bastian: Hey, Joe. This is Ed. I’ve again been vocal on this. I think, it’s something that our customers not just demand but deserve. I think, the main benefit to me is the connection that they will continue to have to the brand and the strength of the brand and our selling proposition. But then, you’re right, there’s a second derivative order with respect to any commercial opportunities that we could create around that surface. We’re not ready to talk into detail yet. We’re still a ways off from announcing the exact start date. We’re learning a lot on the technical capacity that we currently have and any additional changes we need to make. But, we’re on the path to getting there and I'm excited by it. I think it’s going to be a great new service to our customers when we get there.
Ed Bastian: Savi, this is Ed, if I could add to that. We’ve given a long-term trajectory on non-fuel cost of being around 2%. And when we can go below that, we do as we’ve been I think for the last couple of years. That means occasionally, it might be above that. But I think our long-term trend line is -- 2% is a good target for us. I would not say that we over-earned this year. We certainly had that cost both in Q3 and Q4, related to the high volumes that we had. I think, this is about as much infrastructure investments that continue to better serve the growth, whether it be in airports and technology and in our people, and our service providers as it is dealing with the secure volumes of a very busy summer. So, this is a long-term investment that I’m confident is going to have long-term returns.
Ed Bastian: I don't believe it's a done deal. I think, it's certainly something that's needed. I think, there is a lot of work going into the termination of the cost, the long-term impact to the city. We're going to provide certainly through Virgin our perspective on a build there, but we are a relatively small share of overall Heathrow. So, I’m not sure we're going to have much of a voice in that process.
Ed Bastian: Well, Jamie, I'll take that. Obviously, we don't know what the economic outlook over the next five years. And the $7 billion number that we have disclosed is our target together with Amex, over this timeframe. It doesn't necessarily indicate that's recession proof. I mean, certainly, it's sensitive to spend, probably the single biggest element that we have in there. But, we also have modeled what happened in 2009 and how quickly spend did return. It's one of the reasons why we're creating not just greater loyalty through the card and the brand portfolio but also getting avenues for currency to be used as dollars, and the technology work that we have. And I think it's actually been one of the real nice innovations we brought to the market this year is that we're giving alternative use for currency, and people can spend and conserve cash. So, I would say it's our target. Could there be bumps along that way? Certainly. It's not a flat guarantee. But, I think it's our best estimate together with Amex what we expect to see over the next five years. And at the same time, even through the process, this year while you have some economic concerns, I wouldn't say significant concerns in terms of consumer spend, we're still seeing growth on the card portfolio at double digits.
Ed Bastian: Rajeev, I'll take that. The 2% number is what we've given you in the past and we continue to see that hold. One of the -- we'll provide a lot more color when we get to Investor Day as to how we see the 2020 cost outlook. But, one of the pressure points we're also facing in 2020 is that our gauge in 2020 is actually going to be relatively flat year-over-year, and that's been certainly a source of productivity for us on unit cost. We expect to see that pick up again in ‘21. So, that's going to be another pressure that we're facing in the short term. But, we'll give you our perspective on that when we give you the details. But, we have faced our labor pressures in the past. We expect that whatever deal is cut with the pilots is going to be within the frame we talked about it.
Ed Bastian: Yes. We're always evaluating how we provide the best insight for our investors into the drivers of our opportunities for the future. We've improved some of the disclosure. And certainly while we have to work within the confines of our contractual obligations to Amex, the confidentiality provisions, yes, I think it's a valid question, it's a fair question. It's something we need to continue to think about how we get greater visibility. It's an very important source of revenue for us today, it's certainly a growing source, probably growing faster than most other revenue components we have in the business, and it's certainly margin accretive. We can debate how you want to cost those miles, but it's certainly highly accretive to us. So, I think it's a fair question. I don't have an answer for you quite yet, but we're going to keep looking at.
Ed Bastian: Did Sandeep ask you to ask that question? Sandeep and the loyalty team are incredible contributors and highly valued. And I wouldn't go on title or definition. I've got great visibility to Sandeep and I see him just about every week on it. So, he’s a great asset to the Company as well as his entire team.
Ed Bastian: Well, I'll talk a little bit about premium products and maybe turn that over to Gil for some of the ancillaries like the MRO. Clearly, we see room for growth there. And that's been on a different trajectory than base ticket fares. And as you saw, we grew premium products by 9% in the quarter, which was above the, of course, average of the total revenue growth at 6.5%. So, we continue to see that moving forward. And it's really, we think, our ability to a, price those products, given the increasing demand that we see from consumers on them, but b, also continuing to increase the number of channels we distribute them through. And as you know, we've been working to do that more on our digital channels but also through -- there are travel management companies and our partnerships and through the OTAs. And we're seeing some great early results on that. But, it's got ways to go over the next years -- months and years. So, we continue to see that as -- being able to grow even through maybe a challenging economic environment.
Ed Bastian: Katie, I'll take that. We are not going to comment to pilot deal or in any nature. 2% to 3% is our best estimate where our cost will be next year. We're not going to get into the details relative to our negotiations.
Ed Bastian: Sure, David. We haven't given out the specifics by job classification for next year. But, we've been hiring at a rate of about 6,000 new employees coming into the Company for the last couple of years, and we expect again going forward, next year, at a similar level. Pilots are going to be increasing in numbers due to retirements. The retirement age really starts to ramp up in the next two to three years. And so, those numbers are going to grow as well as to accommodate some of the growth that we've seen in the business. And one of the things that we'll be doing a bit differently than we did this past year is we're going to be hiring earlier in the year and continue to keep the hiring going through the year rather than have it in more discrete period. So, we'll have all of our new hires in position hopefully ready to handle as much of the new volume that's going to be coming in next year, not the [indiscernible]. In total, I'd say the -- probably at least half of the 6,000 we're talking about are retirement, replacement of workers that are retiring, half to two-thirds; and then, there is kind of some growth as well.
Ed Bastian: Well, certainly Mobile is going to be very important for us going forward. And that's -- yes, that's going to be the focus of our domestic strategy to be getting our 220s, our 321s via Mobile as Airbus continues to ramp up that production capability. I'm not going to get into any longer term ideas we have because obviously it doesn't necessarily help you on the wide bodies. But, we're evaluating options there. And as I said, our goal is to mitigate any potential tariff exposure.
Ed Bastian: Well, basic economy is not something that we want to grow. It's not really a premium product. And as we've outlined before, defensive product against ULCCs, we want to have best-in-class product whatever people's needs are. And for people who only care about the lowest fare possible, I think, we have by far the best offering. And the differential between that and the main cabin, it hasn't been an intentional shift in separating those out. But, I think what we're testing in many cases is what are people willing to pay for that. And sometimes in business markets, it's a bigger differential. And I think maybe that's what you're looking. At a market basket level of all markets, the difference has only been a couple of dollars different. But, I think at individual market levels, it may be greater.
Ed Bastian: Yes. I think you'd have to give us what markets you're looking at because each one of the markets is managed individually.
Ed Bastian: All right. Well, again, I think, we can get back to you with some more details. But, the intent has not been to move up the ladder significantly.
Ed Bastian: John, this is Ed. No, not at all. We had a -- as we've mentioned a number of times on this call, we had record summer in terms of both volumes and revenues. So, all time high revenues for us. And the domestic system is what produced those records. Our domestic revenues were up 8% in the third quarter. And we continue to see advanced bookings, the domestic consumer being quite strong. We expect the holiday period to be a strong period. Looking ahead, we don't have a great view into 2020 since it's pretty early for us on our booking curve, but the -- our business is heavily levered to the U.S. consumer. And the U.S. consumer is doing quite well and is preferring Delta.
Glen Hauenstein: Thanks for the questions, Duane. It’s a little bit of both. I think, if you think about improving the connectivity to the existing LATAM infrastructure in South Florida, there is a little bit we probably have to add to replace some of the flows that’s existing today on American, but we’re not creating a new hub; we're not creating a new giant connecting complex. We're doing selective adds. So, think of it, if you think about Miami as a hub and you think about our size in Dallas or Denver or Chicago, it probably looks a lot more like that to make sure we have key fleets that will go over Miami and then really work with LATAM once we get ATI to continue to develop Atlanta and our other U.S. gateways as the primary connecting points for the South America traffic. So, I think we have a pretty good plan that takes the best of both, that’s connecting complexes in the U.S. and best service within the local markets, and I think that’s going to be a great platform for growth moving forward.
Glen Hauenstein: Good morning, Savi, and thanks for the question. The pressure that you cited and certainly what we’ve called out going back to some conferences this fall was real. And as I articulated, we felt a little bit like bursting at the seams with all the passenger loads and some of the weather pressures that we saw. And undoubtedly, some of the staffing investments that we’ll make will help mitigate some of that. But it’s really about arming our people with the tools and resources they need to serve our customers in an expanding base. Our total revenues are up 15% over the last couple of years, and there is investments in that process that we need to continue to make in order to drive the quality that our customers are used to, to continue to earn that revenue. So, it goes beyond that. And as we said, we’ll give more details at Investor Day. 
Glen Hauenstein: Hunter, I think simple fares might have been too simple, and maybe as an industry we weren’t ready for it. We didn’t have the sophistication to really manage it well. And I think that’s really the infrastructures we're putting in place now and how we see the evolution of pricing occurring over the next year. One of the things that you would have to admit about the industry in general is it’s transactional and it's not really trusted very well. And I think we learned that because sometimes you go look and the flight you want to take on a Monday morning is $500 and sometimes it’s $1200 and sometimes it's yet another number. And I think, what we're doing with all of the data that we’re collecting is we're trying to bring more stability to that pricing model over time. And it's not really simple fares but it's more reliable fares. And it's not a revolution, it's an evolution. So, we're on a journey on this and we're trying to be less transactional and more customer-driven. And we’re not at our destination yet and it will take several more years for us to get there. But I love the question because I do think it's a sense of how do we become a better consumer brand. And I think one of the things that we have to do is to have trust from our consumers.
Glen Hauenstein: I think it depends on the entity. Of course, each international entity is different. We get a premium in the transatlantic. We have not gotten our premium historically in Latin America, and I think that's one of the reasons that we are so excited about the LATAM transaction as our offering really wasn't what it needed to be to drive revenue premiums being the number four carrier. So, I think that was one of the things that we thought we needed to have a structural improvement in our offering in Latin America in order ultimately to drive significant premiums. And I think we achieve that in the long run, not today, but over the long run by securing LATAM. And then, in the Pacific, there is a lot of different -- it's a small entity for us and we have made significant improvements there. But, our stage length is really working against us. And I think, as we transition through to Haneda next year, we've told our investors we’re on a multiyear transformation. And one of the things we'll talk about at our Investor Day is we’re arriving at our destination finally in Asia, and that will give us the building blocks I think to drive premium with the products that will drive premium and with the introduction of the Delta One suites and the premium economy. I think, we're well-positioned to drive premiums in the Pacific as well over time.
Glen Hauenstein: I think, we were trying to get to that in the call. So, I appreciate the question that our lift PRASM, which is what's coming off the tickets, is really very flat between 3Q and 4Q at about 1.5%. So, the TRASM decline between 3Q and 4Q is really a previous year accounting adjustments, which didn't occur this year. And so, that's what we were trying to say in the call. I'm sorry if we weren't clear enough. But, thanks for the question because I do want everybody to understand that the revenue coming off the tickets themselves is positive, it's consistent at about 1.5 up between 3Q and 4Q.
Glen Hauenstein: I don't think we've announced any plans to grow Miami yet. But, as I outlined in the earlier call, I think, we will add some key spokes into Miami. It won't be giant. But, I think we have had a successful growth in Boston. And as you know, this past quarter, we just took back our terminal. That terminal was constructed almost 15 years ago and opened, and this is the first time that we've occupied the terminal that was built for Delta. And I would assume that we will be the leading carrier in Boston in terms of revenue in 2020. So, yes, we've done a lot of growth in Boston.
Glen Hauenstein: With that, we'll conclude today's call. As has been mentioned earlier, we look forward to seeing everybody on December 11th and 12th here in Atlanta. And we're grateful for your time today. Thank you.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Helane. Those two issues are somewhat unrelated. The actuarial changes relate to the long-term disability program, and this is actuarial tables that are updated every few years and we’d seen a little bit of an increase in trends. So, we have to markup that liability one time. It hits that P&L, and that’s why it's not expected to repeat this year -- or next year. As to the pension, we continue to strive to target 80% funded status by the end of 2020. And so far, the assets are on strong trajectory this year with strong returns. Our pension expense, as we cited on in the prepared remarks is really a function of last year's returns as that gets spread over a full year. So, as we head into 2020 and we get those updates both on the funding as well as the investment returns, we’ll have more detail at Investor Day on 2020.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Joe. Not materially. Obviously, we see growth in the business, we see growth in the Amex portfolio as we continue to work our way up to nearly $7 billion by 2023. Those are some good sides in the business. We have articulated a belief that we’ll be a cash taxpayer in 2020. That’s not expected to be a huge headwind for us. So, we see consistent cash flow generation in 2020 at this point. And we’ll provide those details at Investor Day as well.
Paul Jacobson: Trainer is expected to have a slight loss for the quarter that’s built into our fuel price guidance. We have some scheduled maintenance on a couple of units that’s going on now that's expected to be completed in early November. But overall, the refinery continues to operate well.
Paul Jacobson: One Delta continues to pay big dividends for us. And while we expect the level of investment back into the product and the infrastructure as Ed articulated, we're always striving to find some of that productivity. And as we've said before, we'll detail more about the 2020 cost outlook at Investor Day in December.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Elliot. This is Paul. We are in a full compliance with our RINs requirements under the RFS standard and have done a good job of managing through that volatility that we've seen over the last several years. And I'm confidence that the team will be able to continue to address that. We continue to advocate on behalf of small and independent refiners that long-term solutions have to be identified. But, we’re managing through that in the short term.
Paul Jacobson: We certainly think that it can result in added costs. We don't believe necessarily that it affects the full viability. But, it does have an economic impact to the region and our ability to continue to drive those results at the refinery.
