Jill Greer: Thanks, Jay. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on our March quarter call. Here in Atlanta today are Richard Anderson, Delta's CEO; our President, Ed Bastian; and our Chief Financial Officer, Paul Jacobson. We also have the entire leadership team here in the room for the Q&A session. Richard will open the call, Ed will then address our financial and revenue performance and Paul will conclude with a review of cost performance and cash flow. [Operator Instructions] Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures today. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted, and you can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at delta.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to Richard.
Jill Greer: Thanks, Richard, Ed and Paul. Jay, we are now ready for questions from the analysts, so if you could review the process for asking a question. [Operator Instructions]
Jill Greer: And that's going to conclude the analyst portion of the call. I'm now going to turn it over to Ned Walker for the media portion.
Richard H. Anderson: Yes. So we think that in terms of the mainline operation, we'll be able to manage a bit -- just fine for our customers on the mainline. And the extent to which there will be some impact on ATC capacity, the impact will really be in the smaller airplanes, and that will all be re-accommodated on the mainline or our larger RJs.
Richard H. Anderson: The short answer is yes. The goal is to keep the correlation between revenue and fuel tight because that's really, as we said in our prepared remarks, both Ed and I, that's the real sea change in the industry. And we're able to adjust our capacity very quickly. And I think one of the keys in that is -- and this is another important innovation, I think, at Delta, is our pricing function, when we make pricing decisions across the airline, we have data in front of us on what the cost of goods sold is. And so we run our flight profitability system on a flat fuel book, and we're always tuning the revenue to be certain that we're capturing the fuel price. If we get to that point where we aren't, we can adjust very rapidly. That's the beauty of having a large number of owned airplanes that have no fixed costs, that are perfectly variable. And given the bid periods or 30 days on our crews, we have the ability to adjust capacity very quickly.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, we actually do adjust day of departure. And actually, every day, we probably have somewhere around 30 to 40 adjustments up or down, which where we're actually matching capacity at the moment to demand. And we'll continue to invest in the systems and the knowhow we need to be able to do that. Most typically where that happens is in up-gauge. So we see that loads are up in a given market with close-in demand from where we were 30 or 45 days out on a schedule. And we're able, for instance, to take a 757 and up-gauge it to a 767 in a market. So we do that, but the most important lever is the 30- to 45-day-out lever where the real opportunity comes to be certain that we keep the correlation between revenue and fuel close.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, I think we've shown a real operating strength at Delta. We operate, generally -- if you look at the global industry average, we generally operate about 8 points ahead of where the industry is in terms of performance, on-time performance and our completion factor is much higher. You should expect that we will continue to make those kinds of operating decisions to maintain that advantage versus the industry, both domestically and globally.
Richard H. Anderson: The savings really start to accelerate the latter part of the year as we start to take in the 717s and exit the 50-seaters in a much more accelerated fashion, Savi.
Richard H. Anderson: Yes, this is Richard. We have been effective with our partners at China Southern, Chairman Si; and Chairman Liu at China Eastern, in adjusting our slot portfolios at Beijing and Shanghai to provide for good connecting times to and from the U.S. And we're beginning to grow our connectivity to both China Eastern in Shanghai and China Southern in Beijing quite effectively. So the overflight part of our Asia-Pacific franchise is positioned well, and we expect to have a strong summer.
Richard H. Anderson: On the first question, we've seen absolutely no impact from the avian flu. Second, we close on Pinnacle May 1, and it will not replace Comair but will become the most efficient, best-run regional carrier. We actually have -- no, we actually -- it's really important to note this because this is...
Richard H. Anderson: Well, this is a big strategic advantage for Delta that I don't think people quite understand. We have fixed kind of the scale and cost issues that have plagued the regional carrier industry. So Pinnacle will probably, as a wholly-owned subsidiary, we have a cap scale and a flow-up agreement now. So we probably will end up having a 20% to 25% all-in once we get it all fully up and running and the 50-seaters out and the 70- and 76-seaters in. We'll have a very significant competitive advantage on the regional industry. And number two, we'll have the ability to really control the product and make it same as the mainline. So very important strategic initiative that we have because the whole up-gauge -- the whole up-gauging strategy is a really massive change in this industry because all those 50-seater airplanes were bought when fuel was $20 a barrel. And when you take the original purchase assumptions and now overlay them on what fuel is today and what the scales were 15 years ago for pilots and flight attendants and overlay where they are today at the independent regionals, that's a very tough equation. And we've actually solved through that equation, and we're going to take our regional carrier fleet down from probably a peak of around 700 -- 600, 700 airplanes down to the low 400s, and we're going to have the best cost structure and the best operations.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, no, we should be -- we should really, I think in 24 -- well, it's a 7-year pilot contract, Mike Campbell reminds me. But in terms of getting the shift done, it's really in the next 18 to 24 months. And that's where you see a big improvement in our regional carrier line. And we have a big ASM pickup because we're going to be able to operate the airline, the total Delta airline with probably a couple hundred fewer airplanes and still have the same ability to produce ASMs. So there's so much operating leverage in this move that we're excited about closing on the Pinnacle transaction.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, no, you have time to make adjustments. They issue -- the National Air Traffic Control Center in Herndon issues different ground delay programs and ground stop programs. And then we have a tactical team in our OCC that operates 24/7, making adjustments to the operation. So we intend on continuing to operate a mainline completion factor domestically of 100%.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, I think we need to get -- we've always said that our goal is pretax margins in the high-single digits. And I think that we're cautious about growth. We've been able to consistently sustain nice RASM improvement at Delta through a series of different network, product and yield management strategies. And we'll continue to do that. I don't think we can make a prediction about growth at this point given all the information we provided you on this call. But suffice to say that we have enough flexibility in our fleet to be able to manage capacity when the economics are right. But in the meantime, we still have plenty of opportunity for margin expansion with really modest changes in capacity this year.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, I think we should reserve that kind of conversation for the conversation we're going to have with our investors in early May about our long-term capital deployment strategy.
Richard H. Anderson: I think the difficulty in doing that is that's too core to the business. And in essence, it is a revenue generator where your -- it is a form of selling seats. And when you think about the core of what we do well at Delta, we need to have that lever, that revenue lever and that cost lever on our side of the equation. It drives our Infinity Card relationships. It drives our loyalty relationships with our most important customers, and we can derive far more value for our shareowners than constantly quarreling with a third party over what our pricing is going to be for a seat.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, I don't know that it would, candidly, change the view of short-term trading. I do think one of the ideas that you had in your recent writings is a better idea, which is let's not use EBITDAR.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, in a yield management system, you make forecasts some 6 to 8 months earlier. So as we saw demand trends building from the end of 2012 into the first quarter of 2013, demand trends were quite strong. And so we made decisions, inventory classification decisions toward a yield bias versus a load factor bias. And as the close-in load factor build showed some weakness, we take steps to backfill the inventory with perhaps lower-yielding traffic.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, let's put it into perspective. This was -- January and February were really strong months. We were top of the industry in relative performance. In the month of March, where we saw this weakness, was the most profitable March in the history of Delta. So putting it in perspective, it shows you that yield management systems and the decisions around yield and inventory are dynamic and are driven by demand factors, external economic factors, pricing in the external environment and global economies. So it's a number of factors that go into it, and we constantly make those kinds of decisions. But I would say that if you look at the track record of Delta for 2 years, we've run a pretty significant year-on-year revenue premium to the industry. So we're pretty -- we're very good at it.
Richard H. Anderson: It's just -- it's an adjustment with the same philosophy, which is to continue to expand the margins at Delta.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, let's be clear about it. I mean whenever we get a question about furloughs, the answer is we do not do involuntary furloughs at Delta.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, I think that it depends upon what the administration, how the administration handles the situation. What we're focused on is taking good care of our customers and continuing to provide to them the high quality customer service that we always provide, and we will manage through it on their behalf.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, the -- ultimately, the cost hit is on the consumer, right, I mean because of the FAA reaction to sequester. But we will do our very best to make certain that we get our customers safely to their destinations on time. Ultimately, the cost is borne in time by consumers. But we're going to work hard at Delta to make sure we take care of our customers.
Paul A. Jacobson: Well, I think the -- Mike, the first question, I think for maintenance expense, a lot of the year-over-year benefit or reduction in maintenance expense was driven by the MRO. As we've talked about, we have been focusing our MRO on improved margin expansion. That's resulted in less volume year-over-year. On the contract carrier line, that's really the effect of Comair. As we pull aircraft out of Comair and reallocate them to other carriers, they flow through that contract carrier line.
Paul A. Jacobson: Sure, Savi. This is Paul. We're probably at a run rate of a little over $200 million right now. Primarily, as we said at Investor Day with the savings from the retiree medical program, the voluntary reductions that we had, we've seen a little bit of traction in maintenance, I think. We're trying to figure out right now how much of it is accelerated realization where we got the savings faster than we had anticipated and how much of it might be accretive to our guidance for the full year. But we're still sitting about $600 million for the year.
Paul A. Jacobson: We expect that -- the agreements that we have right now are roughly about 10% of the total crude diode of the plant. Long term, we're looking to settle out somewhere in the 75,000 to 100,000 barrels a day to build that delivery stream.
Paul A. Jacobson: Dan, this is Paul. As we just mentioned, there are no sequestration impacts assumed in those numbers.
Paul A. Jacobson: Duane, I'd say a couple things. First of all, the shift, the holiday shift, did have some impact. I don't have that quantified. I think as we look forward, the holidays probably are not driving as much of the change for us than they historically had in the past. So there's a little bit of that between March and April. Sequestration continues, obviously, to have an impact into April. I'd say the bigger impact between March and April, why April is a bit worse than March, is really the yen. And the changes that we've been able to make real time to some of the revenue management systems that are starting to improve, the April demand certainly should pick up with some stronger demand profiles for May and June.
Paul A. Jacobson: I'd rather not get into the details of the transaction. It really represents significant savings over the transatlantic barrels that are going to the East Coast.
Paul A. Jacobson: We haven't made any decisions on long-term investments around that, Hunter. I will tell you that there are multiple offloading and terminaling facilities on the East Coast, and there are multiple options for getting it there. Rail is just the majority of the trip, but you can barge it down from various locations as well.
Edward H. Bastian: On the -- this is Ed, Mike. Just to add to Paul's comments on the contract carrier line, we also had some engine volume events in the current quarter. There's just timing issues or 26 more events which drove about $40 million of higher cost on the contract line on a year-over-year basis. So that's also impacting that line comparison. That's a timing issue. That's not indicative of a trend, though.
Edward H. Bastian: John, this is Ed. One of the things we obviously -- also factors in that equation is what's the state of the global economies, and that's going to be as much a dictator on what our capacity outlook is than the pure airline economics. And we have a strong philosophy here that we need to keep our capacity below the GDP growth rates going forward that will allow us to maintain the discipline we're talking about and occasionally, growth, but it would probably be modestly into the future.
Edward H. Bastian: Yes. Linda, one of the reasons why we're going to defer giving full year profit guidance for Trainer is because the crack spreads are pretty volatile right now and there's a lot of -- and so it's hard to continue to reconcile movements and crack spreads to guidance. So we've said that we expect to make a profit in the second quarter, and I think that's probably as far as we can give you guidance on at this point.
Edward H. Bastian: Yes. And let me put one last piece in about the refinery. Jeff Warmann and the team are doing a great job running the refinery. We have been running at maximum throughput safely and efficiently for most of the third -- first and second quarter here as we came out of the effects of Sandy. So the team there and all of our employees at Trainer are doing a great job running a really efficient refinery with very high liquid volume recoveries. So we're really pleased with the operation.
