Jill Greer: Thanks Dana. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us for our December quarter call. Joining us from Atlanta today are our CEO Ed Bastian, our President Glen Hauenstein and our birthday boy Paul Jacobson. Our entire leadership team is here in the room for the Q&A session. Ed will open the call and give an overview of our financial performance. Glen will then address the revenue environment and Paul will conclude with a review of our cost performance and cash flow. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted. You can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to Ed.
Jill Greer: Thanks Ed, Glen and Paul. And we will now go to questions from the analysts. Dana, if you can provide the instructions.
Jill Greer: A great way to wrap up the analyst portion of the phone call. I will now turn it over to our Chief Communications Officer, Ned Walker.
Ed Bastian: Thanks Jill. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we reported our December quarter and full year results, including a December quarter pretax profit of $923 million and EPS of $0.82, in line with consensus. Normalized for the out of quarter cost of the new pilot contract, our pretax income was $1.3 billion with a 15% pretax margin and EPS of $1.16. This rounds out what has been a record-breaking year across-the-board for Delta, financially, operationally and for our customers. Financially, we produced $6.1 billion of pretax profits, 16.5% operating margin and a 26% pretax return on invested capital. It looks like we will be the only major to have grown its operating margin in 2016. We generated $7 billion in operating cash flow and nearly $4 billion of pretax [loans] [ph] we used to reduce our adjusted net debt to $6.1 billion, achieved an investment grade credit rating and returned over $3 billion to our owners. Operationally, we ran the best operation in the industry by a wide margin and we continue to raise the bar on ourselves. We ended 2016 with 241 days of no mainline cancellations and 81 days with no system cancellations, a level of performance that no airline has ever come close to producing on our scale. As we are doing that, at the same time we are regularly keeping on-time arrivals at nearly 87% and improving our bag scores by 13%, incredible work by Gil and the entire operations team. We know that our operational reliability is a key driver of customer satisfaction and one reason why more customers than ever prefer flying Delta. With our operating performance, combined with the investments we have made in our fleet, products and facilities, we have seen a consistent improvement in our net promoter scores hitting a record 44% in November. All of this is due to the outstanding efforts of 80,000 Delta people and it's an incredible honor to recognize that with over $1 billion in profit sharing for the third year in a row. Sharing the success of the company with our people is one of the things that makes Delta truly different. The major theme at our Investor Day last month was the sustainability and durability of our business. And with fuel and labor costs rising, we must grow unit revenues if we were to sustain our margins. So we are pleased to have seen our fourth quarter unit revenues come in better than not only our original guidance but also better than the guidance we gave in mid-December. While it's taken longer than we wanted to get here, we are cautiously optimistic that the revenue environment finally appears to have turned the corner and after a flat RASM in the month of December we expect unit revenues to turn positive for the first quarter. That said, we are going to remain conservative with our capacity until we see two things. In the short term, we will need to see a further firming of current revenue trends. And over the medium to longer term, we will keep our capacity in check until we are achieving our 17% to 19% operating margin target because as we also said at Investor Day, 2017 is going to be a bit of a transition year. While revenues are on a better trajectory, we expect margins will decline 100 to 200 basis points year-on-year in 2017, given the current forward curve and the expense of our labor cost reset. However, we expect the margin pressure to peak in the March quarter and by the back half of this year, we would be in a position to expand margins as our unit revenue base improves. This should be a very good setup for 2018 and beyond. So as we look ahead, I am optimistic. By executing flawlessly against our core principles, we are confident that we are the right path to return to an improving margin trajectory later in the year. First, we will continue to be America's best-run airline focusing on producing the best operation every single day for our customers. Next, we will continue to strengthen our brand, improving our product and service in the eyes of our customers and generating a sustainable revenue premium versus our competition. We will also expand our global reach through equity stakes, joint ventures and partnerships around the world. I am looking forward to completing our Aeromexico tender offer in the first half of the year. Finally, we will maintain our solid foundation with cost and capital discipline, making sure that every dollar we spend is put to good use without burdening the business with high leverage. Put together, this will create the sustainable returns and cash flows that our owners expect over the long term delivered by the very best team of airline professionals in the business. And with that, I am happy to turn the call over the Glen.
Ed Bastian: Hi Dan. It's Ed. I don't know what your calculus is for the second quarter. But I would say your model has got some challenges in it. So maybe you can take that offline.
Ed Bastian: Hi Duane, this is Ed. There's a number of things we are excited about. One of the things we are very excited about is the potential investment opportunities of the new administration, talk a lot about improving in airport facilities we have been doing, a considerable amount of investment alongside our public partners in LaGuardia, LA, Seattle, Salt Lake, Atlanta, but the ability to continue to work with the federal government to drive improvements to the infrastructure is clearly a big deal for us. We are very excited about the opportunities to present our case relative to the Middle Eastern situation with all the growth that those carriers have brought to this country on a subsidized basis where we are competing against governments, not the other airlines and the opportunity to let the Trump administration know how we can do, as an industry, a better job of protecting U.S. jobs and U.S. opportunities going forward and also protecting trade deals and enforcing trade deals that are being violated in the present time. There's tax benefits that are being discussed. There is regulatory changes being discussed, whether it's in the RFS on RINs potentially or other means. So there is a pretty good list of opportunities that we are -- I think we have already provided some input into the transition team and it will take some time over the next few months as things become a little more clear and individuals are staffed into new roles, but we are very excited.
Ed Bastian: LaGuardia, it's premature to be talking, be giving numbers our because we don't have signed leases in place yet and we are working with various entities there. You are not going to see a significant spike in CapEx, if that's your question. We are doing our best to work with various public partnerships and private partnerships to minimize that but no question, as the airport facilities come online you will see increase in the cost of the facility and we also think you will see improvement in revenues and the efficiency of the facility as well.
Ed Bastian: Savi, this is Ed. If I could add to that, I know there is some choppiness in year as the quarters rollout. But if you look at the full year of 2% to 3%, I would say, very high level, half of that's due to the labor reset that we have talked about and the other half is due to reduced utilization of the is run rate of airline's capacity. If you look at the reduced run rates of capacity, there is certainly a knock-on effect of nonfuel costs. I would say, high level, those are the two big drivers.
Ed Bastian: Joe, this is Ed. I agree. We are not going to give the future margin on the Amex. But your topline numbers are right that when we did the deal a couple of years ago with Amex that the goal was to double our revenue contribution from Amex. We are right on pace there. And you would be safe to assume there is a very high margin contribution on those revenues. I wouldn't say it's a 100%, but it's a high contribution.
Ed Bastian: I don't know what American Airlines deal is. They sound like they got a good deal. But I will tell you what our deal is. It's a high margin contribution for us. I will leave it at that.
Ed Bastian: And ultimately those miles have to be redeemed for travel. So I don't know exactly how they are saying 100% of growth.
Ed Bastian: We are not going to provide the details, Joe. I will disappoint you on that. But what I can tell you though is that it's not all margin. There is a significant cost of fulfillment. We don't give SkyMiles out and not deliver the travel service. So it's a source of revenue. It's far from a 100% flow-through. I would say, on the incremental structure going forward, yes, I think there is much higher margin compliment on the go forward, given that we have already got the base program being served, but no, on the first $2 billion it's a great program, but it's nowhere close to a high margin compliment.
Ed Bastian: We are in the process of working through the remedies that are required in order to get the antitrust immunity and we have to have it done sometime the slot divestitures and the JV itself implemented prior to being able close on the deal. So I would say, we are looking at as probably a 60 to 90 day process here to get all the regulatory approvals, the divestitures in place. Relative to cost, I don't have a current, it's going down given the decline in the Peso. It's in the $400 million range, I think.
Ed Bastian: The regulatory approvals are in place. We just need to comply with the requirements. But we are waiting on additional regulatory rules.
Ed Bastian: So the stock price was up this morning. It's down a little bit. The market is down today. So we don't, I think it's up currently, so we don't comment on the moves hour-by-hour, now. I think our results came generally in line with expectations. So it should have a significant impact on the stock.
Ed Bastian: Sorry that you could not hear me, Ted. I thought I was clear. There is going to be a number of opportunities for us to present our views to the new administration, which we very much look forward to. I mentioned that we are going add more opportunities in infrastructure, given the level of investment we already are making in our airports and facilities and partnering with the government to do even more. That would be a great opportunity. I mentioned the Middle Eastern situation, how we are competing against governments, not airlines in the Middle East. The blatant violation that we see relative to subsidized air services, $50 billion of subsidies over the last 10 years and our opportunity to have the governments move to enforce its trade agreements as compared to victim of it as well as protect U.S. jobs all alongside that. And then the other item that I mentioned is the tax reform that's being discussed. I see Delta certainly being the beneficiary of that, though it's hard to speculate as to the form it will take given it's very early.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning Jamie. Thanks for that question. Yes, that is what is the most probable outcome. As we go through 2017, we are running the business on a normalized basis. That's the run rate of the salaries and wages. So as we look at the effects of the pilot contract in 2016, we are trying to normalize for that flow and we feel confident that we will be able to achieve that in the second half of the year, even as we look through that adjustment.
Paul Jacobson: We ended 2016 with a pension liability of about $10.6 billion of the unfunded liability. That's down a little more than $0.5 billion from 2015. The rate improvements that we saw towards the end of the year largely offset the declines that we saw through the middle part of year. So it's up substantially from what the peak liability would have been intra-year, but the year-over-year change was moderated a little bit.
Paul Jacobson: Sure. Good morning Rajeev. On the first question, it's way too premature to speculate on what any specific impacts might be to the airlines. We are following it closely as everybody else is. I think generally speaking, tax reform is good for the airline industry. It is a U.S. centric business model and one that, we believe, it continues to be very, very important for the U.S. infrastructure. So we feel optimistic that we can a net beneficiary of any tax reform and we are eager to see what the results are.
Paul Jacobson: Sure. Thanks, Savi, for the birthday wishes. You know, a gift would be not asking a question about CASM, but the biggest drivers, as we talked about in the calls for the first quarter and then what we saw in the fourth quarter is really timing of maintenance events. As you know, we tend to seasonally do that a lot in the winter and the off-peak periods. But it's just a natural progression of things as you go throughout the year. And now we feel like as we start to normalize the business and go through the summer periods, we expect to see a lot of the continued benefits from upgauging throughout the business to moderate some of that cost pressure in the first half and get us to the point where we feel confident that were in the 2% to 3% range for the full year as we talked about.
Paul Jacobson: Hunter, this is Paul. The third party revenues in the refinery were about $90 million that was equally offset by cost in the other cash cost line.
Paul Jacobson: David, it would be premature to speculate on a time frame. We gave you our best view on 2017. It's a year of some transition. Our goal would be, as I said in my opening comments, I think 2018 is going to be a good year, from what we can tell, but it's a long ways away. So we see the trajectory starting to turn back by mid-year and that's important.
Paul Jacobson: If you look at our 2016 results, we are right at the low-end of that target range, 16.5%. So it's not some wildly ambitious goal. That's the run rate this business has been on or has been on in terms of building towards it. We had a speed bump RASM, no question about it. And as RASM starts to improve, I think we will continue the trajectory to get better.
Paul Jacobson: I think there is lot of geography given that this time last year fuel prices were $30 a barrel and today they are $55 a barrel. So it's going to take a couple of quarters and I think that's a sizable amount of that 100 basis point compression we are talking about and that is front loaded to the front half of the year plan and probably by the second half I think we w ill on margin expansion.
Paul Jacobson: Well, good morning Darryl. I think the asset utilization being down is wholly consistent with the plans for the year, as we talked about at Investor Day and the current revenue environment. So I wouldn't take anything more or less out of it than that. And we are where we expect to be on the long term with capacity down a bit. CASM 2% to 3% is still in that long-range strategic view of what we said to be consistently up to with about 2% capacity growth. So we feel good about our cost performance in running the business for margins and doing it the right way.
Paul Jacobson: Hi Linda. Good morning. This is Paul Jacobson. The refinery, we are expecting to produce a profit of around $100 million this year, based on where the current crack spreads and margins look like. We are projecting a slight profit in the first quarter based on where the current environment is. But the refinery continues to perform well against our broad-based strategy, what we look at. We were up there visiting with the refinery employees in December and morale remains high and we remain committed to that investment despite some of the challenges across the industry and the cyclicality.
Glen Hauenstein: I think that's reading too much into it. The huge driver in markets returning to positive unit revenues is getting momentum back in the business yields. And even if you experience a 60% sell up rate which is slightly higher than we have experienced in the past, let's say 50% to make the math easy on an average sell up of $40, you are not talking about a huge amount of money. I think it's more of a competitive tool than it is a huge value driver in the long run. So what we are really excited about are the branded fares on the premium side, the continuation of more usage in first class, continuation of the higher branded products like Comfort Plus and our new Premium Select that we are introducing later on this year.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I am not sure that we would say we are going to mitigate any share losses. I think what we are going to do is preserve and accelerate our margins. And I think that's where having partner hubs and becoming more and more reliant on the partner hubs where we have competitive advantages is a key to our strength moving forward. Clearly also in the segmentation of products, we have further segmentation to do and I think that's one of the reasons we look at the products we are introducing in the marketplace like Premium Select. If you look at what Norwegian flight, they don't have flatbeds. If you look at what a lot about the ultra low cost carriers, they haven't made that investment in those types of products. And we need to adjust to that new paradigm as high quality products for leisure customers who are willing to pay more than just standard coach fares. So we have some adjustments to make in our model. We will continue to work with our partners to make sure that our model is more durable and I think we have a very good hand in Europe in the long run.
Glen Hauenstein: In the call today, we said that we will have it ubiquitous in our entire system by 2018. So it will be in all of our international markets.
Glen Hauenstein: In LaGuardia, as you know, one of the key business markets, Boston LaGuardia, has a new entrant who has extraordinarily low fares, which is putting a little bit of pressure on LaGuardia as well as all of that new service from New York to Florida. So I would say there is little bit more pressure on LaGuardia than there on Kennedy right now.
Glen Hauenstein: We are substantially constrained at LAX today. We have, I believe, 15 gates currently in terminals five and six and when we get to terminals two and three, we have the possibility to come close to doubling the gate pods but it is going to take some time as we redevelop terminals two and three. That's not overnight. And it will also take a little bit of the pressure off of the turns on the gate today. We turned terminals five and six to highest levels in the system and once we get a better gate pod, we will be able to reduce some of the congestion at the airport. So, we will have more gates but that doesn't necessarily mean more direct flights as a result. But net net, we absolutely will be increasing our footprint and our capacity in LAX over the next few years.
Glen Hauenstein: One of the big advantages to us today is we are not co-located with our partners in Los Angeles and this swap from terminals five and six to terminals two and three allows us to co-locate with our partners on a much more aggressive timeline. So we won't be busing people around the year or asking them to walk outside and go between terminals and really that drives a significant amount of value in the short run to be able to accomplish at a faster rate than we would otherwise do, particularly as we look to carriers like integrating with Aeromexico. So we are very excited about that in the short run.
Glen Hauenstein: I didn't quite understand the difference between those two questions you pose, but I think that's what you see is with a higher dollar and with the competitive environment we have internationally, we have been decreasing our offerings internationally in order to achieve margins. And as we get there, we would start looking at flattening our capacity and then eventually growing it. Hope that answers your question.
Glen Hauenstein: Savi, I think we respond to demand and I think in different parts of the economic cycle, different things are important to different customers in each segment. And that's why I think as we continue to refine our customer segmentation, we want to continue to provide what customers are willing to pay for us. And in this part of the economic cycle, they are with consumer confidence side, with the consumer flush with cash, they are willing to pay for more frills. And you know, we make a mistake as an industry when we anticipate or try and be in the minds of consumers as opposed to responding to what's important at point in time. And I think, as a successful airline through all parts of the cycle, we are going to have to continue to monitor what's important to customers, what they want from us at that time. And that's what we are doing today.
Glen Hauenstein: Absolutely. If fares become more relevant to customers than some of the amenities we put on, absolutely. I don't think you box yourself into the fact to say that what customers want today is what they want five years from now.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, Hunter, I think if you look at the travel spend on a lot of corporates, particularly in major lane segments of domestic U.S., they are considered to be the primary business segments, that the fares were down 30%, 40% on historical basis. And I don't think we have to get a significant, we are not expecting them to go back to the historical levels in our current plan. This is a journey. It's not a race. And so I do think that if the economy holds out, which we are forecasting today that it will and business continues to travel which we are forecasting it will, that the opportunity to raise fares in that environment with a lower level of capacity offering from the industry is significant and it gets better as we move throughout the year because the fare has got to be so low for business travel by midyear last year. If you take one of the primary business markets in Atlanta to City X, that used to be $750 for a day trip, it got down to $119 for a day trip today. It is sitting at $350 for a day trip. Could it go to $400? Could it go to $450? We see no propensity to decrease travel going from $750 to $100 and I don't think we will see it our way back.
Glen Hauenstein: Andrew, the entities are a bit different. I think we probably would, when all this is said and done, underperformed in the Pacific, because we had the biggest restructuring going on in the Pacific and we did have Yen year-over-year hedged less hedge gains. So that had a lot of pressure on it. The core demand is very strong but it's not keeping pace, as an industry, with all of that capacity. We are optimistic as you get to the summer. When you look at Japan, it's very stable. When you look at China, we think there is going to be stability because we are out of the frequencies. So we think there is a really good opportunity in the back half of this year to start making up some ground on the Pacific. As you know, we have also announced the retirement of our 747-400 fleet, which should be fully out by the end of this year. That should have some impact as we take some of the seats our of the lane sectors that plane was built for different network than we have today. So we are optimistic there as well. So we have a lot of changes in the Pacific and I would expect that when all is said and done that, that would be entity for us versus our competitive set that's most under pressure. In the Atlantic, we have seen strong business demand and strong business yield continue. But again, there is a lot of currency going on in Europe. And when you look evaluate currency, that accounts for a significant portion of the declines we have seen. It's really not a core demand issue.
Glen Hauenstein: If you think about the nuances of what we have said, we didn't say that core demand for business in the U.S. was suffering in 2016. As a matter of fact, it was relatively real plus. What we saw was essentially a corporate fare war that occurred for various reasons that spread throughout the domestic U.S. network. That did not occur in the international entities. So the rate at which those yields improve or recover from more historical level is much more heavily weighted towards the U.S.
Glen Hauenstein: Or no comment, right? It could be the third option. And I think that's the one we are going to go with here. We don't disclose the core economics of the Delta Amex relationship. So I am going to take box number three and then hand it over to Ed for additional comments.
Glen Hauenstein: The big question mark, I would say, is currency. If I had one issue that I would be a bit of a cautionary issue is if the dollar continues to appreciate, that would put a little bit more pressure on foreign point-of-sale. But core demand as strong and capacity levels seems to be generally in a better spot this year than they were last year looking forward. So I am cautiously optimistic that absent of another run in the dollar, another significant run in the dollar, that this is, as we have said, in the Pacific, that the fourth quarter would be our low point and that we would move forward from there and that summer in the Transatlantic with heavy point of sale U.S. would be a very good summer.
Glen Hauenstein: We are not going to speculate on a full year RASM guide. That's a good shot, though. But if you look at --
Glen Hauenstein: Let me just add one thing though, I think you do have to look at comps and comps get considerably easier as we proceed through the year. So that would infer an improving RASM performance.
Glen Hauenstein: No Ted. I think actually for the foreseeable future that the main cabin is where a preponderance of our customers sit and that a vast majority of our revenues reside. So the death of the main cabin, I think, is premature to prognosticate on that. But what the offering is in each one of these cabins, think about what United is doing in basic economy, which is very different than what we are doing. We have this all changes as we respond to what consumers really want to buy from airlines is going to be fascinating to watch.
Glen Hauenstein: Susan, it's an active investigation. So we are pretty limited to what we can discuss. It did happen in our terminal. So yes, Delta customers were impacted. But we really can't provide much more than that.
