Jill Greer: Thanks, Kelly Anne, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our September quarter call. Joining us from Atlanta today are Richard Anderson, Delta's Chief Executive Officer; Ed Bastian, our President; and Paul Jacobson, our Chief Financial Officer. We also have the entire leadership team here in the room for the Q&A session. Richard will open the call, Ed will then address our financial and revenue performance, and Paul will conclude with a review of cost performance and cash flow. [Operator Instructions] Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, and some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted, and you can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at delta.com. And with that, I will turn it over to Richard Anderson.
Jill Greer: And that's going to conclude the analyst portion of the call. I'm going to turn it over to Betsy Talton for the media portion.
Jill Greer: Thanks very much, again, everyone. Richard, Ed, Paul, Glen and team, thank you. That concludes our September quarter call. We'll see many of you at Investor Day in New York on December 11 and be back on the phone for the December quarter and year-end results in January.
Edward H. Bastian: Sure, Mike. I'll give you a little bit of color and then Glen's here, he can provide more background as well. As you probably are aware, we are continuing to diversify our network, not just through the Pacific but internationally. And the growth of our direct flying to Asia, using Seattle as our principal hub that we're creating off of the West Coast, is affording us the opportunity to get some additional frequencies and opportunities in China. So part of the strategy is to reduce the concentration in Japan with some additional flying both to Korea, as well as to China. And secondly, as you look at Japan and the interports, you're right. There are a handful of interports that we have been pulling down over time and we're going to continue to as we fly directly into Haneda, and then we have those additional Chinese frequencies.
Edward H. Bastian: From what we can tell, the capacity seems to be relatively in line with demand. I'd say the area that we're watching closely here is clearly in the U.S. We've been adding a bit of capacity in the U.S., but that's coming through the form of an upgauge strategy, which is clearly margin accretive and very cost-effective and in fact, reducing the amount of flying we're doing in terms of volume, but increasing the size of the aircraft. Internationally, Europe has some -- probably, some capacity this winter that's at a little higher level than we might like to see relative to the economies there. But as far as Delta sits, we're quite comfortable with where we're positioned.
Edward H. Bastian: Jamie, one of the things that got going on, as I mentioned, we have a lot of new aircraft delivering this quarter. So there's a little bit of uncertainty on the timing and the induction. So rest assured, we're going to strive to come in below the 2%. But for modeling purposes, we think 2% is probably a good estimate right now.
Edward H. Bastian: I think, John, I think it's clearly both. We've seen continued uptick in the overall volume of corporate travel across the industry. And I note that GBTA just put out a survey last week that said that looking into 2014, they're estimating travel expenditures to be up 7%. So clearly, there's a continuing rising tide for corporate travel. But given our double-digit performance that we've been running consistently year-on-year-on-year, clearly there's a considerable amount of share shift that we've also been picking up. So it'd be hard for me to split the 2, but I'd say they're both significant contributors.
Edward H. Bastian: We think there's great opportunity going forward, and I think Richard covered a lot of that in his opening remarks. When you think about the product, that will now be consistent across our entire international fleet, with widebodies starting the spring of next year, when you think about the progress we're making in New York with the new facilities at JFK and LaGuardia and you think about the inroads we're making, particularly in the banking and financial sectors, markets we didn't have much share at all and we're going to be a strong contender, and then you add Virgin on top of that, we got a lot of confidence that we're going to continue to grow that share.
Edward H. Bastian: Sure, sure. We have a considerable hedge book out for another 18 to 24 months. We're building our Pacific restructuring around the assumption that the yen will be at, at least 100 going forward.
Edward H. Bastian: Sure, Tom. This is Ed. We have a big opportunity, principally in the corporate arena, where we can bring our selling efforts together on both sides of the ocean. So since we already have antitrust immunity, our sales -- collective sales teams are working on it today to go out the market with a single sales plan. So, you'll see that will be a big driver of our look-forward opportunity, and New York will be a big beneficiary in that regard. We'll be looking at future network opportunities to grow, with either the Virgin metal or the Delta metal. And I think operationally, Virgin is going to benefit from Delta's operational prowess. And when you think about the size of the company, they've got a great brand and a great name, but they're relatively subscale. We bring a lot of purchasing might to them as well, and operational know-how. So, I think it's a great opportunity and our teams are working very effectively and I'm very excited about it.
Edward H. Bastian: I think it'll -- well, it's both, right? So the JV and the trans-Atlantic, it's all going to be through the JV. So, that's where the big benefits will be. It'll be in the top line.
Edward H. Bastian: We'll continue to give you disclosure of the 49% ownership stake that we have on a real-time basis, and we'll keep you posted as to the JV's progress once we get engaged next year.
Paul A. Jacobson: On the CASM side, David, we actually are just getting started with that. So many of those aircraft they delivered at the back end of the quarter are just going into service. So it's somewhat limited in fourth quarter of '13 and will continue to appreciate over 2014. I think if you're looking at the sequential cost performance, there was some higher spend in third quarter of 2012 that gave us a little bit of an advantage. But overall, we remain balanced at less than 2%.
Paul A. Jacobson: No, I think we believe that we're going to come in around that 2% level and we'll get inside of it. But as we look at where we were in 2012, actually third quarter was the easier comp than fourth quarter is. But as we go through it, again, we're committed to keeping inside of that 2%. We think we'll achieve it.
Paul A. Jacobson: I think if you're looking at just quarterly cash flow, there was an event in third quarter of last year where we've -- third quarter this year, where we've actually unwound some fuel securitization deals that generated a little bit of extra performance. I think on our forward cash, we see continued strong -- receipts are getting us some comfort around that.
Paul A. Jacobson: Sure, John. The share count was primarily a happy problem when the stock price was up 20% quarter-over-quarter. The dilutive impact on treasury stock method for accounting for options and restricted stock actually increases your higher diluted count. The repurchases during the quarter were somewhat back loaded during the quarter, so that the average calculation didn't give them as much of an impact. And then, on your other question, I'm not sure I'd be in good stead if I gave forward-looking guidance on repurchase.
Paul A. Jacobson: We're sitting right around 20% connectivity in LaGuardia, which is the targeted range that we thought we'd be in. We're going to continue to refine our schedule now that we know actual demand, and we feel like we have a lot of momentum going into 2014 with the LaGuardia operations.
Paul A. Jacobson: No. I think our original target was 20% to 25%, so we might be a little bit on the lower range. But we've made a lot of adjustments to really tailor capacity for demand. And I think we're very satisfied with the P&L and where we sit today, and we think there's a lot of upside as we move forward.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, Jamie, I wasn't intending to make any commentary on any of the competitive dynamics in the market, but just focus on what we need to do at Delta. If you look at the New York market, it is a huge market. And what we've been able to do at LaGuardia has been pretty remarkable in terms of turning that to a fully-allocated profitable business. And as we ramp up the Virgin arrangement, our antitrust immunity with Virgin, we will now have the #2 position across the trans-Atlantic to the most important airport in the world for travelers out of the U.S., which is London, Heathrow. So, when you look at -- and I'm just speaking for Delta. I'm really making no reference to any other carrier, because at Delta, we're really just kind of focused on what Delta does. If you look at the momentum we have in LaGuardia, it's going quite well. And JFK has tremendous upside because we've seen enormous improvement in our trans-Atlantic operation to London, Heathrow with Virgin, and we haven't really started the joint venture yet. So the joint venture doesn't even start until January 1. And so when you take the combination of those events for Delta specific, it's a really strong base to be able to continue to grow. When you take the quality of our product, the new facility in JFK, it gives us a very strong base to be able to grow our unit revenues in New York.
Richard H. Anderson: We're going to look forward to seeing everybody on December 11 in New York at our Annual Investor Day.
Richard H. Anderson: Let me just give a little bit of qualitative. In my remarks, I said that we were running ahead of the long-term plan that we provided to investors in May of 2013.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, I think the Chinese carriers are continuing to develop and the Chinese government, to their credit, views -- unlike the United States, the Chinese government views aviation as a strategic asset for its country. And so they're making the kinds of investments in growing and developing 3 strong flag carriers. And if you were in their situation, you would take similar steps.
Richard H. Anderson: Long term, for Delta, ultimately, it could possibly change. I don't know when that will. But when you think about how Delta is positioning itself with China Southern and China Eastern, we have exclusive relationships with 2 of the 3 important flag carriers there, and we're now actually connecting 30 to 40 passengers a day on to our partners in Shanghai and Beijing. But if you have a good vision of where you should be a decade from now, you could imagine replicating the kind of joint venture relationships that we perfected in Europe to be able to move those to China. It's going to take a long time, but that's the kind of work we need to be thinking about now so that we can sustain the free cash flows and the growth of the enterprise over the very long term.
Richard H. Anderson: This is Richard Anderson and I'll have Steve chime in with more specifics. We like the MRO business quite a lot. The change that we've made in that business is to transition it more to component and engine work over time. And given the need around the world for the ability to perform complex maintenance tasks, we're particularly well positioned at Delta. What we have been able to do over the last 18 months, we brought in a new head of that business, Peter Turner, who ran the MRO business for Rolls-Royce for many years. And we built a very strong team and we have significantly expanded our margins in the MRO business. And we expect now that we're going to be moving more into a growth mode in that business. We have a joint venture agreement with Boeing on the 767 tanker that we expect will be a significant growth opportunity for Delta. And as we look out at fleet maturity around the world, we believe we'll be well positioned to be able to leverage our expertise, particularly in engine and component overhaul.
Richard H. Anderson: Hunter, this is Richard. Alitalia is an infinitesimal -- a very small part of the trans-Atlantic JV. It's a $12 billion enterprise and Air France-KLM have the lead on that, and we're not injecting any capital into it.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, we don't disclose or break down the specifics by foreign origin point-of-sale on our corporate sales.
Richard H. Anderson: It's just a lot more complex than that because we have joint venture agreements with Air France, KLM, Aeroméxico, GOL. And these joint venture agreements have both foreign point-of-sale and U.S. point-of-sale. So they're really -- the right way to look at these businesses as in the totality.
Richard H. Anderson: Yes, we did. In the month of October, we estimated that it had a negative impact of $20 million to $25 million on our revenues.
Richard H. Anderson: Well we haven't issued any guidance to the like for 2014. But just overall, it's not good for the U.S. economy to lurch from one sequester government shutdown to another every 90 to 120 days. It's not good for any company or organization in the U.S.
