Jill Sullivan Greer: Thanks Lauren. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Our CEO, Richard Anderson is joining us remotely today and Ed Bastian our President, Paul Jacobson, our CFO, and the remainder of the leadership team is here in Atlanta today. Richard will open the call. Ed will then address our financial and revenue performance and Paul will conclude with a review of our cost performance and cash flow. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow up. Today’s discussion does contain forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta’s SEC filings. We’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted. And you can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to Richard.
Jill Sullivan Greer: Lauren, we're now ready for questions from the analysts if you could give everybody instructions on how to get in the queue.
Jill Sullivan Greer: Okay. Let’s then include the analysts portion of the call and I’ll now turn the call over to Kevin Shinkle, our Chief Communications Officer.
Richard Anderson: But I think that we’re going to always be transparent with our investors. I don’t think that there’s any legal prohibition on being transparent unilaterally that is with our investors. And if you think about the data that’s available on airlines, our schedules are public. We’re filed in OAG and ATP Carro and under DOT regulations we're required to file huge amounts of data with the government in addition to all the public data that’s made available through the GDS Systems. So bottom line is we’re going to continue to comply with the law, act unilaterally and do our best to give our investors visibility into our business.
Richard Anderson: I think it’s premature to do that. The Delta Master Executive Council is going to be meeting in a couple of weeks and we really need to hear back from them. I think the overarching story is that we have an incredible track record with them and if you think about it, we’re still five months ahead of the amendable day. So bottom line is the relationship is still strong. It’s intact. We have a decade history of being able to work well together and we’re still operating on both sides in that same spirit.
Richard Anderson: There is a no shift in that Julie. Our plan is and our goal is to get there by the end of the year and we would like to get to positive. But we got to get to flat before we get to positive right.
Richard Anderson: Let me take this. Where the up-gauging strategy is an important -- continuing important part of our fleet strategy because no matter what, operating the fleet more efficiently makes good sense from a margin standpoint. And so when we up-gauge 50-seater to a 76-seater or a 76-seater to a 100-seater and all the way up the line, we’re still going to be able to operate a larger number of ASMs with a fewer number of shelves in that kind of efficiency. If you just think about it from a factory standpoint, we’re running our factories much more efficiently and you’ll always invest in efficiency in an industrial business.
Richard Anderson: Let me try to answer those. As to the second point without going into the specifics because they're proprietary to Delta, we have very good programs to be certain that our products are consistent across our code share partners both domestically and internationally. And we have a pretty significant focus on that and some firm specific proprietary strategies and processes that actually have our connection carriers running better on reliability basis in some of our mainline competitors. And I think in New York and in Minneapolis and Detroit where you have really cold weather all the time in Atlanta, we have just made a lot of investments and I think have the leading management operations management team in the world for an airline. And if you look at the performance of our operation, there is no airline even close to our size that performs at the kinds of levels and I think Ed had described it well at an Analyst Conference a while back last year and we’re going to beat the record this year, but last year we had in the domestic system I think 195 days where we didn’t cancel a domestic flight. I think American, United and Southwest together add 12 and it just -- that same operating knowhow and capability which is driving huge share and revenue shifts to Delta can continue to improve and will continue to improve because we’re just about at scale in both JFK and LaGuardia.
Richard Anderson: We are, but we also had employees that are all incredibly committed to making the airline run and there is -- in the end, there is no substitute for the power of the -- and the knowhow of the employees. But I would say it’s a merrier of investments. Its better planning tools. It's a lot of technology investment. Its core reliability investments. Its process investment and how we build our schedules. It’s a very long list of actions that we’ve taken over time and investments that we’ve taken over time.
Richard Anderson: I think we’ll save that for our Investor Day later in the year, but while it's safe to say is some of the products are very, very popular with our customers are still very difficult to purchase from us and so 2016 is about arguably to bring us to the market in a much more user-friendly environment and continue to expand our products and services we have. So we see a lot of continued upside through '16 and I think we’ll save the punch line for our next Investor Day.
Richard Anderson: Well obviously in the key markets in Sao Paulo, Mexican City there is a lot constrained and this will take time to continue to build out the efficiencies, but as we create the joint ventures and get our operations working together, we think there will be opportunities to certainly increase throughput there in the big markets and then to me more importantly working throughout the domestic landscape in both markets.
Richard Anderson: With ATI protection, we can go to the market together. So we can sell together. We schedule together. Our international feet, today we can’t do that in those markets.
Richard Anderson: To be specific we said by year-end. So we set by fourth quarter and yes, there will be considerable amount of capacity reallocations potentially in the international arena. We will lapse the effects, the big effects of the unit revenue hedge largely from the fourth quarter on FX and our goal is to get the -- as we’re heading into 2016 on a positive trajectory.
Richard Anderson: We have said that our growth will start to meter down a bit, but we still are projecting future growth in SeaTac yes.
Richard Anderson: We think that the Pacific continues to be a bright spot in terms of global economic development and Seattle of course is our best positioned U.S. hub. We’re very enthusiastic about the results to date in Seattle and today as of last month we are connecting now to over 700 people a day in SeaTac to firm our domestic system to our international network. And that’s why it’s very important for us to continue to work with the city to ensure that we had adequate facilities to be able to create a world-class connecting opportunity in the City of Seattle. So we’re very enthusiastic about the potential in the future and we’re committed to working with the communities to make sure that, that facility is a world-class experience for connecting customers.
Richard Anderson: Well, if there are no other calls, I think we can conclude -- no other questions, we’ll conclude this call. Thank you very much.
Glen Hauenstein: One of the things that our great relationship with Air France scale I mean now Virgin, allows us to do is to do contract during periods of lower economic growth and route that traffic over the European hubs in Amsterdam in London. So what you see with us for example as we reduce our capacity into Russia because of the weakness in the demand to Russia, we expect to generate a significant or retain a significant amount of that over those hubs and so as we work our way through this situation with the lower Euro and the lower European demand, we actually would increase -- we would expect to increase our connecting traffic over our European hubs.
Glen Hauenstein: Correct. As we’ve stated in the past, we are not -- we have not been the largest player in the U.S. to India or the Indian Subcontinent but it is a significant long-term threat to us. As much a missed opportunity, we believe that under the right and clear circumstances that we should be able to fly non-stop from the U.S. into India.
Glen Hauenstein: Hi, this is Glen Hauenstein. So I think as you look at where the weakness is, it is not in corporate demand. It is in the yield that we’re obtaining from corporate demand. And so as we continue to move forward, we don’t talk about future pricing initiatives we never have and so -- but I would say is I think that corporate demand remains very, very strong and very, very strong even out of the cities that have had this yield impact and how the industry reacts will determine how those three cities do.
Glen Hauenstein: I don’t know where that weakness in close in bookings came into play and I apologize for not knowing when that comment was made, but it really has not been a weakness in close end bookings. It's been a weakness in close and yield and there is a big difference in there. If corporate was not travelling, that would be one that where there was a demand weakness in terms of total load factor that would lead you to one conclusion. If there was a weakness in Europe because of a change in pricing that would lead you to a different conclusion. So I did want to clarify that because I have read it in several reports where people were talking about close in demand deterioration, which is not what Delta has experienced, but we have experienced closing yield deterioration in several key business markets.
Glen Hauenstein: Absolutely it’s not contributing to the yield weakness because it’s a very restricted product that really isn’t purchased by most of our corporate clients. So as a matter of fact many of the corporate agreements we have exclude that as well as here in the marketplace. So what we’ve seen is a very high up-sell rate from that. Once people see what that fare is and what it offers that they’re actually not purchasing that. So through delta.com when you look at that fare and then you are presented with other option 65% of the customers opt out of that fare. And so we actually think that’s yield accretive for leisure and really not very applicable for business travelers.
Glen Hauenstein: No, when I say opt out of that fare that means they’re purchasing a higher fare on that flight. So if and let's just give an example of this, if the lowest fare from Detroit to Orlando is $59 and that was match of an existing spirit fare from it was presented on delta.com the $59 gets you a product that is without a seat assignment most people are opting not to take that fare, but to take the next higher fare, which is essentially an added on price.
Ed Bastian: Duane, we did not disclose our domestic unit revenue expectations for the third quarter, but what I can tell you is that we have embedded within our third quarter overall unit revenue guide the expectation that through the summer that domestic weakness is going to remain.
Ed Bastian: Well, our three really branded fares that we're talking about today, one is basic economy, which is our spirit match fare if you will or ultra low cost carrier which is a de-comp dented product. We have Comfort Plus, which we re-launched in the quarter with a few additional amenities and we saw a huge uptick now. We believe this is all incremental because the transaction is actually a post purchase transaction. So you have to go in and buy the additional service upgrade after you purchased your ticket and so we view that as fully incremental. And then first-class up-sell is really the amount of incremental seats that we’ve sold net of the cost of or the displacement of the coach fares that were upgraded from. So achieving a 57% paid load factor in first class is another stepping stone along our path. I believe when we started, we told our investors that we file this as a several billion dollar opportunity in total with all four of these classes intact or three of the classes intact in the main cabin and so 70% is our long-term goal. We’re at 57 today and we started at 13. So we’ve made quite a bit of progress in the last several years on that front and we’re very pleased with the results in all of our product lines.
Ed Bastian: Sure Susan. This is Ed. We are discussing with the creditors of Skymark the opportunity to invest as part of their rehabilitation and reconstruction process. We’ve long been fairly public about our interest in having a local domestic Japanese partner. This is an opportunity essentially to create that, but I think it’s premature to speculate as to the odds of success of where this is going to go given there is a lot of unique attributes to the Japanese rehabilitation process that are been explored and we have -- we’re in the discussion phase.
Paul Jacobson: Julie, good morning. This is Paul. Clearly as we articulated back in June, we have taken the opportunity given these low prices to accelerate the buyback a little bit. Part of our long term goals is what we’ve talked about is returning at least 50% of cash to shareholders in a balanced fashion. So we don’t have any comment on what our pace is going to be in the second half of the year. But we need to continue to make progress against all of our goals that we outlined in May.
Paul Jacobson: Sure Darryl, Paul. The sensitivity on the underfunded pension plan is about a $1.5 billion for every 50 basis points. So we would expect to see obviously some goodness on the liability there. The rate isn’t as sensitive on expense, but as we continue to fund above the minimum contributions we should see some expense going here as well.
Paul Jacobson: I would anticipate we haven’t publicly disclosed what the deal or the margin performance of that is, but there is a high contribution margin associated with the improved AmEx economics.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Andrew. We haven’t actually materially changed our hedge profile really since February. We’ve been kind of sitting back watching the market there. There isn’t really any urgency here and we’re not really changing the course of action and we’re content with where the book sits right now.
Paul Jacobson: Helane, if I could jump in I just want to clarify one, Andrew from Merrill Lynch asked earlier about our domestic unit revenues by month, domestic unit revenue in April was flat. Domestic unit revenue in May was down 3% and in June it was also down 3%. So I just wanted to give that additional of that.
Paul Jacobson: Savi you asked for the FX impact and the impact of surcharges, the FX is about three points and surcharge is about half point for the third quarter.
