Julie Stewart: Thank you, April, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our March quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining us from Atlanta today are our CEO, Ed Bastian; our President, Glen Hauenstein; our CFO, Dan Janki. Ed will open the call with an overview of Delta's performance and strategy. Glen will provide an update on the revenue environment. And Dan will discuss cost fleet and our balance sheet. After the prepared remarks, we will take analyst questions and we ask – please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up so we can get to as many of you as possible. And after the analyst Q&A, we will move to our media questions. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factor's that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and all results exclude special items unless otherwise noted. You can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Ed.
Julie Stewart: Thanks, Dan. April, can you please remind the analysts how to queue up for a question and then go to our first question.
Julie Stewart: Sheila, did you have another question? I'm sorry. That will wrap up the analyst portion of the call. I'll now turn it over to Tim Mapes, our Chief Marketing and Communications Officer, to start the media questions.
Glen Hauenstein: I think it's all of the above. I think you asked and answered your own question there. You did a great job of articulating our viewpoint is the priority is to operate reliably and the other priorities do not get ahead of demand. So this is a very recent demand increase that we've seen. The uptick just started about six to eight weeks ago, in late February and March. And so as we get through the year, if these demand trends continue, we have the opportunity to take another tick-up or we could pivot in a different direction if warranted. But I think, it has made it very clear to us that being nimble until we get to the very end of this is the key to our success. And I think we've done a very good job as a company being nimble in our offering throughout the pandemic and really been closest to actual demand if you look back at what demand was.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes, I think we're always hopeful for upside. I think what we're excited about when we dissect the spend is that you can really see the spend moving from goods to services and particularly increases in the airline spend on the card. So those are very encouraging statistics for us to continue to monitor as we move through the year. But I think you’ve really seeing that as the moving away from goods and the movement towards experiences and services.
Glen Hauenstein: First, I'll answer the second first. I think that is the next leg up that we see in the demand set, and we think we have very quite robust demand. But there certainly is, in the minds of some consumers, some hesitancy to go abroad and risk being caught, not being able to get back because of catching COVID. So hopefully, we can see that roll back in the next few weeks here. I think the – we are hearing good signs from Washington. We'll see, hopefully, that comes out here. And that would be one of the final things that we would need in place for us to really say that COVID is in our rearview mirror. So hopefully, that happens. And then your second question was what, I'm sorry.
Glen Hauenstein: Absolutely. And I think the one that we're really excited about right now is Transatlantic business which for the first time last week crossed domestic restoration in terms of volume. And so that was a big improvement from where we had been just six or eight weeks ago. So it does look like Transatlantic business is returning robustly, and that's very exciting for us. And I think what we're also excited about is this survey that we just got back that said 90% expect to travel more in 2Q than they did at 1Q. So I think when we report to you next quarter, we'll see both of those numbers continuing to move up. And of course, the big question mark is when will Japan and China reopen? And that's probably not in this next quarter and hopefully some time this fall, but that's a little bit further out. What I would say is when these countries are open, business returns quickly. So to Korea, to Australia, we've seen very rapid increases in business demand as those countries have opened.
Glen Hauenstein: Right. Well, clearly, we know about supply chains trying to catch up. And clearly, airfreight has been one of the ways to relieve that pressure. And so we've seen airfreight rates continue to move in a favorable direction. I'd say the one caution I have right now is the closure of China. And China has been, of course, a very strong, strong market for us in the cargo area. And with Shanghai closed and we're literally not flying to China right now until Shanghai reopens, so that's going to weigh a little bit on cargo revenues as we move forward. But as that does reopen, then you can see that pent-up demand for goods that need to get shipped out of China and potentially even another leg up. So I'd say, we're in a temporary pause right now because of the issues in China, but I expect, as China comes back online, and I don't know the exact date, I don't think anybody does, but we could see an even stronger demand coming out of that.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I'd say absolutely not. As a matter of fact, we've been trying to catch up to this robust demand. And our quest in the revenue management team, who I think has done an excellent job in managing this surge, is to not run out of seats as we get towards the peak travel, summer travel season. So we want to have reasonably priced offers in market right up to day of departure and we don't want to be running out of seats. Having said that, we are running ahead in terms of absolute bookings domestically in the rest of the quarter. And so we're actively managing that down a little bit so that we don't run out as we get very close to departure date. So I hope that gives you some color as to what we're looking at right now. But we're, right now, in the mode of trading traffic for yield.
Glen Hauenstein: No. As a matter of fact, when you look at where we're booked ahead, we have had the offers slightly ahead in peak days and peak travel periods versus off-peak. And we've seen the consumer demand that you would expect, travelers moving into the off-peak period, but at higher yields. So really, really encouraged by what we see as we head into late spring and summer and we'll see how it actually materializes. But everything we see right now points to a very, very robust travel through the remainder of spring and summer. Q –  Thank you, Glen. Excellent.
Glen Hauenstein: We have moved more and more to ticketing, time of ticketing. So I'd say, and I don't have these numbers, I can follow-up with you, but my guess is that they're around 70% is done at time of ticketing and about 30% post-purchase.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. I would not say that we're seeing that same phenomenon. Our corporate booking seems -- outside of 21 days now, seems to be trending similarly inside of 2021. So I'd say we're seeing very normal booking curves in terms of business. And I think what we're seeing, and this is more anecdotally than you see in the type of transaction you have, but people's reason for traveling for business is slightly different. We are seeing an increase in meetings, an increase in groups, and I think that may be why hotels are seeing further out APs because it's harder to get big blocks.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I think one of the issues is moving out of COVID, we probably will not run the peaks as peaky as we had in the past in order to create more efficiency in the network on a year-round basis. And I think we've really come -- we've instituted a lot of plans in that space to try and ease out some of the peakiness of our operational schedules. And I'll give you an example is, historically pre COVID, we operated about 20% more widebodies in the summer than we did in the winter. So when you think about the way that we utilize our pilots or our flight attendants in those categories, that they had very easy rosters in the off-peak and very tensed rosters in the peak. And what we've been really working on during COVID is to come out of this with a more deseasonalized network, so we can improve the asset utilization, flatten out the peaks and build up on the troughs. And we spent a lot of time thinking about that and creating it. And I think as we get to the fall and winter schedules, you'll see how we've dealt with that. I don't want to talk about that right now in detail, but I think those are the real things that we're looking at doing.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. I mean, we don't talk about future pricing as a rule, so we'll stay away from that subject. And I'd just say that when you have stronger demand, you clearly have opportunities on the margin to improve the offer in the marketplace and see if consumers respond to that. And that's really what we've been doing as fuel prices have continued to run up and demand continues to remain strong. So, those levers alone have gotten us to where we feel very comfortable about the 2Q revenue environment.
Glen Hauenstein: Sure. We haven't seen a lot of resistance to the price points that we have in market, and our goal is to have reasonable price points in market up to day of departure. And as we head to the peak, there are going to be constraints on peak days. And so as you shop around, if you're looking for lower fares, you have to be flexible in terms of which days you'd be willing to fly. But as we sit today, we have a load factor cushion versus where we sat in 2019. So we have a higher percentage of our total seats already booked which is, of course, putting a little bit of pressure on the ones we have remaining to sell in terms of increasing the offers on the margin. So look, my advice to travelers is to book early and be flexible if fares are your most important attribute. But what we're seeing more and more is that, that is not the only attribute. The quality of service and that level of service counts more and more. So I hope that answered your question.
Glen Hauenstein: I'd just make one -- the number of transactions that you could actually complete on digital is in the low 80s. The adoption rate is in the low 60s. So continuing to push people. And since you have a direct line to the consumer is encouraging, continue to encourage them to seek a digital answer first rather than calling and waiting on the line because most -- only very complicated transactions now can't be handled digitally.
Ed Bastian: Hi, Catie, this is Ed, I'll take that. We've been at this for the better part of the last 18 months getting ahead of it. And we hired over 10,000 people last year. We hired another 4,000 people already this year. So we've hired 15,000 people. And we are largely where we need to be on staffing. Yes, pilots have a training pipeline and it will take some time before pilots are fully in category and where we want them positioned. It'll probably take another year or two. Flight attendants, likewise, we're hiring flight attendants and there's a queue as to how much many people we can put through the training pipeline. But that's not where the real congestion is. It's in the airport, it's on the ground experience, it's making sure we have our suppliers ready and positioned. One thing we did last year, really almost two years ago now, is we took over a lot of the functions at the airport that had been outsourced, catering, cleaning, wheelchair pushing. And we have Delta people in position, and we've hired Delta people to do it to make certain that we get the best experience for our customers. And you know what? Not only are people doing a much better job at it, we're also doing it much more efficiently and effectively and customers are appreciating it. So the labor situation, you're right, has changed pretty dramatically over the course of the last two years. We've been out ahead and that's why you look at our operational stats over that time frame, we've led the industry consistently.
Ed Bastian: Hi, Helane, no, we're not. One of the great things about our brand is throughout this period we've been able to attract and bring in the 15,000 people I talked about with fundamentally not having to change the scales we've used in select high-priced markets, some sign-on bonuses, very judiciously. But fundamentally, no, our scales are intact and the 4% increase May 1st helps.
Ed Bastian: Well, thanks, Conor. I think, again, throughout the pandemic, we have, as Glen said, been the most disciplined in the return of supply and have -- probably have a better match to demand than anyone else. And it's been interesting to watch because a lot of airlines have taken different approaches over the course of the last two years. Fundamentally, our commitment and our promise to our customers is to give them a great, safe, on-time, reliable experience, and we continue to invest more and more in the premium categories of our aircraft, of our service elements and the quality of our -- of the service that our people drive and it speaks for itself. We take, very humbly, the various awards we've won over the course of the last couple of years. I think we've expanded our leadership during COVID. We had the most to lose, and I think we gained the most over that time frame, candidly. And we've got some really nice momentum as we're bringing and opening new airports. We've got the new LaGuardia opening in June, which will all be very pleased to be the new LAX that we cut the ribbon on with the mayor a couple of weeks ago and the new international facility in Seattle and continued expansions in Salt Lake and improvements in Minneapolis, many other places. So we're going after the customer experience on the ground as well as in the air with a heightened focus on premium. That's about all we can say.
Ed Bastian: Well, you're right, Myles, we're not seeing it. But at the same time, we acknowledge our crystal ball is only as good as the next 60 to 90 days or whatever we have in terms of kind of a decent build of bookings on hand. And certainly, the next 60 to 90 days look good, as evidenced by our guidance. So we expect a very strong summer coming through that. Consumer -- the health of the consumer is something we spend a lot of time talking about and watching and looking at. But there's other elements at play here with respect to the consumer. One is that, consumers have not been traveling over the last two years. So this is a category that they're prioritizing as they're looking at where their spend is going into travel. You see it in credit card data, you see it all across the board. And this is not just true at Delta, this is true within our industry. Hotels are seeing it, rental car companies, et cetera. People are looking for experiences. You're seeing a pretty significant shift coming out of goods and retail into experiences and services. And that's not just the fact that people haven't traveled, they've also saved money as they've accumulated some meaningful cash and discretionary income for what they have been doing over the last couple of years. So we feel pretty strongly that we're going to continue to see the strong demand extend beyond just the normal summer surge but into the fall. At the same time, we're watching it. I think the place we've been looking for is pricing resistance. When we start to see pricing, particularly with high input costs like fuel, starting to challenge our demand and supply assumptions, then we'll take the next step-up. For now, we're feeling cautiously bullish about the summer.
Ed Bastian: Thanks, Savi. Yes, there is certainly a challenge to the business model that the regionals are experiencing. And you're right, we've moved pretty aggressively to transition out of the lower category, the 50-seat regional jet, over the last 10 years. So as a result of that, we have less lift coming out of the regional in terms of aggregate shelves and pilot requirements and staffing obligations than some of our other competitors in the industry. They were down to less than 150-seat regionals, probably meaningfully less, at the present time and we don't intend to grow that. It's going to continue to drop. It's a reset period. I think everyone is dealing with their partners in a certain way. Certainly, it's driving up costs on the pilot side, to keep the pilots in the regional category until we're ready to bring them up to the main lines. But fundamentally, it's still a good business for us. We've got a considerable investment in it, and we're going to do our best to continue to grow it, but not at the lower category. We're happy with our 76-seat product. And to the extent, we can get more of those, we would.
Ed Bastian: Well, Leslie, on the question with respect to labor and union, this is not new at Delta. We've been the unions for many, many years looking at the Delta employees and have been actively seeking their support. So we, on the one hand, absolutely support our employees to make the best interest -- the best decision that's in their best interest. But at the same time, we know historically that the employees of Delta have been best served by having the direct relationship with our leadership. So we don't -- this is not anything new or different. It's really more of the same. So I wouldn't read too much into what the -- what's going on at Amazon or Starbucks or other places and try to equate that to Delta. It's a very different situation. And we've dropped as of this month the additional insurance surcharge given the fact that we really do believe that the pandemic has moved to a seasonal virus and any employees that haven't been vaccinated will not be paying extra insurance costs going forward.
Ed Bastian: And Dawn, on the question to reservation specifically, if that's what you were asking. We have continued a very, very aggressive drumbeat of hiring in reservations to the point we're now over 50% of our total employees and reservations have been hired just within the last couple of years and we're continuing to grow that. And as our people are getting more experienced and more comfortable, the service levels continue to improve. And we've also invested aggressively in our digital self-service options where, several years ago, maybe only 20% of the reasons people would call us could -- they could actually manage it digitally through self-service channels. Today, that's over 60% of the reasons people call us can be handled digitally. And people are continuing to expand and the adoption of self-service is growing substantially. Obviously, as demand has surged, that continues to put more pressure on the phones. As international is opening, that puts more pressure on the phones. But on balance, our phones are generally even -- and we allocate based on the level of service and the dial-in category, they get responded to the quickest. But on average, the wait times in the phones are less than 30 minutes.
Ed Bastian: I'll take the first question, and Dan can talk to the refinery. It's really a function of demand. To the extent we continue to see very, very strong demand for our product, our ability to push on not just the increased cost of fuel, but all of our cost inputs, we're shortening the time lag between when we experience that cost and when it's in the pricing structure. But it's really a function of demand more so than any decisions that we take on our own.
Ed Bastian: This is Ed again. We – fares are all over the place, they move every day and fuel prices move every day, so we're not going to track to any specific comment. I think you heard in our remarks that we're actually seeing in pricing today real-time coverage for where fuel costs are.
Ed Bastian: Well, I want to thank you all for joining us. We are thrilled with the performance of our team, the progress we've made in terms of serving the demand that is returning, we've been waiting for two years to see this, and we're ready to go, customers are ready to go, and we look forward to a very, very strong spring and summer season and look forward to speaking to you all in July, when we can report on the second quarter results. Everybody have a good day. Thanks for joining us today.
