Jill Greer: Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on our March quarter call. Joining us from Atlanta today are our CEO, Ed Bastian; our President, Glen Hauenstein; and our CFO, Paul Jacobson. Our entire leadership team is here in the room for the Q&A session. Ed will open the call and give an overview of Delta’s financial performance; Glen will then address the revenue environment; and Paul will conclude with a review of our cost performance and cash flow. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta’s SEC filings. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items, unless otherwise noted. We are also providing cost comparisons on a normalized basis as it better matches the retroactive expense we incurred in the fourth quarter of 2016 from our pilot contract to the appropriate quarters of 2016. You can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to Ed.
Jill Greer: Thanks Paul, Ed and Glen. Jennifer, we could move to the analyst portion of the call if you could give the instructions for the Q&A.
Jill Greer: We are now going to wrap up the analyst portion of the call and I am happy to turn it over to our Chief Communications Officer, Ned Walker.
Jill Greer: Okay. Thank you all very much. That concludes the March quarter 2017 call. We’ll be back in 3 months with the June 2017 call. Thanks, everyone.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning Duane. Thanks for joining us and thanks for your question. Obviously on a non-normalized basis, there is a significant lump in the reported earnings for 4Q because of that retroactive component last year, but as you look at the normalized results in the second half due to both a little bit higher capacity utilization in the peak summer periods and the second half of the year as well as lapping various product investments that we made beginning last year with meal service, enhanced snacks, etcetera, we start to see some of that CASM pressure wean and that’s what’s driving a higher pressure in the first half than the second half.
Paul Jacobson: No, the savings of the pension were all pre-determined as amortized over all of 2017, so that run rate, which is in excess of $100 million of net savings to the company is already baked into 1Q results and will continue through the rest of the year.
Paul Jacobson: So we will get back to the specific normalized. I don’t have the margin calculation right in front of me. But we are looking at it on a normalized basis going forward, but for the second half of the year and certainly the full year results factor all of that out, because it’s just a matter of timing. But consistent with what we have said going back to the fourth quarter results as well, the normalization is taking out, I think it’s $390 million – $380 million out of the fourth quarter and just allocating it evenly across the first three and that’s spread evenly across the full year.
Paul Jacobson: I think that’s about right. Yes. We will get back to you on the specific, it is the normalized results that we are looking to expand our margins.
Paul Jacobson: There is actually none of it going through there at that point, because the tender offer wasn’t completed until the end of the quarter.
Paul Jacobson: Sure. Hunter, good morning, it doesn’t reflect any early adoption as we will implement that in the first quarter of ‘18 as required by the adoption. And we will provide more details on that because there is going to be a lot of changes in 2018 obviously with revenue recognition and et cetera. So we will get into more detail on that later in the year.
Glen Hauenstein: The declines and the reason for the decline and the forecasted profitability of Virgin Atlantic are more related to currency. And as you know, the British economy so far has held up better than anticipated post-Brexit. While we have heard a lot of noise about people moving and we respond to the demand, and I think we have a lot of levers should we actually see that materialize, but given that we haven’t really seen demand declines yet, I think it would be premature for us to announce what we might do if demand declined. And I think what we have seen is, it’s never been a better time to go to the UK or it’s never been a better time to go to Europe for U.S. travelers. And we have seen an offset of UK point of origin, the U.S. point of origin has more than offset the decline in the existing UK weakness.
Glen Hauenstein: Dan, we are not going to speculate on future relationships. The two big ones that we are looking at obviously is the Aeromexico JV that’s going to be launching this quarter. And we are very excited about that. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the Korean JV, which will, in my opinion be a real game changer across North Asia, and we are excited about both.
Glen Hauenstein: The 84% is the survey of our corporate clients and it’s the percent that are expecting to spend more. That is a first – is 1 point higher than it was last year and it is a first quarter record high. Really not a lot of color around the 16%, they do not but they are scattered around various industries. I think a couple of standouts that are very positive this year would be energy and banking and finance. So I think probably good reasons for both of those to be optimistic about travel for the rest of the year.
Glen Hauenstein: I think actually in the text, we gave a figure, we thought that the unit revenues domestically would be higher than that.
Glen Hauenstein: I think in the prepared remarks, we said that we thought it would take longer to get to positive RASM in the Transatlantic than it would be other entities. But we are seeing very robust U.S. point of sale demand to Europe for the peak summer. And we are believing that for at least from our perspective that most of that will be absorbed by that higher demand. I can’t speak for other carriers.
Glen Hauenstein: I will answer the second part of your question first. I think that we are comfortable that with the capacity that’s available in the industry today, we can achieve significant positive revenue momentum through foreseeable future here. And the foreseeable feature for an airline is probably 3 months to 6 months. The first question, could you go back on that because I wasn’t quite understood…
Glen Hauenstein: I think that when you look at the macros, you could say it grows generally with the GDP. This cycle we have seen really robust leisure demand. So I think what you will see in the industry, this is just a forecast of when you get to third and fourth quarter, you will see that it’s actually probably going a little bit faster than GDP, because the customers are – the customer base has grown and the fares required to now translate that into RASM are very nominal.
Ed Bastian: Dan, I want to add also that our Transatlantic business to London with Virgin Atlantic is solidly profitable. And you need to remember in the Virgin Atlantic result, there is also other parts of the world they fly to London outside of the Transatlantic and that’s probably the area of core weakness, one of the areas of core weakness that they are experiencing, so we feel very good about our Transatlantic position at London.
Ed Bastian: Well, Rajeev, we have very positive RASM for the rest of the quarter on the books for domestic in particular. And what we have seen in the past is as we move into the months, because the business fares were lower, those yields declined as you have got to the day of flight. We are seeing that taper off substantially from where we were just a few months ago and we are really just anticipating that the existing trends continue with just slight improvements over the quarter.
Ed Bastian: Well, the big advantage we have, I think with Basic Economy is the fact that when people are presented with the option of buying Basic Economy and for these are people who are buying the lowest available fare, when they are actually presented with what’s the content of [Technical Difficulty], they are selecting something else. And that’s the real value, is to be able to define a product and then be able to match that product to what customers want. And that’s really how we have tried to de-commoditize the industry, is to demonstrate the people what the products and services are and separate them out because if we are not able to do that and we are only playing to the lowest common denominator and you wind up being commoditized. And I think when you think back to the frequent flyer program and how we used to give mileage based just on how long you flew and not how much you paid or what products you bought, we would really tried to reinvent the entire airline experience to be based not just on a seat and a fare, but the line of products.
Ed Bastian: We have been – as you know, we were the first major carrier to introduced Basic Economy. And other carriers have announced it and now have begun implementation of it. But they haven’t really put it out broadly in application. So I think it’s early for us to be able to communicate what their implementation is going to do to us.
Ed Bastian: Hunter, this is Ed. Yes, we continue to see excess capacity in wide-bodies as we look to the future for the industry as a whole. We continue to look internally as to what that means to Delta and we are in discussion with our OEM partners on what that means. And you could anticipate some reductions, I think broadly over the next several years.
Ed Bastian: Sure, Daryl. Overbooking is a valid business process. There is operational considerations behind that. It’s not a question, in my opinion, as to whether you overbook, its how you manage an overbook situation. Delta, we have done a very, very good job of managing our overbook as we lead the industry in that regard. And interestingly, when you compare to an airline – to some airlines out there who actually advertise they don’t overbook. And our numbers are 10x better in terms of involuntary denied booking spend, some of the airlines who advertise that they don’t overbook, but clearly do in terms of having involuntary denials. So it’s not about whether there is overbookings and our aggregate if you think about the full year of 2016, we had in total, 1,200 denied boardings for the entire year, that’s 1 in 100,000 passengers. So I don’t think it’s a significant challenge for us. I think it’s very much about giving our frontline the tools and the flexibility to empower them at the first point of contact and that’s what we will continue to do.
Ed Bastian: Joe, we have no intent to monetize or spin-off the loyalty programs, if I am understanding your question properly. And I am not quite certain 10 years ago what was the – what was discussed back then, but we have never given serious consideration to actually spinning off the programs and monetizing them in that manner. I think the issues that have been discussed over last 1 year or 2 years as to providing a bit better color and transparency about the margins in the loyalty arrangement makes some sense and we are looking at that, but we have no intent to go down in a structural path.
Ed Bastian: The loyalty programs in our view are the relationships we have with our most important customers. And we have never seriously considered actually monetizing or outsourcing that relationship. So I think the – there is value to what you are suggesting in terms of providing some better transparency and value that’s embedded within our loyalty arrangements. But I don’t believe we are going to explore an external infusion of capital into that.
Ed Bastian: Sure, I think the inflections are the down gauge of the airline from 747-400s to A350s and that occurs late this year or early in ‘18. And the bringing online of – and this can happen even before the JV. The JV with Korean probably will not occur until 2018. But there are steps that we will take that will bring us closer to Korean between now and then that should improve the connectivity of the Incheon hub. And Incheon is already the premier facility and operation in Asia connecting Southeast Asia to the U.S. And we will take another step forward this – late this summer when we being on the new terminal in Incheon, which will really be a state-of-the-art and probably the best terminal in the world and something we think very exciting for our customers, it gives us Asia to connect through.
Ed Bastian: Kevin, this is Ed. We have been averaging in the 106 to 110 range of industry RASM for the last number of years. We continue to see it sustainable. I don’t believe it’s a temporary phenomenon. I believe it comes back to quality of service and product and delivery by the best people in the industry. It’s not something that customers in the past have had experienced as well in this industry that they are now starting to experience better. And I think it’s durable. I think it’s sticky. We are not seeing any erosion in terms of overall corporate demand. And our share continues to be very strong. So we have heard this probably for about 8 years or 9 years, that Delta’s revenue premium was somewhat at risk and every year we continue to go to market and improve that the Delta people are the best in the business and our customers value and pay us a premium for the services we provide.
Ed Bastian: The used versus new aircraft are always at the table. They weren’t driven by any one person. Richard was a proponent as many of us were. And we continue to look at the best options for aircraft in the future. And now, listen, we bought a lot of new aircraft under Richard, too, so...
Ed Bastian: Thanks, David. No, we are not understaffed. The storm that hit us on Wednesday was a – have the impact that, in my 20 years at the airline, we have never seen. It’s not just a storm there were 7 different thunderstorm cells that happened over a rapid fire basis. Starting early morning to the evening, there were tornadoes in the region. We had a virtual shutdown of Atlanta for the better part of the entire day. And when you couple that with the very heavy period of travel, because we are right in the middle of the spring break travel period to peak, so we had limited capacity and seats by which that we could re-accommodate those disrupted operations. It really created a significant delay in terms of the challenges that we faced. We had crews that were diverted. We had crew rotations that were broken. We certainly understand and recognized the impact that’s had not just on our crews, but also on our customers and we apologize as we did and we certainly take full responsibility for making this better into the future, but it was a function of the environment. As I said in my prepared remarks, we have a team that’s focused on changes that we could need to continue to make in better crew tracking, better crew information and contact availability, we had crews calling in from all across the system that we are literally running the airline hour by hour in terms of where crews were and getting them piece back together. And it was a very difficult process for us.
Ed Bastian: Well, as I said, the big changes we are making is around technology investment. And getting better crew tracking and this is an issue that’s not just the Delta issue this is an issue for the industry as to how to minimize disruptions when they occurred. Typically, we certainly have had storms in the past, never in the middle of the summer with lack of warning that we saw. When we have snowstorms or snow events, we typically get out of the way and we let the weather past. We were not able to get out of the way. It hit us as we were right in the middle of one of the busiest travel periods of the year.
Ed Bastian: Both, Michael. I think the industry, when you look at the overall demand environment, internationally obviously since you are talking wide-bodies with the level of capacity there is pressure in the environment. Supply is growing in many international markets in excess of demand. And with the amount of new wide-bodies and a lot of them by the way being triggered from the Middle East is going to create some really significant pressures on pricing in the wide-body market.
Ed Bastian: It wasn’t a question that the IT didn’t work. It actually worked and it was worked as they designed – it got overwhelmed by the volume of broken rotations and cancellations and diversions. All of which needed to be put together on the fly at a level, an unprecedented level of volume that overwhelmed the systems a bit. So, the systems are working throughout. It was the size and the magnitude and the volume that we are experiencing that caused the delay.
Ed Bastian: I don’t think we need to have additional legislation to try to control how the airlines run their business in this space. As I indicated, it’s a relatively small impact at Delta, while we – every single involuntary denied boarding, we take seriously and do our very best to minimize it. Our overall total number of involuntary denied boardings in the entire year of 2016 was 1,200 people, which was down 50% from what it had been in the prior year. It’s 5x better than our big major carriers and 10x better than some carriers that actually advertised that they don’t overbook. I think the key is managing it before you get to the boarding process and that’s what our team has done a very effective and efficient job over. There are operational considerations, do wait balancing, weather delay, I mean, there is things that happened that create overbooking situations beyond just pure over sales.
Ed Bastian: All I can do is comment on how Delta handles it. And I am confident when or if people had an opportunity to look at how Delta has managed it, they would say Delta is doing a pretty good job of it.
Ed Bastian: We were talking about the 747 retirements and the 767. We are initiating our 767 retirements. Three will be retiring this year. I don’t know the tail numbers are in – I don’t know that we do.
