Jill Sullivan Greer: Thanks, Katie. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on our December quarter call. Speaking on the call today will be Richard Anderson, our CEO; Ed Bastian, our President; and Hank Halter, our CFO. We also have our leadership team here for the Q&A, including Glen Hauenstein, Mike Campbell, Paul Jacobson, Holden Shannon, Ben Hirst, and Ned Walker. Richard will open the call, Ed will then address our financial and revenue performance, and Hank will conclude with the review of our cost performance and liquidity. To get in as many questions during the Q&A, please limit yourselves to one question and a follow-up. I do have to tell you today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause these differences are described in Delta’s SEC filings. We'll discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted, and you can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at delta.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to Richard.
Jill Sullivan Greer: Hey, Jamie.Jamie Baker – JP Morgan Chase: Can you hear me? Great. Richard and Ed, I want to ask an M&A-related question in a way that hopefully you are willing to answer. So here it goes. First, on labor, do you think your relationship with ALPA is strong enough right now that they would have a seat at the table should Delta choose to pursue any further industry consolidation? Second, given the strain you went through on the slot swap, do you think that regulators, broadly speaking, are currently in a position where they are willing to negotiate with multiple parties, multiple airlines? And third, if every airline out there hypothetically was for sale, all of their hubs, all of their aircraft, etc., all of the international routes, where would you see the greatest need to beef up the Delta network? So again, labor, regulatory and beefing up the Delta network. Over to you.
Jill Sullivan Greer: Thanks, Ray. Katie, that’s going to wrap up the analyst portion of the call. And so I will now turn it over to Ned Walker.
Hank Halter: Thanks, Ed. And good morning, everyone. Turning to cost performance for the December quarter, operating expenses for the quarter increased $360 million or 5%. Our oil and fuel price per gallon was $2.97, up 20% from prior year, which drove $515 million in fuel expense pressure, as fuel price pressure was offset by $150 million in settled hedge gains. The hedge gains came as a result of our decision to take advantage of a low fuel environment in September to lock in a substantial portion of our December quarter consumption. Excluding fuel, our operating expenses were flat, as the benefits of our capacity reduction and maintenance savings were offset by higher revenue-related expenses and profit sharing. Consolidated non-fuel unit costs grew 1.8% year-over-year on a 3.5% decrease in capacity, driven by selling-related expenses and our Shared Rewards Program, which rewards employees from meeting operational goals. Non-operating expenses increased $37 million year-over-year, primarily due to FAS 133 gains in the December 2010 quarter. Looking to March quarter cost performance, we anticipate March quarter non-fuel unit costs to be up 3% to 5% from prior year. And the main drivers of the March quarter increase are higher selling-related expenses; employee investments, including wage harmonization; strategic initiatives, including the implementation of the LaGuardia slot swap and the new Atlanta international terminal; and the impact of the March quarter 3% to 5% capacity reduction. With regard to fuel and hedging, for the March quarter, we are 66% hedged between $3.00 and $3.25 per gallon. And for the June quarter, we are 58% hedged between $2.75 and $3.25 per gallon. As of Friday’s curve, we are forecasting our March quarter all-in fuel price to be $3.16, which includes $0.05 of net hedged gains, and our June quarter at $3.10, which includes $0.10 of net hedged gains. We are primarily using collars and cost spreads as our hedging instruments. Shifting to liquidity, we ended 2011 with $5.4 billion in unrestricted liquidity, which included $3.6 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.8 billion in undrawn revolving credit facilities. Operating cash flow for the December quarter was $1.2 billion and free cash flow was $750 million. Operating cash flow includes $675 million of SkyMiles purchases by American Express in the December quarter. Capital expenditures were $400 million, which included $230 million in aircraft parts and modifications. And during the quarter, we paid $725 million in debt maturities and amortizations, which includes $435 million in early retirement of debt. We ended 2011 with an adjusted net debt of $12.9 billion and we’ve now achieved over $4 billion of our $7 billion debt reduction target. And as a result of our debt reduction progress, our annual interest expense is roughly $300 million lower now as compared to 2009. And looking at March quarter liquidity, for the March quarter, we expect capital spending to be $450 million, and we have net debt maturities of $200 million in the first quarter, and we are forecasting an unrestricted liquidity to remain solid at $5.5 billion at the end of the March quarter. So in conclusion, 2011 was a challenging year in many respects. But in spite of that, we were able to deliver solid results and generate $1.2 billion in profit. We reduced our adjusted net debt to $12.9 billion, a $4.1 billion reduction in two years, and we generated a 9.1% return on invested capital. We enter 2012 as a stronger airline. And I’d like to thank the Delta team for their hard work and efforts, build a resilient and sustainable airline model, which is successful for our employees, our customers and our shareholders.
Hank Halter: Yes. Hi, Mike. Pension expense for 2012 will be about $400 million. It will run about $100 million a quarter, which is almost flat to 2011. I think we’re running about $85 million a quarter. And then in terms of funding for 2012, you can expect somewhere between $650 million and $675 million or so. And that is a bit up versus 2011.
Hank Halter: Yes. Josh, this is Hank. Some of the debt, you may recall, we repaid the MAC loan, and that was at the end of the fourth quarter. We also had some senior notes that we repaid. But as we think about the acceleration of the debt, we’re working towards that goal of $10 billion adjusted net debt. We look at what’s most advantageous from a cost perspective. And obviously we’ve got our scheduled amortizations and maturities, and then with the excess cash, we put it back on the balance sheet by continuing to reduce debt. And it’s working. We’re $300 million lower in interest expense this year versus where we were when we started the program, and we’ll continue being aggressive to pay the debt down as quickly as possible.
Richard Anderson: Strike two. You can ask, but we’re not going to make any comments on any of the speculation. So that’s no comment. And if you want to ask a question on our earnings and the quarter or what’s going on otherwise, we’d be glad to entertain that.Jamie Baker – JP Morgan Chase: Okay. Well, you can’t blame me for doing what I’m paid to do. I will turn it over to others because I thought you did a very thorough job with the guidance, good quarter. Thank you very much.
Richard Anderson: Well, we’ve done well in Latin America. We’ve (inaudible) the numbers and he can add to what I’m going to say. But if you look at the investments that we made last year in Aeromexico angle and the Aerolineas position that we have through SkyTeam and look at the positioning of the Atlanta hub and our position in Florida, it’s been a profitable operation for us and we have significant opportunity to grow organically.
Richard Anderson: This is Richard. On a system basis, our current forecast for February is down about 4.5% to 5.0% system.
Richard Anderson: I can take the last one, which is we are not considering any RFPs for regional feed at any of our hubs in the next few months.
Richard Anderson: I don’t think there is any appetite to address that in Congress. Number two, I believe through immunized joint ventures, the industry has found out the mechanism that allows us to organize transborder effectively.
Richard Anderson: Yes. Our cost will be up for the full year in the 2% to 4% range, which is consistent with what we talked about in the December Investor Day. The March quarter is particularly challenging because that’s the time of year where we’ve got the fewest ASMs. It’s seasonally – the capacity is down. We also had higher maintenance expenses in that quarter. And then as the year progresses, you see improvement. And then certainly by the fourth quarter, as we have our strategic initiatives continuing to be implemented, that will provide further benefit to us for the back half of the year and then that will take us into 2013 with additional benefit.
Richard Anderson: Yes. I suspect – I'm not familiar with the specifics of United, but I expect the differences in the deferred revenue accounting. Each airline has the specific values and that will impact comparability between carriers. While the treatment may be the same, it’s unique for carriers. So I think it is somewhat difficult to try to match up the specifics, one carrier versus another.
Richard Anderson: Our efficiency in the corporate, our productivity and efficiency at the merit or corporate level is double-digit over the last several years.
Richard Anderson: Well, I think our operational improvement is – we're clearly at the top in terms of customer service and operating performance and the Delta people has just done a phenomenal job. And I think that’s an important factor in having industry-leading RASM.Kelly Yamanouchi – Atlanta Journal Constitution: Okay, great. Thank you.
Glen Hauenstein: Dan, it’s Glen. Atlanta continues to lead the hubs in terms of its core profitability. And I think one of the things you have to look at is what’s the – what are trends in the industry. I think five years ago or 10 years ago, you had 50-seat regional jets that were flying 1,100, 1,200 1,500 miles, which somewhat diminished the pull, if you will, of the geographic historical hubs, which Atlanta is well positioned in Southeast and it is by far the largest market in Southeast. So I think when you look at the core profitability, when you look at the region it serves and when you look at the industry trends, which do not supply 50-seat RJs in unaccounted markets of over time, you’ll see that the hub’s geographic pull becomes more and more relevant over the next cycle. I think that’s why Atlanta is well positioned.Dan McKenzie – Rodman & Renshaw: Okay, thanks. I appreciate that, Glen.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, it’s big for New York. It’s not that big in terms of our total network, and it really is about 100 departures, which are moving from underperforming assets in other parts of the airline to New York where we think they have much higher potential over the short to medium-term. Initially, there are a lot of markets that we found in the period of April or May and the beginning part of June by both carriers, U.S. Air and Delta, and that would probably be not the optimal situation, but that’s the way (inaudible) transition the markets. And beyond that, when we get to the second phase, which is in July, we believe that it will be accretive from that point on. So a little bit of choppy orders during the transition in certain markets, but as soon as we get to July, we think that’s going to be (inaudible) that the transaction becomes very accretive. And remember, it’s only about less than 5% of our assets moving and they are moving from underperforming markets that they are in today.
Glen Hauenstein: Okay. Actually we’re very encouraged by both of those. And if you could think about Japan transpacific, that’s a very stable environment. We’re actually taking a little bit of capacity of ours. We put the flat-bed seats into their marketplace, which we think ultimately will be very accretive to the company. But the Japan transpacific has moved through the year since the events of 3/11 and continued to gain strength. The older flights, which are non-stop US gateway cities into Asian markets, are doing quite well. They are absorbing the capacity and they have high-single digit, low-double digit revenue increases. And then the third component is the Asian beach markets, and that would be the Japan to Hawaii and Micronesian island. And there continues to be very strong demand as the Japanese are timely recovered and as the yen exchange rate is very favorable and continues to remain very favorable.
Glen Hauenstein: I think if you look at our Latin versus our competitive set, we have a very different Latin America. It’s much larger gauge and it’s much longer length of haul. And so when you look about at other carriers that have 50-seat regional jets going to short haul, we don’t have that component. And so what we’ve been growing have been the longer haul into South America. So you had a little bit of length of haul in there. And I think from a profitability standpoint, we’re very, very excited about the Latin performance and the outlook moving forward. And while we continue to strive to improve all of our sectors, we’re pleased with (inaudible) but we do think there’s more in 2012.Glenn Engel – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks very much.
Glen Hauenstein: I think that’s a very good question, and I think that is where we see a lot of our upside opportunity as we move through 2012 and beyond. Historically, we haven’t had the position that we will have in New York. And I think if you look at the government data that was just released for last quarter, for the first time in Delta’s history, it was really a neck and neck rates between Continental and Delta. And that’s pre-united merger and pre-LaGuardia transaction. So you really have two carriers operating in the New York space. One is Continental primarily based in New York and one is Delta primarily based in LaGuardia in Kennedy. And we think that is very synergistic that we will be able to capture the business traveler who wants to use LaGuardia in and out when they are doing business meetings with them when their travel takes them outside their perimeter for the long haul and for the international and they will use us on Kennedy. So that is the one area of our network that does not command a premium, but it definitely has continued to be reduced, and we think that the upsides of our P&L is just getting to parity in the short run and getting to a premium over time.
Glen Hauenstein: This is Glen. The leader side seems very strong as well. We’ve got a lot of traction eliminating some of the lowest fares that were unattractive in the marketplace as demand continues to show strength. And so we’ve seen very robust increase in leisure deal, and that bodes well as we move into peak summer.
Glen Hauenstein: The booking windows, we are booked ahead in total aggregate and we get up to March and beyond what we are seeing is primarily leisure. And we are ahead in all sectors as of today.
Glen Hauenstein: Ray, this is Glen. We do show the taxes separately today. And we distribute our product to a lot of different venues. So how the customer ultimately sees them depends on how that venue displays them. But true of all, all of the channels that we control whether or not it’s our reservations agents or whether or not it’s our online purchase, the taxes are broken down.
Glen Hauenstein: Kelly, this is Glen. Could you repeat the –?Kelly Yamanouchi – Atlanta Journal Constitution: I’m interested in why the unit revenues in Atlanta had particularly good improvements. I think you mentioned Atlanta and Minneapolis.
Glen Hauenstein: Right. Kelly, in the last quarter or so, the unit revenues that (inaudible) continue. I would say the reason why Atlanta is doing so well is the Delta people. The Delta people are doing a great job (inaudible) coming through the record-breaking performance.
Glen Hauenstein: I think that the customer has really become used to Chapter 11 in the US airline industry unfortunately. And so we did not see any immediate shift in travel patterns that would fall under that kind of filing.Mary Jane Credeur – Bloomberg News: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Glen Hauenstein: We actually see good demand across all of the regions we operate in. And corporate demand, in particular, is good as is leisure demand. So even though there is some concern about Europe, we’ve taken pretty dramatic steps to reduce capacity in those markets and right-sized our capacity to demand. And so we’ve seen good RASM performance in all of our –Asia, domestic, Latin and the Atlantic, and we see those trends continuing into the first quarter of 2012.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I think, one, we have good equilibrium of capacity to fuel price to demand. So those are the three important factors. And second, around the world, even though there is difficulty in Europe, the economic outlook while that – the 4% to 5% range that you usually have in the US after the downturn of 2008, we are seeing solid GDP performance in all the other regions of the world.
Glen Hauenstein: Sure. This is Glen Hauenstein. And we have had a lot of success in the reshaping of the Memphis hub. New York revenues are outpacing the domestic US industry at this point, not dramatically but substantially. And so we’re very pleased with the impact that we had in terms of our profit performance on a year-over-year basis. It’s still not where we needed to be. And so we will continue with it to adjust capacity in the future as we need to. But I think generally we are in the vicinity of where we need Memphis to be in order for us to generate profits.Wayne Risher – The Commercial Appeal: Okay. Thank you very much.
Ed Bastian: And the other – this is Ed, Bill. The other thing to consider is that we’ll put a little bit of incremental cost pressure in the current year as we build that capacity footprint out to LaGuardia.
Ed Bastian: Bill, if you’re trying to get our views on what Americans do, we just simply can’t comment on that. For Delta, we had a very specific set of circumstances. We did – you're right. We did cut substantially the domestic network. A lot of it as coming out of the regional, the regional space, and we grew our international footprint going back over that time.
Ed Bastian: Certainly, yes, the merger continues to play a very important role in the product and the opportunities we offer our corporate accounts. We’re seeing a – certainly in New York we’re seeing a very substantial improvement in the share we’ve been picking up, being able to bring some new Latin partners to the table and the Latin footprint is helping as well. So we – back a couple of years ago, when we did the merger, we talked about the revenue synergies, and I think we’re all waiting for them to materialize. I know you guys were. And I think this past year we certainly have seen them show up.
Ed Bastian: I think the scale and the product and the technology and candidly the service of our people are making a very big difference in the marketplace and having a lot of impact.
Ed Bastian: Kevin, this is Ed. I think we’re clearly at a midpoint in the cycle. If you look at the strength we’ve had over the last couple of years has helped pace what the industry broadly has seen and I think that contributed a lot of that to our merger. It’s hard to say what the future is. You’re looking at a pretty dim view in the Euro zone in a recessionary outlook, yet our transatlantic corporate revenues because of the capacity discipline we’ve implemented had been pretty strong and the corporate base really hasn’t shown much weakness on the European side. So it’s clearly driven by the big US corporate as compared to the global corporates. And I think we have a pretty solid outlook for 2012. The GBTHs came out recently with their travel survey and they are expecting the corporate space to increase another 5% to 7% again this year. And I think that’s consistent with what we’re seeing though I think our number is probably a little bit higher given the some of the market (inaudible).
Ed Bastian: Hunter, this is Ed. Yes, we certainly would look at the pension plan as one place where we would make some incremental investments if we had that cash flow flexibility. We do believe we’re on track for the $10 billion by 2013. And as you can appreciate, beyond 2013, we expect that net debt level to continue to decline as well. So it’s not going to be a stagnant number.
Ed Bastian: We certainly don’t think that our frequent flyer plan is any less revenue producing than any other carrier out there.
Ed Bastian: Ray, this is Ed. We’ve got ways to go before they are fully funded. So I – that's – obviously one of the things that’s been causing the liability to grow is the continued reduction in the discount rates. So, over time, as we do expect interest rates to eventually start to inflate a bit, you’re going to see that liability also start to decline. So that – you should factor that into your calculus also.
Ed Bastian: Darren, we don’t provide our monthly forward guidance, that level of detail international versus domestic.
Ed Bastian: We gave a broad – international down 4% to 6% for the quarter. And we’re not going to comment in on any other speculation at any of our regional suppliers.
Ned Walker: Okay. Hey, thanks very much, Jill. And Katie, if you could go ahead and go through the process for queuing up for the questions for the media. And also with the media, if you could have one question and a quick follow-up, we should be able to accommodate mostly everyone.
Ned Walker: And can I – Katie, if you could check one of mikes, it sounds like somebody is breathing heavily in –
Ned Walker: Okay. Thank you very much. I’d like to thank everybody for joining us on the call. That concludes the December quarter call. We’ll see everybody in April when we do the March quarter. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
