Glen Hauenstein: Well, we are very excited about the potential for business -- increased business demand with the tax cuts. We haven’t seen that materialize yet but we expect that to materialize in the first quarter and our guide does not have that, because we can’t see it yet. So the fare levels have stabilized and started to improve. But fare levels are only a few percentage points higher than they were in the trough. So, I think, there’s a lot of opportunity moving forward as demand continues to improve.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. Clearly, internationally, we’ve seen fuel surcharge increases due to the higher level of fuel and we expect that to continue if fuel stabilizes at this or higher level.
Glen Hauenstein: So our business plan is predicated on 6.5%, 7% total revenue growth or passenger unit -- passenger growth and that equates to a 2% to 3% capacity increase and around a 3.8%, right around 4% unit revenue. So we’re kind of treading at the rate that we need to get to generate that revenue throughout the year. And so we feel pretty good about where we sit today versus what we need to achieve to get to the business plan, which is very different than where we were last year when we started the plan, because if you remember, we were in negative territory last year when we had the same call, the fourth quarter call and we had to move that to positive momentum, but that was a much heavier lift than really just playing out what we had and as you go through the year then just keeping that baseline moving. So I think we feel a little bit better, not that it’s not challenging, not that there won’t be a lot of things we don’t expect between now and December of next year and we know that. But we feel a little bit better about the line of sight to getting from where we are to where we need to be versus last year and turning from a negative unit revenue growth to positive.
Glen Hauenstein: We don’t anticipate that being a significant issue. As you mentioned, the Airbus-Bombardier deal we’re supportive of and we think that will enhance the ability for the C Series to come to market. With respect to further supplier consolidation within the OEMs, we have conversations with all those OEMs and we are certain that we set expectations around performance for them, and ensure that Delta is not harmed from any of that, and we’ve received their commitments that this is actually only going to enhance their service levels to Delta, not put us in a competitive disadvantage.
Glen Hauenstein: The big up-gauge that we’ve got here in the next couple years is the retirement of the MD80s. We still have over 100 of those that we’re flying and we’ll be retiring them over the next -- by 2020 and bringing those all up to the 321s and 739s, as well as some MD90s as well. So that’s where the bulk of the up-gauge is.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I think when you read all the headlines about the synchronized global economic expansion, that’s kind of what we’re seeing manifesting itself. So we’ve seen not only an uptick in the average realized fare of business travel in the international entities but we’ve also seen an increase in core demand there as well. And so I think that when you think about how the U.S. is probably still growing and still accelerating growth, and when you think about Europe, when you think about the economies in the Pacific, it gives you a lot of confidence that as we move through the year, this is going to continue to improve and our advances would substantiate that. So we have a little bit more visibility on international, because it books earlier than domestic generally and so those two combinations give us a pretty good confidence level that it’s accelerating rather than decelerating.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I am bullish about international for this year, not the least of which, which I didn’t mention in the earlier question -- answer is that foreign exchange becomes a tailwind this year. And we’ve been fighting two or three years of arriving dollar and so now having that also running in our favor is also another great tailwind for international.
Glen Hauenstein: The answer to your first question is, no. We are not using Tax Reform to pay tariffs and subsidies. We have no intent to pay any tariffs on the C Series. And the second question is again, given that we are not seeing a cash benefit in the next couple of years from Tax Reform given that we have NOLs, there’s no cash to go buy incremental shares with.
Glen Hauenstein: … with the Korean authorities together with Korean Air. We anticipate receiving authority sometime hopefully in the first half of this year, is what our Korean counsel tells us.
Paul Jacobson: Yeah. Yeah. Sorry about that. We haven’t changed the full year guide. It’s obviously very early in the year. I would say we’re slightly ahead of what our expectations were for 2018 in terms of the rapid pace of the price appreciation. But we have a long way to go and we know that, that is volatile, but we did assume the forward curve as we always do. But we feel okay about where it is right now, but we’re obviously watching it closely.
Paul Jacobson: No. That all - all the changes in value there flow through equity, so it doesn’t -- the ownership itself doesn’t have an impact on the P&L.
Paul Jacobson: No. Hey, Mike. Just to clarify -- yeah, I am sorry, operator. Mike, just to clarify that, no, it runs through the balance sheet, it does not run through non-op because it’s not publicly traded.
Paul Jacobson: No. Jamie, thanks for the question. There’s no change. I think the -- as I’ve said, I am relieved to be able to say the legacy losses are behind us and we feel good about where we are competitively…
Paul Jacobson: …especially the work that we’ve put into the supply side of it, both harvesting the benefits of the refinery, but also looking across self-supply at multiple stations and feel good about where our position is and I think the industry is at a parity level on fuel input costs that it hasn’t seen in quite some time.
Paul Jacobson: Well, it was a number of things, but I think it also bears mentioning that as a result of our investment grade balance sheet. We have done an initiative with the supply chain to go out and work proactively with our vendors to extend some of our payment terms and do other things to drive working capital in the business. So we were focusing on that very consciously.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, Hunter. This is Paul. So, yeah, as we talked about at Investor Day, we don’t expect materially year-over-year changes from revenue recognition on the full year basis.
Paul Jacobson: That’s right, Darryl. We obviously are not going to see any cash savings in 2018 from Tax Reform since we weren’t anticipating paying any taxes and we still don’t anticipate paying taxes in ‘18. But as we become a taxpayer between ‘19 and ‘20, the reduced level of taxes that we ordinarily would pay, one of the sources for those proceeds would be to continue to fund and hopefully get as close to a fully-funded status in pension over the next several years as possible. So that to me would be high on the priority list.
Paul Jacobson: So, Savi, good morning. We don’t give into the capacity by region on that detailed level. But on the JV benefits, we’re seeing some of that building in now, you see it coming through both on the revenue lines with the sharing, but also inherent in the Delta P&L with the synergies that we get from the network. There’s a ramp-up period, obviously, as we work through those issues. But I think the international team has done a terrific job and we’ll start seeing those -- some of those benefits in 2018.
Paul Jacobson: So, on the refinery, so 2018 is a turnaround year. We’re currently expecting to have a similar year, but obviously, it’s still very early in the year. But we’ll have some down period especially towards the back end of 2018, but we expect a small contribution from it this quarter based on where cracks are and continue to provide that kind of $0.02 to $0.03 benefit quarter-by-quarter when it’s running.
Paul Jacobson: Yeah. Well, I think, we expect some good year-over-year performance from our partners going forward, not just from the synergies, but from their own appreciation. We’ve spoken a lot about the improvement in the economic environment in Latin America in particular as it relates to GOL and to Aeromexico. So they’re a contributing piece to it. But, I think, overall as we look at the year going forward, as Ed mentioned, it’s too early to hit the panic button on fuel prices. The revenue environment has a lot of momentum headed in the right direction. We feel good about where we can hit from the cost side. So it’s a driver, but I think at the end of the day it really comes down to our ability to execute on the plan and continue to watch those external variables.
Paul Jacobson: Your first question, Susan, yes, $1 is the current ballpark estimate on the value -- the benefit of the Tax Reform that we have rolled into the EPS. With respect to your second question, we are having very productive conversations with Georgia Power, as well as with the airport authority here in Atlanta and the City of Atlanta about, number one, making certain that we learn from the experience. We all persevered in December and ensure that never happens again and putting in the right design and structure, both in the short and long-term to protect our power source with respect to any compensation. It cost us around $40 million and we’ll have the conversations at the appropriate time with those parties.
Ed Bastian: Hunter, this is Ed. I’ll take that. I mean, it’s really premature to be speculating how 2018 is going to be rolling out. We feel optimistic given the guide and our commitment to getting our non-fuel costs back to flat with zero to 2%, but you’ve heard me say before, my expectation is closer to zero than 2%. And the demand environment is the healthiest we have seen in years. And so, I think fuel is a little bit of a wild card there. We’ll see how that plays out. It seems like the market has gotten overheated over the last few months. We’ll see where that settles out. But we feel pretty confident that the -- it’s roughly a 20% to 30% bump year-over-year on EPS is our best look and I wouldn’t get into how do you manage some of the levers, it’s way too early.
Ed Bastian: Well, our ability to push down fuel volatility is, I think, that’s a little outside our control. We do our best to manage the fuel environment that’s in front of us. I think the biggest thing we have going in our favor in 2018 is a strong economy with a lot of optimism. We’ve got a significant list of commercial initiatives that are coming to fruition. We have a strong international environment, which we haven’t seen in a number of years. So that’s the main focus in terms of being able to recover and recapture fuel. Historically, the industry has always managed spikes in fuel by offsetting reductions in capacity. I think it’s premature and early yet to start to adjust our 2018 capacity plans. But we will look as the next few months unfold, as fuel prices continue on this tear, it certainly will have an impact and we’ll be prepared to deal with that going forward, we know how to do that well. But I think the economy is the biggest benefit and I think that’s the lever we’ll be using to manage the fuel environment.
Ed Bastian: Joe, this is Ed. I’ll take that. I -- yeah, I think, there’s potential upside too. I’d say again, we got close to $1 billion to go to get there yet and we’re having good success, and we’ve got a great partner at AMEX who is fully committed to that trajectory as well. So we’ll see over the next several years. But it’s safe to say from when we did the deal a couple of years ago we’re running ahead of expectations.
Ed Bastian: Well, Jack, we have no intent to compete away the tax savings. We will certainly use the tax savings to reinvest in the business to strengthen the balance sheet. I mentioned pension is one of the things that we’re focused on. But the core of your question is right. There’s very little cash tax being paid by the U.S. airline industry at this moment. So it’s hard to compete away something you don’t have. I won’t comment on the other airlines giving away cash bonuses to their employees. That’s great for the employees and I am glad to see that. We have a sustainable profit sharing plan over the long-term that has been far superior to any cash bonuses that any of the others have given out and that’s how we pay our employees. So I understand the question. I understand the concern. But it’s pretty hard to compete what you don’t have.
Ed Bastian: And not just that Helane, as you know, we’ve been shrinking the fleet at the regionals, which has also contributed to that. If you think about the mix of where our fleet evolution, we had I believe almost 800 regional jets at one point in time and we’re down less than half of that now. So it’s not only growing the gauge at the mainline, but reducing the reliance of the regional fleet.
Ed Bastian: We do, Helane, as you know we take our operational integrity incredibly important, it’s at the core of what we deliver to our customers, as well as to our employees and to the extent the Northeast corridor continues to be problematic with respect to delays. We take that into account. It’s hard to predict at some level when the storms occur. But we work very closely with air traffic control and with all of our partners out there to ensure that we’re getting the very best intel, transparency and through-put as we can. But it’s a challenging environment. It will stay challenging for everybody up there for a period of time.
Ed Bastian: I think it’s also fair to say, Rajeev, that the domestic business should certainly receive a benefit as consumers start to see lower paycheck deductions in terms of lower tax rates as corporations start to invest further to take advantage of the benefits U.S. corporations that the Tax Reform facilitates. I think it’s fair to say that domestic should receive at least as much a benefit as international.
Ed Bastian: Dan, this is Ed. If I could weigh in for a moment, we as an industry have demonstrated our ability to cover higher fuel prices. Don’t forget we were profitable with fuel well over $100 a barrel. And I think over the medium-term, if the new level is at $70, the industry will adjust reasonably quickly to that level. I don’t know if that’s three months or six months or nine months. But over time we don’t adjust our capacity or start making short-term decisions based on where the fuel numbers hit on a week-over-week basis. So we’re optimistic, we’re confident, we’ve got all the levers within our control, the most important of which are the best employees and the best customer service in the business that’s going to really cover fuel forever or us.
Ed Bastian: We don’t think basic economy, as we’ve stated in the past, is a huge driver of the ancillary products and as a matter of fact, the three that we track, it is the smallest contributor to the incremental revenue base. But we do see, as we continue to roll it out internationally, that there are significant benefits and as we move into selling and from selling into flying in the transatlantic, our lowest fares will now have baggage fees attached to them and that’s really a first for U.S. carrier in the transatlantic market. And so we’re looking for that to drive some incremental revenues and really to be very competitive similar to how we are competitive with the ULCCs domestically, a great tool for us to be more competitive in terms of the fare itself with the ULCCs and the transatlantic. And we’re very optimistic about how that will play out in the Consumer segment that we need to be and although, that’s not where we’re making our big investments.
Ed Bastian: David, this is Ed. What Glen was talking about is we don’t -- we haven’t yet seen the evidence that there’s going to be stimulated travel demand given that it’s so early with the law just coming out over the last couple of weeks. But we at the same time are optimistic that the law will help us deliver on our revenue guide, and we do anticipate and we do have factored in our revenue expectations for the year seeing improvements from Tax Reform. The second part of your question that was around competing away the tax benefits, I believe or not seeing the cash.
Ed Bastian: Yeah. I mean, the law in addition to providing a stronger economic outlook for our consumers, it’s going to provide a much stronger economic outlook for Delta. We expect the benefit will probably be about $800 million a year at our current earnings level. We are not a cash tax payer today, but we will be a cash tax payer in the next couple of years and so you’ll see that value ramp as we work off the last remaining NOLs that we have. So it will be a significant benefit for Delta and our owners.
Ed Bastian: Well, we’re waiting to hear the results of the International Trades Council that is scheduled to rule before the end of January. So I’d say, it’s -- I can’t really respond fully to your question, Michael, until we hear the results in which Boeing was expected to be able to prove harm. So I don’t know what the actual tariff will be, if there is any at all and once we know what that is, then we will set our plans accordingly. With respect to incremental impacts that we are already experiencing, yes, we do know that we will not be taking the C Series according to the current schedule, which we’d be taking delivery this spring. And to that end we have had to invest in maintaining some aircraft, particularly MD88s to keep them around a little bit longer than we were otherwise anticipating.
Ed Bastian: Kelly, this is Ed. $40 million was the rough impact of the outage and $20 million was the rough impact from the winter storm.
Ed Bastian: On the -- no, it was in the Southeast, as you recall. But the Atlanta hub, obviously, took the biggest impact. We -- if we had 1,200 cancellations, most of which were in Atlanta that day.
Ned Walker: Hey. Thanks, Jill. Ebony, we’re ready for the media Q&A. Would you please review the process for the media to go ahead as a question. Also for the media, we’d request that you limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. That way we should be able to accommodate most of your questions. Go ahead, Ebony, please.
Ned Walker: And actually, Ebony, we’re going to take a question from one more and that’s from our local hometown newspaper, Kelly Yamanouchi.
Ned Walker: Hey. Thanks, Ed, Glen, Paul and Peter. That concludes the December Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. We’ll talk again in April. Thanks, everyone. We appreciate it.
