Jill Greer: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on our September quarter call. Joining us from Atlanta today are our CEO, Ed Bastian; our President, Glen Hauenstein; and our CFO, Paul Jacobson. The entire leadership team is here in the room for the Q&A session. Ed will open the call and give an overview of Delta's financial performance, Glen will then address the revenue environment, and Paul will conclude with a review of our cost performance and cash flow. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted and you can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Ed.
Jill Greer: If you flew – if the customer travels in Delta One First Class, Delta Premium Select, or Comfort+, then it will be in that business cabin and premium product line.
Jill Greer: Well, that is going to wrap up the analyst portion of the call and I will now turn over to Ned Walker, our Chief Communications Officer.
Edward Bastian: Well, Duane, I think we've been pretty articulate about why we put basic economy in the marketplace years ago as the industry was being commoditized at the low-end and we didn't really have a product that competed on a like-for-like basis with Spirit or Frontier. I think that was a necessary thing we needed to put in the marketplace and as many people have written, ours was the most humane of all of those as we didn't try to charge for overhead baggage. But really for the commoditized sector, we had something that was well above what they were competing in the OTAs and in the low-end spectrum. And that's when we also started to think about well, what did people want to buy from us that we weren't supplying and that's where we devised these superior products and services and brought them to market. And I think when – what we get really excited about is we still believe we're in the early innings on this. They are still not as easy as they need to be to buy; they're still not available in all channels with all forms of currency. And over the next years not only will we be expanding those products and services, but we'll make them be easier to buy for our customers and we think that will continue to fuel growth in those sectors.
Edward Bastian: Sure, Jamie. Obviously FedEx has the ability to surcharge for fuel, which we do not. So, that's a fundamental difference and we've talked about that in the past, whether that ever becomes an opportunity, I don't know, but that's a regulatory issue not an industry-specific matter that we can control ourselves. I think it's a little bit of everything you mentioned. I'm not – I don't know what the other airlines are going to report this quarter in terms of their pace of recapture relative to the improvement at Delta, I can tell you it's a number of things. Certainly the health of the business in terms of the brand and service reliability is strong and it gives us the pricing platform. You can only price where you have demand for your product and we have greater demand than ever at Delta. We had our busiest travel quarter in our history and that certainly has given us an ability to make sure we can cover the cost of fuel. I think part of it is the work we've done on the non-fuel side to be able to have zero non-fuel cost growth in productivity, the benefits of upgauging are meaningful, and that certainly helped us real time in terms of that recapture. Technology certainly is a point, the focus on premium product and business travel. Our corporate volumes are up double digits in terms of revenue year-on-year that that's been helpful. So, I think it's a combination of all of the above. It's an interesting question, are we hedged? Is that having an impact on it or not? I don't know, haven't thought too much about that. But certainly it does create across the board of everybody's got the same incentive to make certain that we all are covering costs real time. So probably on the margin, that's helping as well.
Edward Bastian: Hunter, this is Ed. I think one other thing that obviously is playing a role as we look to next year is the improvements we're seeing from the One Delta initiatives. We started to gain some real traction as the year progressed here in 2018 and you see that in the numbers and that's on top of the traditional network changes, upgauging, or the products that we've talked about in the past. And I think that number next year is going to be in the incremental hundreds of million of dollars over 2018.
Edward Bastian: Hi Helane, this is Ed. We are obviously working with the Governor as we do with the Port Authority to figure out the long-term strategy at JFK. Right now, I think it's premature. A vision's been laid out. There's a long way to go between taking that vision and some of the initial commitments to actual documentation and deals. Our goal is to unify Terminal 4. So the T2 facility will eventually be brought into Terminal 4 and we'll be building out some additional capacity for Terminal 4, which we're excited by. We don't have that in place with the port yet. We've been talking about that with them for the last couple of years and I support the Governor's vision, creating a more unified version. One of the big challenges at JFK as you appreciate is the alliances are generally not in the same airport facilities as the home carriers and I think over time hopefully, that will get resettled.
Edward Bastian: Not meaningfully. A little bit of that's in there. We are anticipating that that build-out is not going to be a substantial amount.
Edward Bastian: I don't have any inside intelligence if that's what you're asking me, Helane, I think we all have a vested interest in making certain our access to the UK market remains unfettered and I don't anticipate it's going to be a meaningful issue for us.
Edward Bastian: I think what we could tell you is that the load factors – the SAT load factors in these cabins are relatively good. We've gone from selling about 13% of the first class for example when we started selling first class to now selling about 60% of the cabin. The rest is available for upgrades. Comfort+ runs a load factor in the high 60s now based on stage. And then Premium Select, which is our newest product and is only available on a minimal number of flights, but we're going to bring that to all of our long haul internationals over the next few years, is off to an amazing start. We're selling about 85% of those seats.
Edward Bastian: Yes. That's what we're excited about in the future is the ability to control your travel and upgrade however you want to with whatever currency you want to use. So you want to – if your company buys you a coach ticket and you want to sit in the Premium Select cabin, we'll have an offer for you that would be 17,000 miles for you or it’s a $170 in cash. So those kinds of offers are really where we're trying to go with all of that in making it simpler to buy or easier to buy and allowing you to buy it however you'd like to pay for it.
Edward Bastian: Some are available now, some are available – generally cash is available now, dollars. Mileage will be available in the fourth quarter, but what we're really trying to get to is mileage on mobile, which will be early in 2019.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. We're pretty excited about the current trends in domestic. December is going to be a bit of a challenge because we have a very long period this year between Thanksgiving and Christmas, but we're certain that will become a business period as we get closer to it. But the core trends on business demand and the yields on business demand are in a very good place as we exit this year and head into 2019.
Glen Hauenstein: No. I think at the end of the day what we're trying to do is accelerate the usage of these products and services. And as we indicated previously, we are growing those cabins through the upgauge. And as we exit the MD-80s and as we bring on a 321 to substitute it, we generate 20% more premium seats. So the answer is that clearly it comes through different line items, but the revenue is real whether or not you pay with cash or whether or not you pay with mileage. And that's one of the things that we're really excited about is being able to let you do that on your app on the way to the airport. And it doesn't matter to us how it comes through the P&L because it's real revenue either way and what we need to do is continue to have your affinity grow there. And I think when you think about the ecosystem of the frequent flyer program, we want to give you more ways to burn your miles and control your experience, and that's really the key of where we want to take this in the next couple of years is be able to buy what you want from us and be able to supply it to you. And as these things fill up, there's nothing keeping us from making more seats in those cabins because they are the higher margin pieces of our equation.
Glen Hauenstein: So let me answer the first question is it's the entire amount, so the whole $400 would go because it's where you sat in the cabin.
Glen Hauenstein: Right. And we'll try and classify the loyalty by cabin as well because we will – Jill is looking at me like I'm crazy. But we can figure out how to do that by the time we bring all that online.
Glen Hauenstein: I think if you look at the history the last time fuel rolled over, we were still hedged. So I think that the real opportunity is if fuel does moderate without a hedge here that we would be able to have a lot of that flow to the bottom line. That's what happened last time, it took a long time in the wind up and it took a long time in the wind down. So, I would expect that it is very sticky on the way down.
Glen Hauenstein: Clearly that's been one of our advantages and Steve and the sales team have done an amazing job getting a lot of the premium products incorporated into the sales agreements that we have today. But we're really only scratching the surface there and we've got a long way to go. That gives us a lot of hope that we will continue to be able to improve there. The other thing is since these are relatively new products as you pointed out. They were pretty coarse in the beginning in terms of our sophistication in marketing to people or ascribing differential in prices based on length of haul or competitive markets. And so now that's what we're really focused on today is to provide much more granularity in terms of that actual upsell rate that will indicate the true value that customers are receiving. So for example on a long haul Transcon flight, it might be $100 each way for an upgrade to Comfort+, well worth that money. But on a short haul competitive market, it may be $5 or $10. And that's generating a higher average upsell rate because we're able to really tailor the offering to what the market is.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, Jack, we really haven't seen any meaningful impact. We're watching it as everyone is. Our Pacific based revenues and China specifically have done quite well in the quarter especially given some of the added capacity that we had put into the market with our recent launch of Atlanta-Shanghai doing well within our range of expectation. So we haven't seen it.
Glen Hauenstein: I think that's a great question. We clearly see the impacts of a stronger dollar on the international arena and I think one of the changes that you'll see as we move toward 2019 is a reemphasis of U.S. point of origin travel over foreign point of origin travels as we reorient our network even further. The recent devaluation of the Chinese currency as well as the Brazilian currency all have an impact on us and so it tends – we tend to then favor places with high point of sale U.S. as opposed to places where there's higher foreign point of sale and that's I think something we'll be talking about at Investor Day.
Glen Hauenstein: As far as the regions go, I think from what we see now, we're sitting kind of at the bottom as we speak in terms of the Latin to look better than where we've seen in the last few weeks. So I think we're not calling the bottom of the trough, but I think we will start to see growth in Latin over the next couple of months and positioned well into 2019. The Pacific remains strong despite all the rhetoric that Ed just talked about. It's core demand to and from and particularly in the business cabin is very strong. And then Atlantic we're facing some more FX volatility, but the core demand in the Transatlantic remains incredibly strong and we're looking for RASM through the winter to be quite positive despite the fact that there is a lot of capacity in the Transatlantic this winter and as we've talked about it.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, we don't speculate on the upcoming pricing or fare environment. I can tell you that the economy is healthy, demand is very healthy for the Delta product and to the extent oil prices were to continue to rise, we expect to be able to pass along the cost of that.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, we have not. We don't sell an incredible amount of basic economy because most of our customer base chooses when they're presented with what those are and the modest amounts to sellup into Main Cabin or even better products, choose to sellup into the Main Cabin. So, it's a very small percentage of our total sales and we haven't seen a change in that with Americans new policy.
Glen Hauenstein: We are growing Detroit. As a matter of fact, we have significant growth in Detroit. We're adding new markets, I believe in November we added Detroit to San Jose and last year we added Detroit to Santa Ana. And so we're trying to make our schedules more relevant to people in Detroit to places people in Detroit want to go, focusing on the top 50 cities that people in Detroit want to go. And to the extent that we are not making money into regional cities, we're rationalizing that capacity out of the network in some of those cities. If you look at the number of people who went from Detroit to Peoria on any given day, it was probably less than 10 and there are alternatives in the region. So streamlining, making the network more efficient, and providing the people in Detroit with places they want to go and we're very excited. Ed last month announced the new services from Detroit to Honolulu. And so we are growing Detroit and we're really committed to Detroit and we're excited about 2019 because there's going to be quite a bit more service into Detroit.
Paul Jacobson: Sure, Mike. Good morning and thanks for the question. So as we've talked about before, every 50 basis points increase in rates on the pension lowers our liability by about $1.2 billion and that's been a good source of traction for us over the last couple of years especially as we have – we overfunded the pension plan last year with $3 billion of contributions. And then secondly, that interest rate appreciation is actually a very good thing for us in the aggregate because when you look at our P&L, we are actually less than 10% floating rate exposure on a net basis when you take into account cash and the other floating liabilities. So we're in fine shape for higher interest rates and in fact we're a net beneficiary of them.
Paul Jacobson: Sure. Thanks, Hunter. I probably used the wrong word there in terms of overfunded, funded above our minimum contribution.
Paul Jacobson: But the plan is, as we know, still underfunded overall. Our long-term strategy, the $500 million that we've earmarked next year as well as the $500 million that we've earmarked in 2020 has all been consistent with the expectations of a higher interest rate margin – environment over time, which gets us well above that 80% funded target. And as we've disclosed at prior Investor Days et cetera, couple of hundred basis points gets us much closer to being fully funded on that pension plan. So that remains part of our strategy and we'll continue to evaluate that as we see the rate environment continue to move.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. So contributions to an underfunded pension plan are immediately deductible for tax, so it actually does extend our NOL marginally.
Paul Jacobson: It can be different. I think you answered your own question to some extent that it depends where the capacity is being added or taken out, upgauging effects that et cetera. So, I think there isn't really a rule of thumb. As we continue to look through our 2019 planning process, as I've mentioned before, we've got increased confidence about our ability to deliver sub-2% CASM next year and we feel good about those estimates.
Paul Jacobson: Well, I think the – as Ed mentioned, the opportunities sit in One Delta, they sit in the general productivity initiatives that we challenge ourselves to achieve every year. Keep in mind there's a little bit of wage pressure next year with a regular increase for the pilots on January 1 as well as lapping the increase that Ed mentioned on this call for the October 1 for the ground and flight attendant. So, those pressures are present every single year and as we work through those in our planning cycle, we can provide more detail at Investor Day.
Paul Jacobson: Well, good morning, Dan. I think as we talked about it, we're not pursuing any hedging and think that we're in a very good position. I think it's important to note that as we've demonstrated this year, our ability to recover fuel costs in the businesses has accelerated over the past and that's the number one front line from that standpoint. And I think what we've proven here or what we're in the midst of proving is the durability in the business model to be able to absorb that. We've been successful in high oil price environments; we've been successful in low oil price environments. Where it gets a little bit tricky and what you've seen this year is in the volatility, when that moves quickly in one direction or the other. So, I think we continue to believe that we're on the right trajectory without hedging. Certainly, the refinery helps us as does our integrated fuel strategy in which we continue to deliver results that are materially better than the industry average to the tune of $0.07 to $0.10 per gallon.
Paul Jacobson: Well, good morning Savi. Thanks for the question. As we've talked about over the years with the Trainer strategy, we've talked often about finding a strategic partnership to take some of the products that we don't need, particularly the gasoline and the diesel, and get us to – keep us focused on jet fuel and allow us to harness all the benefits while still operating that plant. So with the turnaround coming up, it was a good opportunity to start that process. I won't comment on the process itself, but we continue to work through that. As it relates to IMO 2020, we spent a lot of time talking about it internally and I think the speculation is out there both that it could affect higher crude prices, but the preponderance seems to be that we would expect to see higher jet cracks. That's bad for the airlines, but less bad for an airline that owns a refinery because we produce about 30% to 40% of the refinery's production in diesel and jet fuel that can help offset any increases in jet. So, we would expect that it would continue to help our relative advantage and look forward to continuing to see the benefits of Trainer in the years to come.
Paul Jacobson: Well, thanks for that, Jack. We're generally expecting to see higher cracks especially as we get to the back half of 2019 and we'll be modeling accordingly based on – depending on where crude ends up as we go through our planning prices. But as a general rule, we tend to plan conservatively on fuel. That's tough when fuel prices are up $2 billion year-over-year, but we still expect that cracks are going to be higher especially as we go to the back half of next year. What there's more uncertainty about is what the crude environment looks like in 2019.
Paul Jacobson: Sure, Rajeev. I think our CapEx strategy of continuing to reinvest 50% of our operating cash flow back into the business is still intact. Obviously we'll be higher than that this year, but given the receptivity of fuel price recapture and what we've been able to do for the P&L, we didn't want to whipsaw the organization and make any short-term adjustments to what we saw as a temporary challenge in the business. So, we're going to continue to march along that path and feel good about the guidance that we've given. The stepup that we talked about today really represents just a different financing decision for the same capital and that will save us tens of millions of dollars a year.
Paul Jacobson: We typically don't give that kind of kind of disclosure. Overall, our unit revenues were up 4% in the quarter and much of that was the pricing effect.
Paul Jacobson: Well, Kelly, this is Paul. I think we are applauding the administration's efforts to help streamline the renewable fuel standards and improve the market trading of RINs. We have seen a significant benefit in the lower cost of RINs compliance for the refinery this year and applaud the efforts to try to find a solution.
Paul Jacobson: No, it doesn't. Like I said, we realized a nice benefit in the lower RINs cost and the refinery is performing well.
