Jill Sullivan Greer: Thanks, Kellian. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us for our September quarter call. Speaking on the call today will be Richard Anderson, Delta's CEO; Ed Bastian, our President; and Paul Jacobson our Chief Financial Officer. Richard will open the call and then Ed will address our financial and revenue performance, and Paul will conclude with a review of cost performance and cash flow. We have the entire leadership team here with us in the room for the Q&A session. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted, you can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at delta.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to Richard.
Jill Sullivan Greer: Thanks, everyone. Before I move to the Q&A, I just want to take a minute and remind everybody about our December Investor Day. We will have more details out shortly, but for now please mark your calendars for December 11th. So Kellian, if we could have the instructions as to how to ask the questions.
Jill Sullivan Greer: That is going to conclude the analyst portion of the call. Before we turn it over to the media portion, I do want to say that there were a sizeable number of analysts that didn’t get on the call. And we will follow-up with each of you directly offline. And with that, I will hand it over to Kevin Shinkle.
Richard Anderson: Sure, good morning Duane. For 2015, we are hovering around 30% to 40% hedged at current levels. We’ve got significant downside participation even from these levels down. But we managed the book day-to-day basis, so that can change overtime, but we feel very good about where we’re positioned for 2015. You have to remember for mark-to-market we do not use FAS 133. So for other carriers and comparisons those changes go straight to equity. But those are largely non-cash for this quarter, the bulk of it was the reversal of prior gains in the hedge book and that’s what has positioned us. So it tends to be a little bit noisy during these times but it doesn’t represent necessarily cash losses.
Richard Anderson: I think you would look at basic economy, as we want to be best in class in every sector we reserve and if you think about airlines we don’t -- we are so large in terms of domestic capacity that we don’t get the choice to really be high-end brand, a medium brand and a lower brand. So, we have to create those brands within the master brand and when we compete against Spirit of course or other ultra low cost carriers we always want to have the best product competing against us. And so the products that we’re introducing in basic economy you get the reliability of Delta, you get all the operation excellence of Delta, but you don’t get some of the amenities that you don’t need. And if you need those amenities you can add them on later. So, I think what we want to have is an airline that’s best in class for each consumer sector and basic economy is one of the things that will enable us to do that.
Richard Anderson: Well, we do need to go back to our Board and our Board is quite focused on two things which is one return on invested capital and keeping that number high, and number two driving continued improvement in the returns to our shareholder. We expected our Investor Day to be in a position to update our investors because it is an incredibly accretive to the company to buyback our stock at these multiples. So, as Paul reiterated we’re well ahead of where we said we would be last May and you can expect that we would continue that kind of trajectory particularly given the tremendous value that we can create for our owners by buying back our stock at these prices.
Richard Anderson: Well, remember that a big network and that there were opportunities over Amsterdam and all of our flights ran really full. So we had Glen talked about a little extra capacity in September it happened to be at the perfect time because we absorbed an enormous amount of that and actually had a pretty nice uplift in revenue.
Richard Anderson: Glen we’re looking at obviously pressure on the yen. I think for the fourth quarter that number is in the $25 million to $30 million range of FX exposure.
Richard Anderson: And Glenn on your second question, our formula here at Delta works pretty well. As evidenced by the performance, our performance over the last several years and particularly in this quarter. So, we’re very careful about changing anything in that mix given our success.
Richard Anderson: We’ve already made our wage increase announcement. We did it as part of our early profit sharing payout.
Richard Anderson: This is, Richard, yes. We’re still working diligently on evaluating both the Airbus and Boeing option. They both have very strong viable options, as do the engine manufacturers Rolls-Royce and GE. And we are in the midst of a very heated competition to see which of those will bring to the table the best economics for our owners. Remarkably right now, it’s an interesting development in the wide-body market because there is so many orders out there the used market is really heating up and the pricing for 10 year-old wide-bodies is about 30% of what you’d otherwise pay. So it’s going to be a very interesting process because the most important thing about this for us is not operating cost its ownership costs and I think that’s how candidly the whole industry are focused on ownership cost.
Richard Anderson: No, we’re relatively short tailed because -- and the problem with big airplane orders is escalation clauses and PDPs. You don’t want to get way out in front of an order or you end up giving up all the competitive economics of the fly off. So we tend to build long-term models that put pretty high fuel prices in because I don’t think, if you take the last 10 years of fuel prices in the industry, there has been a lot of variability but the line has been an upward sloping line. And so we have used very conservative assumptions when we build our financial models to determine what to buy. So from that standpoint, we aren’t going to change our price per gallon assumption over the next 30 years as a result of the short-term changes in crude prices.
Richard Anderson: I think this is a great question and I think what we continue to do is discover the network and find underperforming assets and try and move them up the scale. And so really to go back to the previous question and would say, what really happened in Seattle and Los Angeles, we increased capacity significantly on a year-over-year basis and margins in both those hubs increased at the same time. So what we were doing was trying to find the worst assets across the whole network wherever they were and redeploy them into better revenue potential opportunities. And that was really a key contributor to the improvement and the profitability of the airline. So, I understand the criticism, I understand the uncertainty of it, but the business continues to evolve and it continues to evolve as a consolidation of the four major carriers continues. And I think in Los Angeles we’ve had four large carriers that’s just the way it's going to be, in Seattle you have two large carriers that’s the way it's going to be.
Richard Anderson: Thanks, John. You heard the, in the guidance we also said we expect our international capacity next year to be flat. So, I think that clearly addresses the question you’ve raised with respect to some of the international economic concerns. Pacific where we’re having clearly the most highest level of capacity concentration coming primarily from Foreign flags we’re in the midst of a pretty significant restructuring of that capacity offering. And we said Pacific will be down in the high single-digits. Next year in Europe the majority of our capacity adds we’re thinking will primarily be in London, which is producing significant returns as part of the Virgin JV and I think the bulk of the overall system-wide capacity add next year is going to be in the domestic system and it is going to be reflective of the upgauging initiatives that we’re doing as both margin accretive and very incredibly cost efficient.
Richard Anderson: And John, last one as I’d like to add to that as obviously we’re speculating we have got a long ways to go here and these deployment decisions. Our current thinking but as we get into the year, we also have the ability to make alterations on a relatively quick timeframe given the capital efficiency of our fleet.
Richard Anderson: I agree with that we are going to update you at the December Investor Day, the fleet count will be down next year. But we’ll give you the ins and outs because you are right there, so moving pieces to that picture.
Richard Anderson: I think that we have a lot of new initiatives which we’ll be talking about in the marketplace over the next two to three months, probably give you an update at Investor Day. But we’re extremely excited about being able to allow customers to really customize their travel experience on Delta.
Richard Anderson: Tom I think you answered a lot of your question, we gave you our best view as we’re seeing today. I think the strength of the ford environment and the domestic system is where the bulk of our upside opportunity sits.
Richard Anderson: Let me just answer it generally. We can’t speak on behalf of the industry, we can only speak on behalf of Delta and that’s all we will speak on behalf of. But when you think about where fuel prices are today versus where they were just a few weeks ago, it’s in excess of a $1 billion of cost of goods sold improvement. So overall the fuel price reductions we’ve seen in the marketplace are a huge opportunity going forward.
Richard Anderson: Well, I mean that -- as we said, we’ll update our 2015 capacity plan for Delta only at the December Investor Day. But just broadly, we’re driven by profitability and return on invested capital. And what that means is that we make fleet planning decisions we include ownership costs and we include ownership costs even in our short-term planning. So, the bottom-line is we want that 19% return on invested capital on a consistent basis and in order for us to do that we’ve got to be very adroit at deploying our capital to make sure we get a return or the maximum return every quarter.
Richard Anderson: Well, I think Dr. Frieden was very clear in stating that the CDC made a mistake. I think what’s worth noting is you really can’t catch Ebola on an airplane. And the screening techniques that the governments put in place are going to detect folks coming from the risk areas in Africa in advance of entering United States. So, I think that Dr. Frieden has done a good job answering that question.
Glen Hauenstein: Our growth in Europe this year was really in September as one of the issues that I think our investors need to understand that for the last few years we’ve been doing modification lines on our airplanes whether or not it’s satellite TVs or whether or not it’s flatbed seats those modification lines continue to need and by 2014 and 2015 it’s really about getting better asset utilization on the existing asset base. And so to the extent that we can see extending some of the U.S. point of origin markets beyond August into September, and early October, we will continue to do that. And that’s where really most of our growth has come from new markets or upgauge it comes from really using the existing asset base slightly better. As mostly for those markets U.S. point of origin destination travel.
Glen Hauenstein: On the pension side Glenn I think we’re looking at a potential balance sheet adjustment of around $1 billion which is comparable slightly less than what we took back last year. That’s not going to have a material effect on pension expense next year with our funding strategy and the other changes.
Glen Hauenstein: Look, I mean think you’re in an area that is in some respect it’s not appropriate for an earnings call. But I will just say this, look at our results I don’t think there is a more disciplined approach to the deployment of capital in this industry anywhere in the world and we’ll continue to make the right unilateral decisions and we appreciate that you have a different opinion.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning Mike. Thanks for the question. What this sell off has been a very brand driven sell off where cracks tend to lag that and I think when you compound that with some of the supply delivery issues in the Northeast some refineries have come offline putting temporary pressure on those crack spreads. We are running near full capacity and expect to do so for most of the quarter. So I think when you combine it with temporary shutdowns with some of the supply disruptions that put a little bit of pressure on cracks.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Julie. Well, heading into 2015 as we’re developing our operating plan right now, we still have the benefit of further increases in operating leverages as we continue to re-fleet and upgauge the airline, so that’s providing a lot of tailwind. We do have some cost pressures in 2015 but we have those every year. So we feel confident about our ability to keep it below 2% again next year.
Paul Jacobson: Hi, Linda, this is Paul Jacobson. We, that was guidance for the fourth quarter, so we produced a $19 million profit in the third quarter and we anticipate approximately a $20 million profit for the fourth quarter, the team up there is doing a fabulous job of running the plant and they’re keeping it up and operational.
