Jill Greer: Thanks, Kelly Ann. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our June quarter call. Joining us from Atlanta today are Richard Anderson, Delta's CEO; our President, Ed Bastian; and our CFO, Paul Jacobson. We also have the entire leadership team here in the room with us for the Q&A session. Richard will open the call, Ed will then address our financial and revenue performance, and Paul will conclude with a review of cost performance and cash flow. [Operator Instructions] Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted, and you can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at delta.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to Richard.
Jill Greer: Great. Thanks, Richard, Ed and Paul. Kelly Ann, we're now ready for questions from the analysts. Would you please review the process for asking a question? [Operator Instructions]
Jill Greer: Thanks, Bob. Kelly Ann, that's going to wrap up the analyst portion of the call. And I'm going to turn it over to Ned Walker for the media section.
Edward H. Bastian: All right. John, it's Ed. You're right, September is historically a fairly volatile month. I wouldn't say that we have a undue level of conservatism in the guidance or the forecast we provide you. But it is a month that's a little bit choppy. We have the holiday period, particularly in New York, that shifts the calendar around a bit. I'd say what we're seeing for September is very, very early and is very preliminary. It's encouraging. But the only guidance we can really give you with any concrete specificity is what we've said for July and August.
Edward H. Bastian: I think we've made the decisions we're going to take. So I think over the course of this year, you'll see some of that revenue decline. And then we're going to look, going forward, to selectively build back that operation.
Edward H. Bastian: Well, we'll be -- Jamie, this is Ed. We'll be reporting our 49% ownership stake in the -- on a net basis. We haven't decided relative to what additional disclosure we've been making. As you know, Virgin is a privately held company, but we'll provide good transparency relative to Delta, the benefits we see from the relationship, both on the ownership level, as well as on the JV.
Edward H. Bastian: We had some of our best margins on a combined basis with our JV partners that we've ever seen in the trans-Atlantic.
Edward H. Bastian: Yes, I think -- this is Ed, Savi. I think the volatility of RINs makes it pretty difficult to forecast a full term view looking at Trainer in isolation. But there's no question that this has served to be a great hedge on our overall jet fuel cost. And that's really what Delta looks at, our overall jet fuel cost. And with that, we've been quite pleased.
Edward H. Bastian: And to follow on what Richard was saying, Dan, this is that we're looking at a January 1 start date for the JV. That's our current expectation. And relative to revenues going forward, the Virgin revenues will stay within the Virgin financials. We won't have Virgin's revenue stream in the Delta consolidated revenue picture because we own less than -- less than 50% of that entity. The benefits from the JV will flow on the -- that flows to the Delta level [ph] will certainly show some improvements on our Heathrow numbers. And we'll also record the -- our net 49% of the Virgin earnings in our -- as a net line item within our P&L.
Edward H. Bastian: Helane, this is Ed. You'd really need to go Aeromexico for that. We're really not at liberty to talk about their plans on our call.
Edward H. Bastian: You did a good job of answering your own question there, Mary Jane. Obviously, our growth in New York has contributed a lot to the strength we're seeing domestically. We've done well here in Atlanta. I'd say on an industry profile, technology, manufacturing has picked up in terms of our corporate revenues from our manufacturing base has been strong as high single digits. And -- but the overwhelming lion's share of the improvement is coming from the financial services and the banking sector.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, I think if you look at the history of our capacity management at Delta, we've always been pretty conservative, and that we have not changed our attack. I think as you look out, you can always expect that we will be conservative and well under in terms of capacity versus where GDP is. In the fall, we begin a pretty significant restructuring of the fleet, and the upgauging strategy commences. I think Ed commented or Paul commented on the significant number of 50-seaters that we have coming out of the fleet. And so the upgauging strategy will actually result in our having fewer airplanes over time in the total fleet. It's just our gauge is going to be up a bit. But that shouldn't be mistaken for any change in philosophy about how we manage capacity here. And I would just -- the last point I'd make is we have -- we still have a significant number of depreciated airplanes in our fleet. And so the marginal capacity is really easy for us to reduce pretty promptly in response to any conditions in the marketplace. So bottom line is, we are very focused on being certain that we're expanding margins, and capacity will continue to be one of the important levers in doing that.
Richard H. Anderson: Glenn, we -- I just want to add on the trans-Atlantic. We were very pleased with our second quarter performance across [ph] the trans-Atlantic. So I agree with Glen. I think it's more of a function of some out-of-period adjustments. Some of the other periods may have had either in the prior year comps or in the current quarter as compared to Delta's performance. Our performance was very strong in the second quarter.
Richard H. Anderson: I don't have the regional headcount at furloughs [ph]. We can read that offline, and we can get back to you -- call you with this regional.
Richard H. Anderson: Let me talk to the DOT process, and then Ed could go to the specifics. Our application for antitrust immunity with DOT was filed back in April. There were no oppositions filed by any other party. And we expect to get approval for antitrust immunity, which will be the basis of the JV, by the end of the summer. So that's proceeding apace. There have been no objections. And if you saw the approvals that we got from the DOJ and EU on the share acquisition, I think that really signaled the fact that from a regulatory perspective, it's very positive for consumers. So we don't expect any issues with respect to antitrust immunity application.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, there's corporate share gains continue in our current quarter, as well as in our forward outlook. 8% growth is -- most of that is organic growth. We are continuing to pick up new accounts and new business as compared to the market growing at an 8% level. So we -- I don't think that I see any signs of slowing down relative to momentum. It's clearly choppy. So you've got some industries, such as our defense industry and the transportation industries that are actually down year-over-year, given what's going on in the their economies. We've seen great growth coming in the financial services and the banking sector. Technology in the current quarter is up double-digit gains. So we continue to be very, very encouraged by what we're hearing from our corporate travel managers, and it's a product in the operation. There are people providing us the real -- just the real story here.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, I think, overall, it's going well. The -- we have very specific data from our customers about the experience through our email survey program, and then the use of that information to tailor our service and to tailor our operation, to be able to continue to improve customer satisfaction scores. And overall, the scores for the new facility are up significantly. I think the main challenge and candidly, I must say I think it's an embarrassment to our government that as much as we, as an industry, pay into customs and border patrol, that we have issues at not just JFK, but at Newark, at Chicago, at Los Angeles, where we cannot seem to get our government to perform the very basic service. And those of us that travel extensively around the world and go to countries like Japan and China and Europe, customs is a breeze. And in the U.S., despite all the investment that we make as an industry, we collect a fee from every passenger. We cannot get the kinds of levels of support that if we are going to grow our economy in the U.S., travel and tourism is an important part of that equation, and it's one that needs to be fixed. And that we're pursuing every avenue in Washington and in Congress to get this problem solved. The answer shouldn't be to outsource JFK to Abu Dhabi.
Richard H. Anderson: The A4A is incredibly focused on it. Nick Calio is focused on it. We've actually gotten some appropriation language in Congress to increase the funding. And I think we -- the whole industry is -- has supported those efforts over the years. I participated in a Secretary of Commerce task force a couple of years ago that gave a whole series of recommendations in this regard to the Executive branch. And so far, we've -- our government's failed to provide the level of service that we should be providing if we want to see the third most important industry in the U.S., travel and tourism, continue to grow and contribute to a growing GDP.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, I think the guidance that we've already given in the press release is as deep as we go in terms of forward-guidance.
Richard H. Anderson: Kelly, we don't break our margins out by specific route. I think suffice it to say that the employees at Delta are doing such a phenomenal job delivering great service to people in Atlanta that we see our gains across the board.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, I mean, we just stick to the capacity guidance that we've given in terms on a system level. And that's the extent of the capacity guidance that we give going forward.
Richard H. Anderson: Karen, I'd say the revenue environment is really solid. We mentioned that our summer bookings are strong, our unit revenues are up 3% in July, and we expect a similar performance for August. So I'd say everything we're seeing in the revenue environment is solid and quite stable.
Paul A. Jacobson: Mike, when we talked about the additional opportunities for putting money into the pension plan, we're really beginning in 2014 and beyond. Hopefully, we believe that completes our contributions for the year.
Paul A. Jacobson: We estimate that the change in the pension liability, as a result of the discount rate changes, is probably $1.5 billion to $2 billion lower than it was at year end.
Paul A. Jacobson: Jamie, we're not giving any guidance on the RINs. As you know, they've been incredibly volatile. [indiscernible] as much as 50x from the beginning of the year. We don't want to speculate where they're going to end up at the end of the quarter.
Paul A. Jacobson: Savi, it's Paul. We -- part of the Trainer performance, and when you look at the breakeven performance, is driven by the lower jet cracks that you've seen. This is and always has been a bit of a hedge against jet cracks as well. I think as we look at the WTI to Brent convergence that we've seen, we are still actively pursuing Bakken opportunities that we believe has a sizable opportunity compared to the import of the West African grades into the East Coast. So we do believe longer term that we can hit the profit objectives of the refinery overall. But we -- there's still a forward-view on gas cracks and the overall refining margin. Depending on what RINs do and crack spreads, we could see our way to breakeven performance for the year.
Paul A. Jacobson: Hunter, our expectations are built into that fuel price guidance, including our expectations of the hedge performance and the refinery for the third quarter. We can work with you on your model to figure out where some of your questions might be. But all of our expectations are built into that fuel guidance that we gave.
Paul A. Jacobson: Hunter, the P&L for pension is set based on a full year basis at the beginning of the year. So any changes in the discount rate or interest rates would effect in 2014 and beyond.
Paul A. Jacobson: Duane, it's Paul. We don't give specific guidance as to the strike prices. I'd say we're generally about 60% hedged at current levels. And like we said earlier, we expect some hedge gains in the third quarter. Our level of hedge gains in the third quarter, Duane, are -- today's level is about $40 million net of premium, just to give you an indication.
Paul A. Jacobson: Certainly. It's Paul. There are really 2 pieces to the engine maintenance strategy going forward. One, we have taken advantage of significant part-out opportunities. As we mentioned in our last quarter call, CapEx opportunities to acquire older airplanes and harvest them for parts has provided significant savings for us going forward in terms of a lower cost basis for the overhauls that we have. And secondly, as we talked about a part of our structural cost initiatives, we expect substantial savings as we -- we're basically no longer doing any engine maintenance on 50-seat engines for the foreseeable future as part of that retirement strategy.
Paul A. Jacobson: Let me try to address it in a much -- we don't usually break down our specific P&L expense by engine type. But take it up a level and if you think about CapEx and what's required according to what the OEMs say, typically, the OEMs want a carrier to carry somewhere between 11%, 12%, 13% of spare engines versus what's installed. So if you had -- the OEM model is -- if you have 100 engines, they would expect you to own 112 engines. At Delta, because of part-out buying airplanes on the marketplace, our engine overhaul facility's turn times and cycle times, we have a target of a 5% spare ratio. So our goal is to continue to drive down the work in process and the investment, the overall investment in tech ops, parts and capital. And so it's a series of used equipment, PMA authority, cycle times in the engine shops are the best in the world now at Delta. And what that all results in is a significant reduction in the amount of spare engines versus the OEM model.
Paul A. Jacobson: Mary Jane, this is Paul. When we announced the transaction, we said we have entered into 3-year deals with ConocoPhillips and BP around the refinery. We're not going to comment on any specific contractual provisions in our relationship between them.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Mike, it's Glen. I think everything you just mentioned is going on in Atlanta. It's no surprise, and it's public information that our competitor continues to retrench in Atlanta. They're going to be down around 150 departures by the end of this year. Certainly, that's improved competitive environment for us here in Atlanta, as well as optimizing through the upgauge and through the reduction of our reliance on 50-seat equipment, which is first starting in Atlanta, primarily focused initially in Atlanta because of the flexibility we have here in terms of demand.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Well, I think that each carrier has a different competitive environment they'll be facing in a consolidated industry. I think we're very excited about what we're facing with the integration of Southwest and AirTran. As that continues to move forward, [indiscernible] I guess somewhere around the first part of '15 is what they've announced. And the integration of American and US Air, we think all of that benefits the relative strength of us in the Southeast. And that's a very good tell [ph] of how we put ourselves in that region of the country. In New York, I think we feel very confident with the slots that we have in New York and the fact that we have a leading slot portfolio in New York, that we will continue to be -- will outpace the industry as we continue to improve our products and services in the New York City area. And on Detroit and Minneapolis, have been very, very steady over the past few years. We don't see any change to that and great profits in there for us. So as we look around our network, I think we're very excited about what the integration of other carriers will present to us in terms of opportunities. And that may not be the case for all of them. You'd have to ask them.
Glen W. Hauenstein: We have a great relationship with our partner at Alaska Airlines. And we're so confident in it that we're continuing to build on our long-haul operations out of Seattle. And just yesterday, we announced that we would initiate nonstop service in conjunction with both Alaska and Virgin, between Seattle and Heathrow. And I think that really goes to the core of our confidence in our relationship with them, is that we're willing to continue to build our long-haul operations in Seattle where we see opportunities.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Oh. Well, I think we've been very transparent that our Narita hub is really a great asset for Delta, and it will continue to be a great asset for Delta. But it is challenged by the environment that's around at the opening of Haneda. So I don't think we can count on that being our only way to get to Asia over the next decade or 2. So we've been proactively managing diversification of our Pacific portfolio over the last years, and we continue to do that. Not that Narita isn't an important destination, not that it isn't an important part of our network, but I don't think we should solely rely on that as that's really got some external factors that we may have to face at some point in time. So right now, we're flying about 50% of our trans-Pacific is not touching Narita. And you can consider that, that would be the opportunity for us to continue to grow in Asia, not to shrink Narita necessarily, but to grow the rest of Asia.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Quite honestly, given the fact that we don't report the hedge in the A4A data, I was surprised that given our reliance on Japan and the standpoint of sale, that our numbers went up in the Pacific. I think you have to ask other carriers why our numbers went up, really, given the fact that they're relying on the yen. And in the trans-Atlantic, we're dissecting that. We know that there were some out of periods on settlements, and we're trying to work with the A4A to clear that up so that it's easier for you and for us to understand, because we believe that the joint venture settlement should not be in the A4A results. They should be separate. We report ours separately. And I think we're working to get to some consensus so we can better understand how that works moving forward.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Yes, regional capacity has been down, but we'll be -- we don't give typically that level of guidance dissected.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Well, we started to retire 50-seat equipment, and we're accelerating that as we get to the third and fourth quarter. That will -- the continuation, we will continue to have reductions in regional equipment. That is mostly being replaced by existing equipment. But as we get into the third and fourth quarters, we begin to take deliveries of the 717s. The 717s will start to replace a lot of the 76-seaters, which will replace the 50-seaters. So think of it as kind of a reverse cascade in terms of gauge. And as Richard mentioned and Ed mentioned, the actual fleet number despite -- will be down about 2% despite the fact that capacity is up 2%. And that will not only provide a better product for our customers, but some cost relief or cost assistance as the gauge continues to increase.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Yes, Bob, it's Glen. It's really related to a significant upgauge as we take out 50-seaters and rely more heavily on 76-seaters. The margins actually expand. And as you know, when you buy the airplanes for long term, we're not buying them for day 1. But the fact that we were able to upgauge the regional fleet and achieve margin expansion, I think it's a testament to we're on the right path.
Glen W. Hauenstein: I think we're very excited about business travel. We're very excited about core demand, enthusiastic about it. Of course, there is a correlation to fuel, right? And when fuel goes up, airline ticket prices have do go up as well. And as fuel came down, airline ticket prices on the margins would go down a bit. But that had really nothing to do with core demand and margins expanded. So I wouldn't really correlate that -- those small yield declines to any kind of yield core deterioration in the long term.
Glen W. Hauenstein: I don't think we want to. It's a margin, Dave, so it's not an oil price to -- and that's what I think the industry's been able to achieve. And I think that's why we think it's a pretty good environment right now.
