Julie Stewart: Thank you, Matthew. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our March quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining us from Atlanta today are: CEO, Ed Bastian; our President, Glen Hauenstein; and our CFO, Dan Janki. Ed will open the call with an overview of Delta's performance and strategy, and Glen will provide an update on the revenue environment, Dan will discuss costs and our balance sheet. After the prepared remarks, we'll take analyst questions. We ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up, so we can get to as many of you as possible. And after the analyst Q&A, we'll move to our media questions. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and all results exclude special items, unless otherwise noted. You can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Ed.
Julie Stewart: Thanks, Dan. Matthew, can you please remind the analysts how to queue up for questions and go to our first analyst question from Duane Pfennigwerth.
Julie Stewart: Thanks, Steve. That will wrap up the analyst portion of the call. I'll now turn it over to Tim Mapes to start the media questions.
Glen Hauenstein: Thank you, Ed, and good morning. I want to start by thanking our employees for providing the best service and reliability in the industry to our customers every single day. 2024 is off to a great start and we're delivering on our commercial priorities to optimize our network, grow higher-margin revenue streams, and invest in our future. Revenue for the March quarter increased 6% year-over-year to a record $12.6 billion on capacity growth of 6.8%. This result is at the high-end of our initial guidance with upside driven by industry-leading operational performance and strength in close-in bookings. Since the start of the year, we've seen a sustained acceleration in business travel. Managed corporate travel sales grew 14% over the prior year, with Technology, Consumer Services and Financial Services leading that momentum. We delivered positive unit revenues in our two largest entities, domestic and transatlantic, reflecting the continued optimization of our network. Total unit revenue growth improved 3 points sequentially to down 0.7%, including nearly a one-point headwind from cargo and MRO. Domestic revenue grew 5% with record March quarter unit revenues, up 3% over the prior year. The more than 7 point improvement from 4Q to 1Q reflects strong demand trends improving industry backdrop. International revenues grew 12% on a unit revenue decline of 3% as unit revenue growth in the transatlantic was muted by capacity investments from the continued rebuild of our Latin and Pacific franchises. Diverse high-margin revenue streams generated 57% of total revenue, differentiating Delta and underpinning industry-leading financial performance. Premium revenue was up 10% over prior year, and we have runway ahead as we continue adding more premium seats to our aircraft, improving our retailing capabilities, and further segmenting our products. Total loyalty revenue grew 12% on continued strength in the American Express co-brand portfolio with record quarterly remuneration of $1.7 billion. Following the refreshed co-brand benefits, we saw our card applications reach new records as we are seeing the highest premium acquisitions mix in our program's history. Turning to our outlook, consumer demand is robust and premium trends remain strong. The outlook for corporate travel is positive. 90% of companies in our recent survey intend to maintain or increase travel volumes in 2Q, putting us back on track to deliver record corporate revenues in the back half of this year. For the June quarter, we expect revenue growth of 5% to 7% on capacity growth of 6% to 7%, with unit revenues flat to down 2% from last year's very strong performance. Similar to the March quarter, 2Q faces a headwind from the normalization of travel credits. Domestically, we expect unit revenues to be flattish over the prior year, with growth focused on restoring our core hubs where departures and seats are not yet fully restored. The final stage of our core hub restoration will be the full return of regional flying. Pilot hiring has stabilized, increasing the capacity we expect to fly over the summer. We expect progressive improvement through 2025, driving higher asset utilization and improving our profitability. In the transatlantic, we are looking forward to another strong summer with record revenues. 2Q unit revenues are expected to be similar to the last year as we lock record performance and benefit from the healthy demand for our premium cabins and improved corporate trends. In Latin America, profitability remains solid. Unit revenues are expected to be down double-digits due to pressure in shortfall leisure markets. These markets are expected to see healthy improvements in the second-half of the year as supply and demand comes back into balance. And while flying into deep South America, we are very pleased with the results. We are increasing capacity about 40% with minimal impact to unit revenues as we continue to deepen our ties with our JV partner LATAM. We expect Pacific unit revenues to be in line with the prior year on 30% growth in capacity, driven by a strong demand for Korea and Japan, offsetting lower unit revenues in China. Profitability is expected to set a record as we continue to harvest the benefits of our multi-year restructuring. In closing, I'm pleased with how we have started 2024. Delta is continuing to lead on all fronts, with industry-leading margins and returns highlighting the strength of our trusted brand and differentiated commercial strategy. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Dan to talk about the financials.
Glen Hauenstein: No, I'd just say we're seeing both. We're seeing some shorter and we're seeing some longer where people are blending the leisure trip with the business trip. So -- and generally, they are purchasing a little bit further out than they had and I think that's related to not having change fees any longer. So, we've seen some changes in the booking curve but really encouraged by what we see in terms of corporate bookings as we look forward through this quarter and as we look forward into the next couple of quarters.
Glen Hauenstein: I think we said in our previous that we faced headwinds in up to a couple of points. And I think we're not going to go into the details of that, but that's generally what we've disclosed in the past. Yes.
Glen Hauenstein: No, I think it's pretty -- first on the travel credit headwinds, it's consistent through the year. But what I would say is that we're ahead of our internal plan to get to flattish for the year and the comps get easier as we move through the year. And if you look at the back half of guidance as well as what people have loaded in their schedules, it looks like industry capacity is reaching a peak in 2Q. So, I think we see a great setup for the back half of this year and we're on plan or ahead of plan for where we sit right now.
Glen Hauenstein: That said, we are very excited as the sponsor of Team USA for the Paris Olympics and we'll get through it.
Glen Hauenstein: I think we're going to -- first of all, thanks to our operating teams who have given us such exceptional completion factors that accounted for even higher than we had planned for. So, I'd say if those continue, which I imagine they will or hope they will, that we would be at the high of the 3% to 5%. And I think it's a bit early to say, but I think that we will be right at that 5% depending on how the completion factor comes in.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, thanks for the question, Jamie. I think right now, we believe we are running international RASM premiums that are primarily been driven by higher load factors on the fleet. But as the fleet continues to evolve and we continue to put more premium seats in the mix, we believe that is one of the key drivers for us to continue to accelerate our relative performance to our industry peers. So, I think we're on a journey there and I think we are now generating premiums consistently and hopefully, we can accelerate those over the next several years as we execute on our plans to differentiate Delta.
Glen Hauenstein: I think in the quarter, we ran a record domestic load factor in the first quarter. So, what I believe drove that was the incremental traffic that we took over historical levels. So, pretty excited about doing that in the first quarter, as you know, the first quarter is the most challenging in terms of loads. And for us to come through that quarter with the premiums that we took, I think really is a testament to the strength of our brand. And of course, as we get through the year, there'll be less and less discounted seats available as you get towards peak, but generally, we're most open in 1Q. Yes.
Glen Hauenstein: Right. I think there -- what we've said in the past and I would like to go back to is, we kind of coming out of COVID, we had to allocate the resources that had -- we had available. And those resources went to our once-in-a-lifetime opportunities to take leading positions in places like Boston and Los Angeles at the expense of rebuilding our core hubs and we're still not done building our core hubs. And so, our ability now to go back and to put seats back into our core where our cost structure is most advantaged and where our profitability is highest is where we're focused for the rest of this year.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, we are really pleased with our South America performance. As I said in the prepared remarks, our capacity is up in the 30% to 40% range and we're doing that with minimal degradation of our unit revenue. So we're really off to a great start with LATAM and I think we have a really great future of working with them to continue to evolve as the leading carrier between the United States and South America in our joint venture. So, put that aside and then say the -- particularly, leisure destinations, there was an oversupply in the first quarter. I think in first quarter of '23, the industry saw historically higher returns. And so when there are historically high returns, everybody wants to do more of it. We did considerably more of it. The industry did considerably more of it. And listen, it was quite profitable for us, but at the expense of unit revenues. And so, as we move through next year, I'd say there's going to be probably a moderation of capacity as there always is when those things happen as well as easier comps as we get to next year. So, I'm looking forward to actually next year's comps in Latin America.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I think we're very pleased with our coastal gateways and really they're moving in a pretty tight band right now with more capacity going to our core hubs and our core hubs generally having a higher unit revenue base than our coastal gateways, that should have a positive inflection on total revenues. And I think that gets accelerated in the second and third quarters. Again, we had probably a little bit more in Boston than we had planned on because there were some opportunities there for us to move airplanes in. But generally, we're really pleased with where we sit today and how the back half of this year should play out for us.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I think we've said that, if you look at the longer-term trends, that we really haven't been adding coach seats into the domestic arena over the past 10 years. And so, all of our growth has been in the premium products and services. And I think on Investor Day, we're going to talk a little bit more about where we see that going, but I think we see a long runway for that in the coming years.
Glen Hauenstein: I think little of both. We've been very short on our regionals. We still have probably at least 50 regionals either not flying or underutilized, probably almost 100 when you include the underutilization. So, that's a lot of seats and a lot of departures that we need in our hubs and we're missing a lot of the core feed from the regional feed in the local vicinity. So, right now, some of that's being done by Mainline and those planes can gravitate out, but mostly we'll be adding frequencies back in that historically have been there from feeder markets into our core hubs.
Glen Hauenstein: No, I would hope so. If we look at our wide bodies, we're now at or above where we were in '19 in terms of annual utilization. And this is going to be a game of working with our operators to improve asset utilization across the network, whatever they are, planes, airports. And that's the game we're playing, that's the long game and I think that's been a really exciting challenge for us all.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I think what we said is that, what really pushed us to do this journey several years back was the fact that on the premium products and experiences side, we controlled more of our destiny than we did on the commodity side. And so absolutely, that's been our journey, is to continue to play the game against ourselves as opposed to playing against the lowest common denominator. And I think we'll have a lot again on our Investor Day to talk about what we see the next evolution. But we see a lot of runway -- not to tease it out, but we see a lot of runway in taking this even further and using new tools and using things that we'll be talking about in November that I think will be very exciting for our investor base.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I think that that's the holy grail is, why did we wind up in a commoditized environment was because we couldn't distribute products and services. We weren't -- the industry was not geared to this. And this has been our long journey. And every day, I think we get better and better and better at it, whether or not we're working internally to improve our own internal displays where we're 65% direct-to-consumer right now or whether we're working with online booking tools to improve their display of products and services and making progress on that front as well. So, this has been a very, very long journey and every day we're working on improving it.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. I think we still see opportunity. We've got -- a lot of the opportunities now are in our baseline and we'll continue to work with LATAM to refine that moving forward. But I don't think you'll see this kind of dramatic growth in the out years as we'll be more focused on turning that into more of a harvest mode as opposed to an investment mode as we continue to work on bridging the two networks together.
Dan Janki: Great. Thank you, Glen, and good morning to everyone. For the March quarter, we delivered pre-tax income of $380 million, an improvement of $163 million over last year. Earnings of $0.45 per share was at the upper end of our guidance as great operational performance and strong demand more than offset higher-than-expected fuel prices. Operational excellence is central to Delta's brand promise, and I couldn't be prouder of how our teams are delivering record reliability for our customers. A strong completion factor drove a 1 point of higher capacity and non-fuel unit cost favorability. Non-fuel CASM was 1.5% above last year and ahead of guidance. Fuel prices averaged $2.76 per gallon, $0.16 higher than the midpoint of our guidance range. The refinery provided a $0.05 benefit, generating a profit of $49 million. This was down $173 million from last year on more normalized refining margins. Fuel efficiency was 1.9% better than last year, benefiting from the continued renewal of our fleet and running a strong operation. Operating margin of 5.1% was a 0.5 point higher year-over-year. Our pre-tax margin improved over a point, benefiting from reduced interest, pension expense, and higher earnings from our equity investments. We generated free cash flow of $1.4 billion. This was after paying $1.4 billion in profit-sharing to our employees and investing $1.1 billion into the business. Debt reduction remains a top priority. Our leverage ratio improved to 2.9 times during the quarter. We repaid $700 million of debt, including $400 million of scheduled maturities and $300 million of additional debt initiatives. We expect to repay at least $4 billion of debt this year and continue to be opportunistic in accelerating debt reduction. We are currently investment-grade rated at Moody's and BB+ at both S&P and Fitch, with all agencies now on positive outlook following updates from Fitch and Moody's during the quarter. Moving to the June quarter guidance. Combined with our outlook for top-line growth, we expect an operating margin of 14% to 15% with earnings of $2.20 to $2.50 per share. Fuel prices are expected to be $2.70 to $2.90 per gallon, including a $0.10 contribution from the refinery. At the midpoint of this range, our all-in fuel price is expected to be over 10% higher than last year. Non-fuel unit costs are expected to be approximately 2% higher than last year, consistent with our full-year outlook of low-single-digit. Growth is normalizing, and we've entered a period of optimization with a focus on restoring our most profitable core hubs and delivering efficiency gains across the enterprise. The investments we made in fleet health and reliability in the second-half of 2023 are paying off, supporting industry-leading operational performance. As we discussed with you in January, these investments are expected to continue through 2024 as we complete an elevated volume of heavy airframe and engine checks, while managing through industry-wide supply chain constraints. The intensity of hiring and training has moderated. The teams have good momentum in delivering on our efficiency goals for the year. This will help fund the investment in our people, in our operations, and the customer experience that support our revenue premium. In closing, we continue to be confident in our full-year outlook of earnings of $6 to $7 per share and free cash flow of $3 billion to $4 billion. Our industry-leading operational and financial performance is a result of the hard work and dedication of the Delta people. I'd like to thank each of them for what they do every day. With that, I'll turn it back to Julie for Q&A.
Dan Janki: Well, maintenance is -- Duane, thank you. Maintenance is on plan and performing as we expected. As we talked to you at the beginning part of the year, maintenance we expect it to be up year-over-year $350 million. We expect that for the full-year, the first quarter was on plan, and the team is executing well. And those investments, as I mentioned, that we made in fleet health will continue as we go through this year, those proactive visits along touching the aircraft. You're seeing the impact. Cancellations from a maintenance perspective year-over-year were down 80% sequentially, they improved 30%. So team is doing a good job. They're on plan and as expected.
Dan Janki: Yes. On landing fees, when you look at it year-over-year, yes, they're up, volume, one; two related to the cut-in as it relates to our generational redevelopment projects, you're picking up some of that expense. And then I would say the third item, airports across the country in 2022 and 2023 benefited from Cares. And as those have now gone away, they're adjusting their rates and you're seeing that come through.
Dan Janki: Yes. I'd say two things. One is, as it relates to our third-party activity, it's just -- we're always -- we're constrained by what the industry is constrained by, which is material and ability to generate that output. And as we've talked about, our Tech Ops team, John, and the team are focused on the Delta fleet. So -- but I would say the constraint continues to be immaterial and turnaround times associated with it.
Dan Janki: Yes. Premium product while pace main cabin all the way as you look at our fleet deliveries through 2030.
Dan Janki: Yes. I think the 2% is in line with the low-single-digit. I think when you think about the variables inside of that run -- it starts with running a great operation. When you run a great operation, that sets the foundation. You get those frictional costs out and it really allows the operators and you're seeing it in two quarters in a row to have the confidence and really lean in and continue to drive not only better improvement in the operation but also get after those efficiencies. And as you do that, in a lot -- we said that we're carrying headcount higher than historical for what we ran in 2019, about 10%, and we'll grow into that and that drives the efficiency associated with that. And no change to maintenance. Maintenance is as we expected and -- but we'll continue to manage the supply chain. It's going to be the one that is -- has the largest constraint still associated with it as we execute through the year.
Dan Janki: Yes, we can. I think it is a unique advantage, that along with our fleet, our fleet has actually gotten younger over the last few years. But we've also given the constraints in the industry around the OEMs, have leaned into restore the network into our flex fleets. So, flying 80 717s, flying the 757s longer than we anticipated, and that puts demand on our TechOps teams, and their ability to ensure that we have those aircraft, that they're reliable, is -- really allows us to flex and be more nimble. And as we go through this period and it gets more normalized, we're in a period of more normalized growth and more consistency around equipment, it's also going to allow us to go into a period of more natural retirements. We haven't retired any aircraft in 2022 and 2023. We'll start that at the back half of this year and that's really where our team has always shined, the ability to naturally retire but then recoup that equipment and reuse that used material and run out the fleets and they did it with the MD-88s and 90s. They've done it for a decade and they have that history. And that's really what we have in front of us.
Ed Bastian: Duane, if I could add on to that, I want to congratulate the Tech Ops team, John Laughter, whose leadership over there in terms of helping to make that turn. We are seeing a renewed set of confidence back in the team. It's been a tough few years on the rebuild. Too early to declare victory. We know the supply chain continues to have a tremendous amount of constraint in it. But I'm confident that we're on a good journey. It's a good path here.
Ed Bastian: I have thoughts, some very -- yes, it has changed. And it's related to schools coming back in the South in particular earlier and earlier into August. As a matter of fact, here I believe schools in Georgia go back the first week of August now. And so, that has materially changed, I think over the years, making the second quarter stronger and making the third quarter a bit weaker. But I think we're -- as we think about how we plan that now, we're incorporating that into our capacity plans moving forward.
Ed Bastian: Well, thanks, Ravi. We're not in a position yet to make any comments or any decisions around that. We still have more debt than we're comfortable with and that continues to be the first call on cash to continue to take risk off the table. Interesting, I was looking at some numbers preparing for this call, if you look at our target for the end of this year and you factor in that we actually have eliminated the Pension H obligation, which we had at the end of 2019. We're actually pretty close to the leverage ratio we were at the end of 2019 entering the pandemic. So, we have made a lot of progress. That said, we'll be talking a bit about that at our Investor Day in November. And -- but the first call will be and will be for some time to pay down the debt. Yes.
Ed Bastian: Well, generally, the Olympics are not good for airline revenues, and this year I think is no exception to that. So, while we see a very favorable backdrop for Europe in its totality, there are some challenges for Paris as generally business travel ceases to and from the local markets as the Olympics approach. So, I wouldn't say that that's going to be a windfall. It's actually going to be a bit of a headwind for us in the numbers we shared with you.
Ed Bastian: And on American Express global acceptance rates, we worked very hard years back with American Express on improving the domestic acceptance rates and right now they're at all-time highs in terms of the number of merchants that you can use American Express at domestically and they are also doing that internationally. So, particularly places that we're strong and we work with them on prioritizing those places that Americans like to go for vacations.
Ed Bastian: Stephen, if I could add on the back end of Dan's comments, two things. In the first quarter, our overall mainline reliability and completion factor was the strongest first quarter in our history. And that's quite a statement given where we've been through and the supply-chain constraints that still exist and I attribute a lot of that to the maintenance team -- the TechOps team, having the product ready every day and responding to the opportunities that we see in front of us. So that's going to continue to be a positive green arrow forward as we move forward these next couple of years, as Dan was saying. Second thing is the MRO, while we've taken, I'd say, a pause given that we've had to focus our energies on our own fleet as compared to our customer's fleets. Going forward in the next couple of years, that's going to start turning back on again. And that growth rate that we've talked about is still there. It's just waiting for us. And I'm very, very excited as to what you talk about a five to 10-year timeline on that. That business is, I think is going to be -- our ability to capture that business is going to be even stronger than we were thinking pre-pandemic given what we've all been through. So, hats off to the TechOps team, a lot more work to go, but we are absolutely on the right path.
Ed Bastian: Hi, Leslie, it's Ed. With respect to weather, we certainly have had a nice run of weather broadly across our system, candidly, across our country. And that certainly has helped with respect to the overall operational performance. But what we like to do is neutralize for weather events and we see the performance of the airline weather-adjusted within our own system and we're outperforming our prior performance even weather-adjusted. So, the improved weather just adds nice icing to the cake, but the fundamental, the core is running at a much, much better clip. And as the communications, safety is job one at all times, every single day. We don't send out special messages around safety. We -- every day is Safety Day around here.
Peter Carter: Hey, Mike, it's Peter Carter. Thanks for the question. That was a tentative order. And I think, as you know, our strong view is, the DOT really struck out on that one. They're typically a great partner. But this was an example of regulatory overreach, which is why we've challenged it. It's bad for consumers. It's bad for competition. It's bad for the local economies that those flights have served. We are currently engaged with the administration and discussing, I'll say, less punitive solutions than the tentative order that was proposed. And I would say, we've had hundreds of our, I'll say, allies with respect to the connection between Mexico and America weigh in, in support of this joint venture. So, we think this is going to take some time before the DOT issues a final order, a number of months, but we're cautiously optimistic that they are going to come up with a better solution.
Peter Carter: Hey, Conor, this is Peter. So, just I'd say, fundamentally with the FAA, we're working very closely with them around staffing models, because as you know, there's an air traffic control shortage. And we're also engaged in Washington trying to help solve some of those, I'll say, more structural challenges around infrastructure. You probably have seen that the industry has made a request off the FAA to extend the New York Slot Waiver another season. And that's what I would call responsible partnership with our regulator in light of the staffing challenges they've had. So, a great relationship, deep partnership with them.
Peter Carter: So, Mary, thank you. It's Peter Carter. It does traditionally include the DC area. That's the way the FAA likes to view it. And we still have a shortage of ATC controllers. So, it's still an incredibly challenging environment.
Peter Carter: Well, we've had the waivers -- we've had the waivers in place. So of course, with those waivers, there would be improvement because there's less capacity in that marketplace. But absent the waiver, I think we'd have some -- as an industry, some real challenges in New York.
