Jill Greer: Thanks Alan. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us for our June quarter earnings call. Joining us today from Atlanta are CEO, Ed Bastian, our President, Glen Hauenstein and our CFO, Paul Jacobson. Our entire leadership team is also here in the room for the Q&A session. Ed will open the call and give an overview of Delta's financial performance. Glen will then address the revenue environment and Paul will conclude with a review of our cost performance and cash flow. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings. We will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted and you can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. With that, here's Ed.
Jill Greer: Alan, we are ready for the analyst Q&A section, if you could give the instructions for how to get into the queue.
Jill Greer: That's going to wrap up the analyst portion of the call. I will hand it over to our Chief Communications Officer, Ned Walker.
Paul Jacobson: Sure. As Glen mentioned in his comments, we are expecting $3.4 billion from our AmEx relationship this year, which is higher than our original expectation going into the year. The overwhelming majority of that appears in the other revenue line through both other revenue and then once the miles are redeemed for flying. There is some element of cost and we can walk you through separately on the detailed modeling exercise of that.
Paul Jacobson: Sure. Good morning Hunter, it's Paul. What we do is, we basically take all the revenue growth, subtract out the cost and then cover the difference in pretax margin as a function of what the fuel price is. So if you look at that, our pretax was down slightly under $200 million for the quarter on $600 million of fuel pressure.
Paul Jacobson: Yes. So Andrew, thanks for that. As we have talked about going back through Investor Day, we do expect that the refinery will be shut down in 4Q for its systematic turnaround effort. So that's a bigger drain on 4Q that is a disproportionate step down from what we have seen for the rest of the year.
Paul Jacobson: No. So Brandon, thanks for that question. The One Delta initiative stand on its own and it's all about improving processes and really an enterprisewide project for just performing better and more efficiently. That is over and above the fleet efficiency. So what we have said is, $1 billion from that program building over the next few years will keep us below 2% unit cost inflation and help us to drive towards the continued goals for the long-term.
Ed Bastian: Well, Jamie, you expressed a frustration I think many of us in this room and throughout the industry feel. Fundamentally, we believe in the thesis we need to continue to perform. I agree that I don't think we need to go through hard times to demonstrate that this model works. All you have to go back is through the hard times in 2009 at the bottom of the recession, ex a bad fuel hedge decision, Delta would have been profitable in 2009. And if you model us today, in any reasonable economic downturn, we are, I think, talking significantly profitable going forward. So we are going to continue to produce. We are going to continue to point investors to where the opportunities are. Certainly fuel prices have been weighing on the stock. One of the things, I think, is most important that we get back to margin expansion. When you think about the margins in this industry, they have declined now three years in a row. We need to stop that. We need to grow the margin and I am hoping, certainly by year-end, that we are starting to grow margins again and hopefully, with a little luck, maybe even in Q4.
Ed Bastian: We see very robust demand and continued strength into the third quarter and the early results for fall, as you know, transatlantic tends to book sooner than domestic. So we have a little bit more visibility into what we are seeing in the third quarter and beyond. And we feel really comfortable and this is a very, very strong environment for the transatlantic.
Ed Bastian: Business traffic, some things that are a little less obviously, I think, is we hear a lot about Brexit and we see all the rhetoric about Brexit, but business traffic to and from the U.K. on Delta and our partners is at record levels. Similarly in Continental Europe, we are seeing record revenues in terms of yields and in terms of traffic into Continental Europe. So it is a relatively robust business environment and very, very strong leisure demand. And I think when you think of how fuel weighs on the ultra low cost carriers in that marketplace, it tends to have more of an impact on them and their raising fares has translated into our ability to get higher fares for not only business but for leisure as well.
Ed Bastian: I think that's what we do every day here is, try and figure out where we want to position the airline's capacity and try and continue to optimize it. And we are working very hard. And I think the result in the second quarter saw again a step function improvement versus the general industry and our ability to go ahead and do that and that's a testament to the entire commercial team here at Delta who takes the great product that our people produce every day and takes the demand set for that and then tries continuingly to reoptimize it. And I think if you look at long-term trends, this will be yet another record for our system unit revenues versus the industry.
Ed Bastian: Hunter, we haven't given the 2019 guidance. We are not going to give it on this call, as you can appreciate. I think our fleet is expected to grow by about 80 aircraft next year. In total the gross new aircraft we are taking, most of those will be replacement aircraft. But we haven't decided what the net growth position of the airline will be.
Ed Bastian: Well, Brandon, I can't speak to the industry at large. I can only speak to Delta. What we are trying to do is deliver a premium product that customers prefer. It's driving our net promoter scores. It's driving an outperformance within the industry. It's top line, not just growth for growth sake, but growth for premium sake as well. And get back to margin stabilization and expansion. The fuel price volatility has certainly been somewhat dysfunctional within the industry over the last several years. We have all talked about that and fuel prices where they are today at roughly $75 brent does not scare. I think that's actually a good stable place that we can platform from to continue the growth to get back to growing more margins. So I think that's what the industry needs to do.
Ed Bastian: Part of that, Duane, also is the net promoter scores that we see and mentioned our domestic net promoter scores were up three points year-over-year, which is huge when you measure net promoter scores to drive an improvement at an already good base of further improvement. So clearly, customers of all classes are preferring Delta in increasing numbers.
Ed Bastian: Well, I will let the Paul and Jill provide some of the details, reconciliation of the numbers. Part of the increase is the higher completion factor that we are running above plan. That's a meaningful part of it. But the other thing to think about when you are looking at our overall 3% capacity, that's entirely gauge and stage related. Departures actually are down for the full year. Our expectations are departures count will be down and when you are thinking within the industry, I think we are the only major, maybe the only airline out there that's got departures down. But I think we are being very prudent as to how we are thinking about capacity. We are certainly outperforming the industry on revenue production and revenue productivity and we also know that we have got big non-fuel CASM reduction plan that we are working heavily on and fleet is a big part of that too.
Ed Bastian: Dan, this is Ed. We are not seeing any signs that the rumors escalating trade wars are impacting business travel or travel in general. We just posted our highest quarter in history. Our total topline is up 10%. I think the increased outlook, as you say, we gave for revenue is through the help of the international as well as the domestic economies and also the fact that we need to cover the higher price of fuel in our ticket price. So who knows where the saying goes, but we are not seeing any negative impacts from it.
Ed Bastian: I think what we have seen as we seen really robust business travel in terms of volumes. The yields have been weaker than we would have liked or anticipated given the robust levels of demand. And so that's the piece that we are working on every day to try and improve. And leisure travel, so all of the events, as when you look out are very strong in terms of both yield and traffic. So we have the flush of consumer continues and that consumers want experiences and travel fits well into that experiential model. So we see robust demand there and we see really, really strong demand for business in terms of volumes and now we continue to need to work on improving the yields.
Ed Bastian: Hi. this is Ed. We are not seeing anything other than strong demand for our products. Pricing is certainly a function of cost and with higher fuel prices, you are going to expect to see ticket prices go up as well our pricing currently is up about 4% on a year-over-year basis. So I think it's at a good level, but best revenue performance in our history this quarter and our outlook is strong.
Ed Bastian: So we have seen robust demand for our Delta One product, especially in the Pacific as we have introduced Premium Select into over 50% of the market now, we have seen no real degradation in terms of the demand for the premium products and services, the most premium. And what we have seen is really consumer discretionary and corporations that have travel policy that only allow for coach really using that extensible. And as we continue to roll out different ways to buy those products, we will see I think another explosion in demand as other customers will use their miles to sit in the cabins they want. And I think bringing that ability of our frequent flyers to choose where they want to sit after they buy the ticket is really going to be something that's going to generate a lot of great products and services for customers as well as revenue for the airline.
Ed Bastian: So generally, we stay balanced with our partner so that all of our joint ventures are based on a 50-50 growth pattern. And so over the long-term on any individual season or month, it might be a little bit weighed to one or the other, but over the long term, it's based on growing at the same rates. So a lot of that's our own metal and a lot of it's partner related.
Ed Bastian: So the average fare differential from main cabin to Comfort Plus is between $25 and $35 domestically on average. So very nominal fees to get a really, I think, a great product value. And then internationally, which is the only place we have Premium Select, it's about 100% fare premium differential in the markets. Right now, it's mostly in the Pacific. So that's several hundred dollars more but we will be rolling it out to the transatlantic where we actually started but it's really only on one flight right now. But it will be ubiquitous in our long-haul network over the next several years.
Ed Bastian: Well, domestically it's about $35 for Comfort Plus. We won't have Premium Select in domestic. And then internationally, it's about $50 to $100 depending on the market to go from main cabin to Comfort Plus on the long-haul. And it's about several hundred dollars to move into Premium Select.
Ed Bastian: We expect to take delivery of a handful by the end of the year and we will be putting them into service in the first quarter.
Ed Bastian: You certainly should get that feedback from the investors directly themselves. We are doing our very best. The Delta stock price is roughly adding American and United's market cap combined, that's what the Delta price is. So we do think we get a premium. And from a performance perspective, we can just control what we control which is delivering an outstanding value for our consumers, great product, reliability, with the best service and hospitality from our employees that's driving the higher customer satisfaction that we have ever seen and the highest revenue growth rate. I think one of the things that's been weighing on the stock, as we all know, is the growth in fuel prices in the short term and we have said on the call that we expect to be able to cover most if not all of it this year by the end of the year and set the pace for margin expansion going into 2019.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. We are seeing very good momentum on the passenger revenue line item. And I think we are anticipating that to continue in the third and fourth quarters.
Glen Hauenstein: So there are a of ins and outs in the quarter as they are always are. The holiday we are referring to is the shift of the Jewish holidays from a weekend day in October timeframe to a weekday in September.
Glen Hauenstein: And that's actually a pretty big number, when you think about the quarter shifting and actually going from a weekend to a weekday ruins a whole week of business travel for a sector of our business travelers. So that is impacted, also the storms as we said last year, were one point favorable impact and then we have a difference in the PRASM to TRASM which has been negative in the third quarter, which was a positive in the second quarter.
Glen Hauenstein: I want to just reiterate that the passenger revenue momentum that we saw accelerating into the second quarter is continuing into the third quarter.
Glen Hauenstein: Those are not a very, very difficult things to isolate and I think you know what we look at is our relative revenue performance in aggregate and are we supplying the right products and services that people want to buy from us and I think as the quarter unfolds over the next couple weeks here, as everybody announces the details of their earnings, you will see that we, I think, took another step function improvement in aggregate and produced the highest level of revenue premiums we have in our history. So it's very hard to isolate which individual piece contributed to the whole brand impact, but I think that's certainly a contributing factor.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I think we are most focused on domestic, right. The domestic is where we really need to get those fares moving. They have moved internationally. And we are continuing to focus on that everyday. We see great opportunity and that's what gives us really good confidence as we move through the rest of the year that we will be able to hit the margin expansion by year-end.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I have a dart board in my office. We have teams that comb through the day-in and day-out and we have really the best teams in the industry. I am really so proud of them and they are every day working to optimize our capacity and press the envelope in terms of trying to raise the yield. So this is a great process that we have in place and one, I think, that's proven Delta as at the top of the industry, year after year in producing these returns. And I would love to say it's me, but it's not. It's a team of hundreds of professionals every day that are working to make this happen for us and they do a great job at it.
Glen Hauenstein: I think that highly oversimplifies the process that you look at a flight plate. It's clearly in terms of the competitive dynamics of that and what your expectations are for that individual flight. And of course, when you look at the flight level details, what time of day is it, what's the opportunity cost for that flight. So it's a very complicated transaction. I think we are oversimplifying it by trying to put it in boxes like that. It's a much more complicated and rigorous and happy to spend a day down here sometime, if you want to come down and look how we do it, because I think it's a really interesting feature.
Glen Hauenstein: Helane, a great question and I think that really is the point is that when we fly from Indianapolis to Paris, we are not just flying from Indy to Paris, we are flying from Indianapolis to Paris connecting to all of Europe and then really connecting Asia and Africa through Paris. So we would never contemplate flying from Indianapolis to Paris if it were two endpoints on our network, but really given the strength of the frequent flyer base and the loyalty we have in Indianapolis and the amount of traffic that's continuing on to those destinations beyond Paris, that's where we have really added over the past years, using our partner hubs. Really exciting for the results too. Indianapolis to Paris is doing quite well in its first year of operation. We also added Orlando to Amsterdam. That's also doing quite well. And Los Angeles to both Paris and Amsterdam. Interesting factoid is, of the three major U.S. carriers in Los Angeles, we were the only one that did not have nonstop European service on our own metal. So we added that this year and that's doing really well as well.
Glen Hauenstein: We haven't really done that with that in mind, but I think we don't connect a lot of traffic in Heathrow, because we have a great partner that has the number two position in the U.K. But it's really not a hub connecting complex. They have a few connections, but it's not the size and scale and scope of Paris or Amsterdam, which are two of the largest connecting complex is in all of Europe.
Glen Hauenstein: Dan, this is really something we continue to remain excited about and excited about our future. As we continue to drive brand loyalty and to drive better customer segmentation, we have seen continued strength here. And when you add 8% in capacity and you far outpace that in terms of revenue growth, we think that's just another factoid in, hey people really want to buy that from us. So our fleet sets up nicely in the next few years to continue to expand those number of seats and then we are taking some changes to the fleet. For example, adding the Premium Select into all of our international widebody fleet, which is a really a new announcement that we made in this call that will all be complete by 2021 because people want to buy these products and services from us. And quite honestly, we haven't made it that easy for them. And over the next months and years, we are going to make it easier and easier with more and more ways to buy these products and services and we see that as a real growth opportunity.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, domestic portion of international journey is not going to have a significant impact on that number. And ULCC traction has been very strong. We have seen a lot of strength in leisure in ULCC competitive markets. When you think about the business model at a more macro level, clearly higher fuel has much more impacted them in terms of trying to drive leisure traffic that might not otherwise fly. So I think we have seen some very good traction in those markets.
Glen Hauenstein: Because the number of passengers, while the revenues are 40%, the number of passengers because of the higher ticket volumes, it doesn't drive a whole lot of travel on the domestic portion and the pro rata relatively low to begin with. So that's not going to drive a whole lot. And we can happily walk you through that math. I mean, it could be a few tenths of a point, but it's not going to be significant.
