Jill Greer: Thanks, Jake. Good morning, and thanks to everyone for joining us on our June quarter earnings call. Joining us from Atlanta today are our CEO, Ed Bastian; our President, Glen Hauenstein; and our CFO, Paul Jacobson. Our entire leadership team is here in the room for the Q&A session. Ed will open the call and give an overview of Delta’s performance, Glen will then address the revenue environment, and Paul will conclude with the review of our cost performance and cash flow. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta’s SEC filings. We’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted. You can find a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the IR page at ir.delta.com. And with that, here’s Ed.
Jill Greer: Thanks, Paul. Jake, we're ready for questions from the analysts, if you could give the instructions.
Jill Greer: I think that's going to wrap up the analyst portion of the call. We will hand it over to mates in our media team. Jake, if you could give the instructions to the media for how to get in the queue.
Glen Hauenstein: This past Sunday. Okay. While underlying passenger demand remains strong, sequentially, we expect TRASM to see about 1 point pressure from the Easter holiday timing and a slight deceleration in the transatlantic. Domestic, corporate and leisure demand remains strong. Premium product growth should continue to lead to Main Cabin as we monetize the investments we have made in improving the customer experience. In international, currency headwinds are beginning to moderate in the back half of the year as we lap U.S. dollar strength. Atlantic unit revenue is expected to be roughly flat over prior year as strong U.S. point of origin demand and stable corporate trends are offset by some softer European leisure demand. In the Pacific, we expect unit revenue declines will be similar to the June quarter, but should begin to moderate later this year as we lap foreign exchange headwinds and as our comp ease. Latin is positioned to remain our best performing international entity as strength continues in both Brazil and Mexico, and we expect system capacity to grow by 4% in the September quarter on modest decline from our first half run rate. Full year capacity is trending slightly above 4%, including additional capacity from higher completion factor, incremental joint venture flying to assist our partners with grounded airplanes and increased charter flying. I'd like to congratulate our charter team on an outstanding quarter and strong year-to-date performance. As we think longer term, our opportunities lie in leveraging both our brand and our scale to grow our revenues, expand Delta's competitive advantages and differentiate the perception of Delta in the minds of our consumers. We're targeting our capacity and markets with the best growth potential, improving the efficiency and profitability of our core hubs though upgauging. While the last 10 years were spent fundamentally transforming our domestic hub substructure, we are currently in the midst of the most significant fleet evolution in Delta's history. We are focused on getting the right aircraft on the right routes, allowing us to deliver leading customer service, focused products and services and expanding our margins. With over 200 narrow-bodies set to deliver over the next four years, we are building a more efficient fleet that best serves the scale of our network. These are larger gauge aircraft with a higher percentage of premium seats which help drive Delta's margin profile. Our fleet transformation extends to the international entities as well. Not only will our fleet become more efficient with new deliveries, our entire international fleet will have upgraded interiors including Premium Select and Comfort Plus by the end of 2021. The improved international products combined with efforts to create a more seamless experience for our customers flying within our partner network, gives us confidence in our global ability to continue to drive profitable growth. The scale of our global network, product investments and Delta's best in class service are the foundation for our revenue premium and underlie the improved economics of our recent American Express agreement; that agreement alone should drive a nearly $7 billion contribution by 2023, double to what we saw in 2018. In closing, we expect strong demand to continue throughout the rest of the year. Our first half results and pipeline of initiatives give us strong confidence to again raise our revenue growth target to 6% to 7% for the full year. As pleased as we are with the record June quarter result, we're even more excited about our great runway opportunities. And with that, I'll turn it over to my good friend, Paul. 
Glen Hauenstein: Great question, Mike. I think, Boston is a true focus city for us that we have commitments over the next year, year and half to take our departure levels up towards 200. For those of you who are familiar with our Boston operation, we have shared our terminal with various carriers over the years. And we will take over the entire terminal, starting late this summer, will allow us to continue to grow in Boston. And what we've been focused on is making our hubs more efficient so we can drive higher earnings and targeting those cities that are high growth. And Boston, Seattle, Austin, Nashville, Raleigh, all fit that profile of cities where growth and growth for air travel is significantly higher than they are across the system in general. So, that's really been our thoughts to continue to grow where markets are growing and to continue to make our existing hubs more efficient.
Glen Hauenstein: Jamie, it’s Glen. I think, all those things that you just mentioned are contributors to it. It is not one thing. And it is, while we are really about the American Express transaction, that is not the key driver within the quarter but excellent performance. I think as much being able to charge for products, being able to understand where people want to fly, being able to put the right products and services in those markets and being able to charge customers to what they're willing to pay us for it. And I think it’s a combination of everything you just mentioned.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, any of us could take that Rajeev. Cargo is not -- certainly not a big contributor to the total revenues. It’s probably less than 2% of our total revenue base. The impact we’re seeing in airfreight has been across the industry, not just the airline industry but the major freights and express companies are seeing those same impacts. I think a lot of the reduction currently is due to the big inventory build last year in advance of the tariffs and all the geopolitical trade tension that existed. And as a result, there is not as much demand for near in airfreight. So, shipping and other forms of transportation are probably getting a higher amount of volume. So, it’s something that’s important to us but at the same time I don’t think it has really any direct correlation to what we see on our passenger base.
Glen Hauenstein: Savi, if I might take a stab at what I think you're getting to is, when you think about the trends in the U.S. aviation industry, the big cities tend to be getting bigger and the small cities tend to be getting a bit smaller. And if you look at Kennedy when we made the initial investment, during the first year or two, our CPE went up slightly. Sitting where we are today, by driving a more efficient, larger airplane through those facilities, which you couldn't have done with the previous facilities, our CPE is now significantly below where we were just a few years ago and even before the construction. So, really, these are the enabling projects for the airlines to become more efficient as well.
Glen Hauenstein: And Brandon, the other thing I’d add to that is that we’ve been growing our topline revenues easily the last two years in the high single digits level year-on-year, again multiple of where GDP has been. And the diversity of those revenue streams is powerful, whether it’s loyalty and other components of that but the other thing is our net promoter scores were at their highest in record. So, not only are they purchasing these new products, they’re even more satisfied than ever in the services that Delta is providing. So, I think it’s quite sustainable and I think it’s going to continue to grow at a pretty accelerated pace.
Glen Hauenstein: I don't think we want to speculate on how they're going to react to the new facilities. But, I do think that we know that in order to accommodate the growth of air travel in New York City, we have to have a bigger facility as if you’ve used it, you understand how constrained it is. And that constrains our ability to put larger airplanes in there that can drive significant cost efficiencies and accommodate growth over time. I think we all realize particularly in summertime how constrained New York City aerospace is. So, there is really no way to be able to put more airplanes in there. So, we're going to have to put bigger airplanes in there that are more efficient, and those facilities are the key enablers of that.
Glen Hauenstein: Duane, we are very focused on the narrow-body transformation that Glen talked about in his comments. We’ve got -- we made a decision two years ago to invest in the 321. And I think that we’re going to stay that course.
Glen Hauenstein: It was both, Mexico and Brazil last year, which have had turnarounds in both those marketplaces that really -- those are at the centers of Latin turnaround.
Glen Hauenstein: So, it really isn’t about the corporate accounts paying more. It’s really the yield trends have been very stable this year both domestically and actually slightly down internationally primarily driven by currency headwinds. But it’s really been a volume story. Volumes have been up throughout the year. So, we’ve seen very robust volumes, particularly domestically with many weeks being up double-digits in terms of the volumes. So, I think we’re relatively excited about the broadness of this. And clearly there are industries that are growing and there are industries that are scaling back. But in general, the trends have been overwhelmingly positive for volume.
Glen Hauenstein: I think, as we go through the year and really more in the fourth quarter, we’re starting to lap the higher dollar. And as you know, international has a longer sale -- advance sale than domestic. So, the tail end of the fourth quarter should -- or the mitigation of headwinds should be better as we move through the year. And we're also looking at starting to lap some of the weakness in some of the sectors. As we have mentioned earlier in the call, automotive has been down. And as you might expect with a hub in Detroit and a very big Midwest presence, that had a pretty large impact on us. So, as we get to the fourth quarter, we're actually lapping those lower comps. And so, that should actually improve. Hopefully, we can get back to a constructive environment in one of our biggest sectors. And so, we are really looking forward to a very strong close to the year.
Glen Hauenstein: No. I said, our partners were flying from Boston to Asia. As you may know, our partner Korean launched Korea to Boston this year on 787 and it was an incredible success. So, they’ve been doing quite well on that way. I think they will expand that service as we move into next year. We’ve been working with our partners, we’ve been growing our own hub. And I think 200 is kind of our medium-term objective here and we think we’ll get there in the next 18 to 24 months. But beyond that, we’ll see how the market grows. We think at 200, it’s a very sustainable and very profitable franchise for us.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Mike. Thanks for the question. So, all the contributions that we made are voluntary. As we’ve talked about at Investor Day with airline relief, we have fully completed all of our required funding through 2024. But we remain committed to try to achieve an 80% funded status by the end of 2020. Right now, we're in the low to mid-70s. The plan is performing very well, in line with equity markets globally, and we expect to be a good year on the return front.
Paul Jacobson: Sure. Thanks, Rajeev. We obviously have enjoyed in the first half some of the benefit and we’ve seen that in our results with our non-fuel CASM benefiting alongside higher completion factor and more consistent and better operational performance contributing to that, that has helped. We've been pressured a little bit by some of the revenue index. So, with revenue growing at more than almost twice the rate of capacity, we see some revenue index pressure around commissions and around merchant fees, et cetera. But, all that is good money to spend from that perspective. Last half of 2018, we had negative CASM. So, we got a little bit tougher comps going in, but we feel very comfortable about holding the line between 1% to 2% and delivering that 1% for the full year. Obviously, the additional D&A from the MD-90 fleet, which we absorbed into our regular earnings has pressured that somewhat. But, we do feel confident. Looking forward, we continue to see really good progress from One Delta. It's contributed almost $200 million incrementally in the first half of this year over 2018 and we're on track to exceed $500 million total from the One Delta program through the first two years on track to our $1 billion number. We're going to need to continue to do that. Obviously, there is potential pressure on the horizon, but we are constantly diligent about it and we feel good about holding that below that 2% goal long term.
Paul Jacobson: Andrew, good morning. Thanks for that. At the end of the day, as we said, the refinery, given its diesel and jet production will effectively serve as about a 35% hedge against that. So, we feel like we’re well-positioned going into that. Certainly, we’ve seen a little bit of pressure on the future’s curve but it hasn’t been near what the market had expected or at least thought in extreme cases that it would be. So, we’re continuing to watch it and keep it close. The refinery is performing well. We’ve seen some upward pressure on gasoline and other products on the profitability of that given the recent announcement by PES to shut down their refinery. And we feel like we’re well-positioned to be able to continue to deliver those results.
Paul Jacobson: Well, thanks for that, David. We also, for the large projects that we are doing because we finance those in the tax-exempt markets or through general airport funds, are excluding those from investing activities, because they are on a standalone and we repay those over time. So, I think there is going to be a steady stream of investment across the airports whether it's driven by the airports themselves or by us. We’ve put significant investment into our Sky Club and Lounge program for customer satisfaction. And clearly, those are paying dividends in the product scores and the revenue performance of the Company as well. So, I don't see the non-large infrastructure changing significantly, as we go forward. But, those large infrastructure projects will be here for a little bit of time, and they will be great for the customers. And as Glen talked about, they create some significant operational efficiencies and scale benefits for us to be able to amortize those costs over higher loads.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, Duane. This is Paul. Thanks for the question. The decision to retire the MD-90s is part of the continued move and fleet simplification. Driving that through, we feel comfortable with our existing order book. There were new orders accompanying that decision as we thought about it. And we feel good with that balance on the trajectory that we’re on to be able to drive to the benefits of fleet simplification, significantly reduce the complexity in the business, which is going to translate to better efficiency going forward.
Paul Jacobson: Elliott, this is Paul Jacobson. Thanks for question. That Trainer refinery was originally purchased for events just like this. As we saw supply contracting in the region through various closures back in 2012, we saw this as an opportunity for us to take a little bit more control over production and we've done just that. We've taken the refinery and used it in connection with our commercial operations to drive on average $0.05 per gallon benefit against our competitors using the benefits of the refinery and all the logistics expertise that we have. That means this translates to about $200 million per year. Certainly, we expect to see some rebalancing going on with the lost production from the PES facility. And we believe the Trainer refinery is well positioned to help us offset any increases in the region we might see.
Paul Jacobson: We’re always looking for opportunities to enhance the return structure and the overall structure of how we manage that refinery. We went through the process, we found -- we’ve got multiple investors and firms interested in talking to us. Ultimately, we weren’t able to put a deal together that met all of our needs and have decided for the time being to remain at the status quo. So, we expect no changes in that structure and we’ve put our pencils down on that process.
Ed Bastian: Hey. Jamie, this is Ed. Actually I’m going to jump to line. I’m going to answer it. We know what you are asking, and it’s really not appropriate for us to be speculating as to what the other carriers ought to do. It's clear that Max has been a real -- it’s had a dramatic impact on our industry. I think the reintroduction when the time comes is going to have to be carefully managed, no question. But in the interim, we're going to continue to watch and see the development there. But, I don’t think we should be looking to second guess or call out the current or the expected actions of our competitors.
Ed Bastian: Jamie, this is Ed. I’ll just chime in on Glen’s response as well. This is a growing business. I think for years people wondered whether it was a mature business. But, when you think about what consumers are looking to go, and whether it’s as you, the millennial, impact of wanting experience versus ownership, whether it’s the baby boomer segment that’s looking to explore, I think technology has had a huge impact here. People are more aware of the world than ever before, people are more interested in seeing the world and connecting with the world than ever before. And as the best performing airline in a market that’s growing a multiple GDP, we’re really well positioned to see this continue to grow into the future. And all the other actions that you talk of more tactics in terms of how we continue to drive a greater value back to consumers, but I think the fundamental demand for this product in this business is very, very strong. And we’re capitalizing on it.
Ed Bastian: I think a hub is a place that we connect traffic. And an endpoint clearly is the opposite of a hub. And so, to the extent that we’re beginning to connect traffic and more and more traffic over Boston, we would consider it hub. This year, we’re connecting almost a 1,000 people a day from the U.S. to Europe over Boston for example with our partners started new service from Boston to Asia. Now, I think when you think about our ability to connect people through a city that’s what we define as a hub.
Ed Bastian: Our strategy has been to build something that consumers want to buy and let them choose how they buy it. And that's led to a continuation of a migration towards Delta direct channel and Delta loyal customers. And I think that's how we see the landscape continuing to evolve. The question is, do you want to do a more aggressive and say no to customers who might want to buy our product to a certain way or distributors, and the answer is we would never want to do that. We would just want to continue to focus on buying directly from Delta, and Delta flights as the better way to buy a Delta ticket.
Ed Bastian: Hunter, let me offer my thoughts here. We're going down that direction obviously. I’d say, 10 years ago, about one-third of our tickets were sold over the online agencies. Today, we're down to somewhere around 10% to 15%. And probably, as you look forward, you're right, delta.com is going to take more and more of that traffic. So, I don't think we need to put a stake in the ground and say that we won't sell over those channels. But at the same time, the online agencies are aware that they need to provide a differentiated experience to our customers in order for us to continue to invest in them and together have our content on their sites.
Ed Bastian: Good morning, Savi. Thanks for that. Certainly, we've seen some inflationary and tariff related pressure on structural steel and other elements. I would say actually a little bit of a bigger piece has been just general inflation in the areas of New York and LA where we're constructing. There is obviously a lot of infrastructure work going on and competition for labor is tight. That being said, both of those projects remain on target, on schedule and on budget. The work that the team is doing has been phenomenal on the ground in both places, and this is one of the strong benefits that we feel we have by controlling the financing and controlling the construction of these projects, being able to manage through these things and the teams have done an amazing job.
Ed Bastian: I think, you're going to continue to see airport cost inflation across the board, there is a lot of infrastructure improvement happening, not just at our hubs but across the board. But all of these are customer enhancing and going to make the customer experience better, more streamlined with more features and more modern. So, we actually feel good about it. And those projects are all moving ahead. We feel comfortable absorbing that rate of inflation as we can deliver those products and in line with our general cost goals.
Ed Bastian: I think, it's become more and more sticky. And that’s why I think we pointed out that every year, the paid load factors in the premium products get higher and higher and higher, and we continue to drive loyalty into those products and services. So, I think our ability to continue to grow those sectors, I think when you look back and say what was wrong with this industry five or ten years ago as we all thought that it was a race to the bottom and that the only thing that mattered to consumers having all is fare. What we really figured out when we did a lot of survey and results was that for most customers or 60% of the customers, they were choosing on something other than the lowest fare. And then when we dissected that even more that with 60% of customers that really 80% of revenue, and we weren’t really geared towards being able to provide value. And that’s the full genesis of this transformation of Delta and its premium products and services; it’s been about providing people what they want to buy.
Ed Bastian: As I said -- so, you’re right. That’s a nerdy analyst question. No, we’re not expecting to see any friendships in the numbers, we’re probably just being a little conservative in our long-term topline guide.
Ed Bastian: Well, sure. We always have the flexibility levers on voluntary spending and capital et cetera to be able to manage that, which is why our balanced capital allocation strategy is the right one, because it can be flexible and respond to changes. But, if you look at our cash flow conversion rates, they've been going up pretty steadily. And a huge contributor to that is the American Express deal. We’ve talked about the loyalty program, the cash turn versus the deferral that we see. Some of that to the balance sheet is very strong and that's expected to continue to grow, which will enhance our operating cash generation going forward. This year in particular, we've lapped a couple of sizable increases in non-cash related expenses, principally the pension as well as depreciation and amortization. So, you see the cash efficiency of the earnings stream increasing and that should continue as well. So, the trajectory we're on we’re confident about, and we feel good about being able to continue that performance into the future.
Ed Bastian: Sure. Helane, thanks. It’s a very good question and you are absolutely right. ESG is going to become an increasingly important part of our responsibilities in our governance of our brand and how we operate in to the future. You are right that is probably a bigger point of emphasis in Europe today than it is in the U.S., but it's going to continue to grow here as well. We’ve made a lot of commitments as an industry as well as in airline and I'm pleased to say that the Delta is continuing to meet its commitments in that. We’ve made a commitment as a company as well as an industry to reduce our footprint by 50% by the year 2050, which requires that we need to continue to reduce our footprint by up to 2% per year and which is right in line with where we are today on fuel and emissions. We’ve made a commitment as a company to eliminate single use plastics from on-board our aircraft, as well as in our lounges, in our airports and we continue to make new announcements. I just saw the new amenity kits that we’ve got for international that's eliminated the plastic. We're going to be taking the wrappers off the blankets here soon. Every day there is a lot of small efforts, all of which add up to a lot of big impacts. So, ESG is something that we are paying good attention to. I think, investors will increasingly pay more attention too. And it’s going to be a point of pride for Delta people as we bring forth the lead in that effort as well.
Ed Bastian: Sure. Leslie, this is Ed. We did conduct two weeks of test. It was on a limited scale. We learned a lot about the technical capacity challenges that you face when you want to open a Wi-Fi up free on with great broadband capabilities across our entire global network. We are now ready to announce when the next free test will come, but they will be coming certainly later this year, and we're on a path here. We think it's important that our customers stay connected. And entertainment is something I think that will continue to distinguish Delta in the sky.
Ed Bastian: That’s essentially our first-class product, both domestic as well as international, our paid load factors in that 60% to 70% range.
Ed Bastian: Importantly, it's not cash. It's cash and frequent flyers using their mileage to upgrade into those cabins. And I think that's one of the real -- when we talk about continuing to increase the diversity and the ability for people to sit up here, we're trying to bring more and more ways to get there. And that's -- increasing the distribution has been one of the keys.
Ed Bastian: Tracy, this is Ed. We do have a close relationship with the family as well as with the company. We are in contact on almost daily basis across our two companies. And I’m not going to comment relative to investment, how we develop our investment thesis. But the investment that we made in Korean is consistent with the investments you’ve seen us make in many of our main partners around the globe. So, I don't think there should be anything considered unusual at all about it.
Ed Bastian: Listen, the Max, is a good product. I’m not dismissing, it’s a very competitive tool that OAL has. We look at all aspects of performance. We looked at the customer view of product. We looked at the cost from the OEM. We looked at the engine. We looked at what we were able to do with Pratt and Whitney on the geared turbofan and the commitments that we’ve received in the neo. So, it was a comprehensive review. It was a close call. We spent quite a few months analyzing and going back and forth. But the 321neo in aggregate carried the day for us.
Ed Bastian: That will conclude today’s call. We’re grateful for everyone’s time and look forward to sharing the great results that we will be talking about in October. Thank you, everybody.
