Jill Greer: Thanks, Eboni. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our March quarter earnings call. Joining us today from Atlanta are CEO, Ed Bastian; our President, Glen Hauenstein; and our CFO, Paul Jacobson. Our entire leadership team is here in the room for the Q&A session. Ed will open the call and give an overview of Delta's financial performance. Glen will then address the revenue environment, and Paul will conclude with a review of our cost performance and cash flow. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow up.  Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta's SEC filings.  We'll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted. On January 1, Delta adopted several new accounting standards. All prior-year periods have been recast to reflect the adoption of those new standards. You can find more detail on this and a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Ed. 
Jill Greer: Thanks, everyone, and, Eboni, we are now ready for questions from the analysts if you could give instructions.
Jill Greer: Thanks, Susan. Thanks, everyone. That is going to wrap up the analyst portion of the call. And now I will turn it over to Ned.
Ed Bastian: Hi, Joe. We have had this discussion now for a year or two. One of the things I think’s real important is that we’ve aimed to provide better transparency and disclosure around the basis and the foundation of some of your comments, looking into the loyalty arrangement and the profitability that it drives. And hopefully the marketplace is seeing that, that we’ve got a more sustainable and durable base revenue stream that’s a bit – I wouldn’t say disconnected, but it’s not fully dependent upon the airlines in and of itself. Over time, if we are unable to get our valuation to where we think it needs to be, we’re open to options and ideas. But I’d say it’s premature to come to that conclusion at this point.
Ed Bastian: No. We still believe that. I think that we need to prove it. And rather than – I think we’ve made the point and I think the comparisons are clear to any of our owners. There’s obviously something within the durability of our business framework that we need to continue to prove over time and we’re seeking to do that. So I think the point was made and there’s no reason to continue to beat that same drum.
Ed Bastian: That’s an interesting question, Hunter. We don’t necessarily look at it in that light. We certainly are looking, as I said in my earlier comment to Joe, about diversifying our revenue streams. But there’s no question, our non-ticket-based revenues. And it’s been for some time now, it’s been growing at a much faster clip than the ticket revenues. And as we bring segmentation and more customized marketing to bear, you’ll see those trends continue. We’ve never set a target as to where that should be, though.
Ed Bastian: Yes, we are. Yes, we are. I know a number of people have been asking and talking about that over the course of the last few weeks. We continue to still expect to be in the range, and I think it’s premature to conclude otherwise. Our Q1 was on plan. We expect the same largely in Q2 as well. Revenues are strong and we’re running ahead of plan. Our nonfuel costs are up a little bit, but we still expect full year to be in the target range and the wild card is obviously fuel. It’s currently probably $5 or $6 a barrel ahead of plan at this point, but it’s been bouncing all around over the course of the year-to-date. It really depends on our ability to price it and the time lag required. But it’s only been at this $70 level here for a couple of weeks, so I’d say it’s premature to conclude on a full-year basis as to whether that’s going to continue in place.
Ed Bastian: Yeah, topline is running higher than plan in December. I forget the exact plan number for Q1, but we’re running a good healthy clip ahead of plan.
Ed Bastian: Well, I don’t view fuel in the $70 range as a big headwind. In fact, it creates a lot more discipline about the business, and we’ve certainly proven the ability to make some very solid returns at this fuel price in the past. If you were to assume the $70 price range were to hold for the balance of the year, I think that would require about 1 point of additional RASM, plus or minus, to cover it. And we’ll see. I think it’s premature as I said to say $70 is the new normal. The curve, as you know, is still backward dated, so if you were to take a market, market price is actually lower than that today. And I do think there’s a tremendous amount of revenue momentum that we’re seeing, and I think the industry as a whole is needing to price for this. This is not a unique Delta challenge. This is the industry, and that’s why we’ve had good success.
Ed Bastian: Michael, this is Ed. I don’t know what British Airways’ plans are. I think you’re probably better off asking them. And no, we don’t have any plans to invest in Norwegian.
Ed Bastian: Our plan is to take the first C Series by the end of the year and probably induct it into the service at the start of 2019.
Glen Hauenstein: So I think we’ve talked about this before, is that generally when we can get to gauge – and this is why our gauge story is so important to us, when we can get to the right operating gauge, we can compete in almost every sector, whether or not it’s against a ULCC, whether or not it’s up against legacy carriers. So that’s why we’re really focused on getting the right gauge aircraft into the airline. Generally, where we tend to lose money is where we can’t get to scale. So the smaller equipment type in almost every class is the least profitable. So I think that’s why we’re so excited about the plan to bring in higher gauge to Delta and drive almost all of our growth through that higher gauge, because we think it’s a much more robust and sustainable model.
Glen Hauenstein: Yeah, if I could just add, there’s a huge correlation between airline revenues and fuel price, but it does take a little bit of time both directions, up and down, before it’s absorbed into the marketplace. And so over the past few weeks, we’ve seen a fairly rapid run up. Under normal circumstances with a growing economy, we would see that roll into fares probably in the 90- to 120-day range, but it has to stay there, and I think as it’s fluctuating around, it’s premature for us to start speculating as to how much of that would be captured in forward revenues.
Glen Hauenstein: We’re working on that every day, and the dynamics competitively domestically have changed a lot over the last couple of years. But we don’t see any real impediment to be able to get back there over time. And so every day we’re working to get those up, and it’s at a market level, it’s at a understanding our customers better level. And I think we’ve shown in the first quarter, anyway, what I would consider to be some industry-leading results in terms of our ability to capture that. And we see that momentum continuing into the second quarter.
Glen Hauenstein: We’re still a couple hundred million dollars below what our peak in cargo was just a few years ago, so I think there is continued momentum if we can, again, get back to those historic levels.
Glen Hauenstein: Pacific has been a great surprise as we moved through the year, and my hat’s off to our Pacific team who is really doing a great job managing a very robust business demand. I think when you think back to Brexit and whether or not you thought Brexit would cause more or less business demand to the UK, I think most of us would have prognosticated that Brexit would present a challenge for business traffic to the UK.  In reality, business traffic to the UK has never been stronger. And so as we think about a lot of what’s going on in the press, we are apprehensive and monitoring very closely how business travel is going back and forth to China, but all we’ve seen is continued improvements and continued strength in that. So China, Japan, South Korea, all showing incredible strength.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes. We have had, as we’ve mentioned in earlier calls, a multiyear restructuring of our international Pacific capacity away from our hub in Tokyo and towards nonstop flying into the major points in China. Now we’ll continue to refocus using Korea as our main distribution platform for secondary and third-tier cities in Asia, and we’re off to a great start with our existing services, and we’ll be building on that over the next years.
Glen Hauenstein: I think that Domestic represents such a huge revenue pool for us. To imagine that Domestic would move like the Transatlantic and be up 12 is a little bit of a stretch, but we see solid progression through the year, and I think that’s what we’re working on is to continue that momentum. As you know, last year was our first year, our first quarter of year-over-year positive revenue momentum. So keeping that trajectory going over an ever-increasing base is our goal, and we think it’s very achievable.
Glen Hauenstein: We’re comfortable with our capacity for the year. We’re generally within the range that we gave at the start of the year with respect to guidance. There are changing over the course of year. Some of the international strength certainly cause you to think there’s a little more you could do there. But, fundamentally, no. Our capacity is what it is and those types of changes need to be seasoned over a much longer period of time. We can’t adjust them on the dime.
Glen Hauenstein: That’s really one of the backbone, if you will, of our commercial strategy is to continue to increase the number of Premium seats we have in the marketplace using the upgauging strategy as the main vehicle for that. So we will have double-digit increases throughout the year in terms of Premium seats in the marketplace. And the premiums that we get on that depending on the product range from 10% to 2 times the average coach fare. So that’s really a key driver for us, and I think one of the reasons we were able to post what I would consider to be superior revenue numbers for the first quarter.
Glen Hauenstein: Sure. We monitor this on almost a daily basis and of course we react to changes in demand profiles as quickly as we can. And we’re looking at as far as we can see right now and we see no trail-off in business demand for the UK at all. As a matter of fact, it’s very robust right now. But if indeed it does change we will react to it, of course. As far as the open-skies agreements, we think that there will be no real significant change in the way we operate to the UK or to Europe from any of the changes in Brexit.
Glen Hauenstein: Doug [ph], we haven’t engaged on that topic in some time, so I wouldn’t be in a position to respond to that at this moment.
Glen Hauenstein: I think the AmEx relationship, which has been growing at a double-digit clip, will continue to grow at a double-digit clip, which is significantly outside the run rate of the core airline business. So I think that’s a significant improvement. Our cargo and MRO businesses are also doing very well especially with the introduction of the geared turbofan into our fleet and I think those are easily double-digit growth businesses for us, certainly over the next number of years. And then the Branded Fares initiatives as we continue to segment and merchandise the product better will grow as a faster clip than ticketed revenues, which mentioned on the call. I don’t know how much more is out there, but I think there’s a considerable improvement potential and I think those are a more durable base of revenues, all of those that I mentioned going forward, which adds to our overall foundation in terms of the strength and sustainability of the business model we’ve created.
Glen Hauenstein: We don’t see that. We see record travel between the U.S. and Europe in both directions for peak summer of 2018. So I’d say we are selecting traffic from the U.S. over traffic from Europe because the fares are higher out of the U.S. than they are out of Europe. They have been historically higher for the last 20 years, and that trend continues. So to the extent that we can favor U.S. origin traffic in peak, we do. But the total traffic to Europe we think will be record-breaking this year.
Paul Jacobson: Helane, I’ll take that. No, it’s not possible to get to a level of 100. You would want to see the cost profile that it would take to get to 100.
Paul Jacobson: Our domestic Net Promoter Score is in the mid-40s range. Internally, we would like to get that to 50 and then evaluate the cost benefits of continuing to increase it.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Duane. Hey, look, we’re always taking a look at trying to make sure we’re managing risk in the business. We have no plans to add any hedges at this time, and we’ll continue to look at it. But again, I think we’re pretty happy with where we sit right now. We’re driving a lot of efficiencies in the business in which we buy fuel and that’s creating a nice sustainable advantage competitively, and we feel good about where we sit in the fuel line.
Paul Jacobson: Sure, Duane. So we, as we’ve talked about throughout the quarter, we’re on track with the new $5 billion authorization which was launched last year. We’ve completed about $1 billion of that and expect to complete that by the middle part of 2020, in line with the plans that we talked about last year.
Paul Jacobson: If I can just add to that, Glen, I think the cargo team is doing a fantastic job, and where we have upside is to align the reliability and the quality of the airline into the cargo operation. They’ve done a great job of getting that, improving customer service, and driving the premiums that we should expect with the type of reliability the operation can drive.
Paul Jacobson: So we said three for the year. We’re at a little bit over that for this quarter with 1 point of that attributed to the year-over-year storm impact.
Paul Jacobson: Hey. Good morning, Darryl. Yeah, I think that that is still our target, our goal, and our expectation. I think what we were trying to do on the call today is give the market a progress update on the initiatives that we’ve talked about through the year, but we still feel good about hitting those full-year targets.
Paul Jacobson: Sure, Dan. Sorry about the technical difficulties. We continue to lease some of our deliveries, but we’re predominantly paying aircraft with cash, improving our unencumbered asset base and continuing to provide cushion and flexibility for the future. The leased aircraft portfolio, as we’ve discussed, is getting back into our targeted range of 20% to 25% of the fleet. It had gotten as low as 7% or 8% during the peak of our de-levering. We want that for long-term future flexibility, residual-value management, et cetera. And on the debt point, we’re very comfortable where our debt sits today. We are comfortably in all the investment grade metrics that we target and we’ll continue to monitor that as we go forward. So no material change to our plans or significant desire to increase or decrease debt materially.
Paul Jacobson: I think that people like to categorize our products and service as defensive or offensive or – but really what we’re trying to do is we’re trying to give customers what they want to buy from us. And if you think about the evolution of airlines, because of the way we distributed tickets historically, we weren’t able to provide more customized products and services to individual purchasers. They were based on two or three classes of service and distribution through monolithic GDSs which a ticket was a ticket was a ticket. So this is really just a natural evolution of us trying to provide best-in-class services no matter what your travel needs are.  So if you’re able to pack a suitcase in an overhead bag, why would we charge you for handling baggage? So I think it allows us to provide a variety of products and services starting from a very basic customer who is willing to forego some of more historic attributes of a coach ticket in order to get a lower fare all the way up to our very premium services where we have the finest champagnes and the flatbed seats with direct aisle access and the Delta One suites. So we’re really excited about this, this change in Delta’s ability to sell to our customers, and we think that it’s been well accepted by the marketplace and that customers are finding value in it.
Paul Jacobson: I think that the first thing which was so great to do is to get the alignment on what those products are, and I think over the next five years we would like to see more convergence with our partners on the products and services, absolutely. Does that involve them being bioidentical, if you will? Probably not. They’ll all have nuances in it. But I think what we launched with Air France-KLM and what we’ve launched with Virgin and what we’ve launched with Aeromexico is a great step forward. Although the nomenclature and the languages sometimes are different, the value proposition in the tickets are identical, and that’s a really big step forward for us.
Dan McKenzie: Oh. Hey. Good morning. Thanks, guys. Glen, with respect to the plan for overall full-year growth of 2% to 3%, what’s the growth in Premium seats for the year, and if you have it for the back half of the year? My thought is just given the upgauging this year. The Premium seats are probably up more than 2% to 3%. And I guess I’m just trying to peel back the onion on how the Premium seats sort of tie into RASM and how the average fare premium for these seats – what kind of average fare premium these seats might garner versus an average fare across the system.
Dan McKenzie: There we go. Thank you. And then, Paul, with respect to the 50 aircraft that are yet to be delivered this year, what’s the philosophy on aircraft financing at this point, and where would that leave net adjusted debt at year-end? And I guess where I’m going with that is as you think about your pool of capital returned to shareholders, obviously, I heard you loud and clear on the $5 billion buyback, just trying to get a sense of how financing may help either expand or with respect to your leverage metrics.
Dan McKenzie: Oh. Okay. Great. Sorry about that. My second question was for Paul. And it’s just with respect to the 50 aircraft yet to be delivered this year, I was just wondering what the philosophy is on aircraft financing and where that might leave net adjusted debt at the end of the year.
