Jill Greer: Thanks, Michelle. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us for our June quarter call. Joining us in Atlanta today are CEO, Ed Bastian; our President, Glen Hauenstein; and our CFO, Paul Jacobson. Our entire leadership team is here in the room for the Q&A session. Ed will open the call and give an overview of Delta’s financial performance, Glen will then address the revenue environment and Paul will conclude with a review of our cost performance and cash flow. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow-up. Today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta’s SEC filings. We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items, unless otherwise noted. We are also providing cost comparisons on a normalized basis as it better matches the retroactive expense we incurred in the fourth quarter 2016 from our pilot contract to the appropriate quarters of 2016. You can find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the Investor Relations page at ir.delta.com. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Ed.
Jill Greer: Thanks Ed, Glen and Paul. Michelle, we’re ready for Q&A with the analysts if you could give them instructions.
Jill Greer: Thanks, Dave. That’s going to conclude the analyst portion of the call and I’m happy to turn the call over to Ned Walker, our Chief Communications Officer.
Paul Jacobson: Thanks, Glen, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. To echo Ed and Glen’s comments, let me begin by saying thanks to the Delta people worldwide for the great service they provide to our customers. Their hard work has built a durable business model that is delivering consistent results. For the June quarter, operating expenses increased roughly $65 million, as lower fuel costs due to last year’s hedge settlements, offset investments in our people, our customer experience and our fleet. These investments drove an increase in non-fuel CASM of 5.5%, which included about a point of pressure from the April operational disruption. Moving into the back half of the year, we’ll see CASM headwinds ease despite continued pressures from wage increases and higher depreciation. First, we’ll lap the technology outage which drove about a 0.5 point of CASM in last year’s third quarter. Second, our planned capacity growth for the year was weighted to the back half after keeping capacity flat in the first half of the year, which will benefit CASM. Third, we’ll annualize higher levels of product, maintenance and technology investments from the back half of 2016, such as enhanced snacks and additional meal services that were added last fall. Finally, our upgauging initiatives will deliver benefits at a slightly faster pace as compared to first half of the year due to our aircraft delivery schedule and into service. This initiative is already delivering solid productivity savings and in the first half of the year, we produced 1.6 higher domestic ASMs on 1% fewer departures. As a result of these four factors, we expect unit cost growth in the September quarter to be up roughly 2% on a normalized basis, which puts us on the right trajectory to achieve our full year 2% to 3% non-fuel CASM growth. Looking at fuel, while market prices increased by 10% in the June quarter, Delta’s all-in fuel price declined by 16% as we lapped last year’s early hedge settlements. We realized a $6 million profit from the refinery despite a significant increase in the cost of RIN’s compliance. While fuel prices continue to be volatile, rent prices remain below $50 a barrel and are roughly 15% below the highs of February. For the third quarter, we’re expecting year-over-year market fuel price to be slightly higher than last year, though due to some hedge settlements in the quarter and are currently forecasting our all-in fuel price in the range of $1.55 per gallon to $1.60 per gallon. For the second quarter, we delivered an 18.4% operating margin, up 1 point versus last year’s reported 17.4% margin. We expect margin expansion in the back half of the year as the revenue recovery continues to gain traction, non-fuel cost pressures ease and full prices remain stable. For the September quarter specifically, we expect our operating margin to be in the range of 18% to 20% compared to last year’s normalized 17.6% and reported 19%. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, our strong margins and profit performance resulted in $2.8 billion of operating cash flow in the quarter, adjusted for the remaining $500 million in cash from the unsecured debt transaction we contributed to the pension plan in early April. At the end of the quarter, our adjusted net debt was $8.4 billion and our unfunded pension liability was $6.9 billion together a reduction of $1.4 billion versus year end. This is solid progress as we continue to strengthen our balance sheet. We spent $1 billion on capital expenditures this quarter, of which nearly $500 million was related to new aircraft and the remainder for fleet mods, facility upgrades and technology improvements and initiatives. For the September quarter, we again expect capital expenditures of approximately $1 billion, including $175 million to complete the purchase of 49% of Aeromexico. During the June quarter, we generated $1.9 billion of free cash flow and used that to repurchase $600 million of shares and pay $150 million in dividends. We also recently announced a 50% dividend increase, which will begin in the September quarter. This is the fourth consecutive 50% increase to the dividend since we initiated it in 2013 and as yesterday’s closing price represents a 2.2% dividend yield. With this increase, our annualized dividend will be $875 million, which demonstrates our conviction on the durability and sustainability of the Delta business model. In closing, we believe we are on track to deliver topline growth and margin expansion in the back half of the year, while we continue to be prudent with our capital. This will allow us to produce these durable earnings and cash flows, and unlock additional value for our owners. With that, I’d like to turn the call back over to Jill to begin the Q&A.
Paul Jacobson: Sure. Good morning, Dan. Thanks for joining us. The share count as reported is a weighted average calculation and as we repurchased stock through the quarter, the weighted average was impacted by the fact that we had contributed $350 million of equity to the pension plan at the end of March. So if you’re looking for the benefit of the buyback, if you look to the quarter end shares outstanding, it was actually down about 12 million shares. It was just a nuance with the weighted calculation due to the timing of that contribution.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, Duane. It’s Paul. Good morning. What we’ve said is the normalization effect was about $130 million per quarter. So, give or take, so that if you assume that was all out there, you’d be left with about $125 million to $130 million of cost remaining in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind that this doesn’t really impact the second half conversation, overall, we’re just trying to take out some of the volatility between those two quarters, given the discrepancy in the retroactive piece.
Paul Jacobson: On an actual basis it would be down significantly because of the $475 million charge that we took in the 4Q last year.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Savi. It’s Paul. I think that we had said previously that the refinery was expected to be about $100 million for the year. That’s probably down slightly based on the environmental compliance. I think we’ve got about $30 million to-date. I would say it’s probably going to be down slightly from that $100 million but we’re still expecting it to be profitable for the rest of the year.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, Joe. It’s Paul. I’ll take a shot at that, too. I mean, keep in mind that that -- when we talk about that value, we are talking about it in a cash context. The noise comes about from how frequent flyer miles are recognized through the P&L where there’s a piece that gets to come through now and a piece that has to be deferred over time. That value is split between predominantly revenue from the sale of miles to third parties but also some in the cost side through efficiencies that we’re able to get as a sizable partner. So I think we’ve taken the point and we continue to look at ways to talk about that and disclose that a little bit more clearly in a balanced way, but the value is cash value.
Paul Jacobson: … add, Joe, keep in mind too that that’s both on the revenue and the cost line. It’s not all coming through sale.
Glen Hauenstein: Sure. Great question. The -- we continue on the path and really it’s not new initiatives. It’s doing the initiatives we’ve already announced in a better way and bringing them to a broader audience, and just within this quarter, for example, we expanded the ability in post purchase, that was in May, to actually buy a ticket and then say if you’re a business customer and you want to sit in a different cabin then you’re allowed to by your company, you can purchase that in a post purchase transaction. We’ve seen about an $80 million uptick for that on an annual run rate basis. Starting this month or this past month in June, we now for elites are allowing them to use their miles to sit in the cabins they want and we believe that will contribute another $50 million to $100 million on a run rate basis as we continue to expand those types of programs. And I think there when you think about that these are new and innovative programs that require a lot of programming, because you have to distribute them through a lot of different means and our ability to continue to focus on bringing the products and services that we have in the market to a broader and broader audience is going to drive our ability to monetize our Premium products more in the next year.
Glen Hauenstein: Jamie, I think I’m pretty enthusiastic about how the first half of the year has shaped up relative to the capacity levels that are in the Transatlantic. And what we’ve seen is really a higher demand in the business cabin on a year-over-year basis and it’s not insignificant, it’s a relatively significant increase. So we read a lot about European business sector picking up and we’re really seeing that in the travel to and from Europe. So we have a couple of things that are developing that are positive for us. The euro is at a multiyear high here. We have business demand and a very, very solid position. As you know, July and August are not very big business months in Europe, so we’ve been able to offset that with higher U.S. point-of-sale. But relatively encouraged at the trends that we see as we go into the fall that those should be quite beneficial, higher euro, higher business demand as you get into more business-oriented months.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I’m going let Steve speak to the corporate sector and the other focus we have is not only to ensure that our customers are getting the right seats, but the corporations can sell up into Comfort+ and even first class and I think that’s where we’re seeing a bit, even more success as we move forward and I’ll turn the rest of that answer to Steve.
Glen Hauenstein: That’s a great question. And I’d say that we’re very excited about our 2018 results in the Pacific. This is the last real year of a multiyear transition and thanks to our Pacific team and Ed’s direction, we’ve got what we need in place now with the Korean joint venture to really produce a competitive and an improving Pacific operation over the next couple years. So it was -- when you think about the merger with Northwest, 100% of our capacity was routed through Tokyo and Narita at the time of the merger. And now as you think forward is, we have a very diversified portfolio, we have multiple hubs and we’re really at the endpoints of the restructuring and looking forward to very much improved 2018 in the Pacific.
Glen Hauenstein: We’re very excited about that cabin and that cabin will be expanding, and yes, we are -- the fares are where we think they were in the business case and the demand is very strong for the initial. Remember, we really don’t have very many seats available in that category on Delta, of course, we do in Air France and KLM and really, one of the big advantages for all of the programming work that’s gone into being just able to sell that fare is we can better display our partners’ offerings today and be able to offer Comfort+ and Premium Select in most markets now.
Glen Hauenstein: I think we -- what we’ve said is we believe we’re in the early stages of optimizing that, because when you’re bringing new products and services to market, you have so many things you have to figure out through distribution, through pricing, through customer adoption. And these products are very young in the longer scheme of how airlines have sold tickets and we believe there are multiple years of continued upside opportunity for us that will accelerate at a different rate than base passenger revenues.
Glen Hauenstein: We see more of the opportunities remaining in domestic for the short term and we’ll continue to evaluate the trends. The stability in the international marketplace is other than Latin which has actually been the most stable, is a relatively new phenomenon and so we’re going to monitor that. And as we -- as Ed said, as we look at what we achieve in 2017 that will help guide what we set our objectives to be for 2018.
Glen Hauenstein: This is Glen and let me take a stab on that and maybe Ed would like to close if I leave any holes in the answer is, I think, the way that we look at this is the hard acquisitions continued to achieve record results without significant change to the program. And I think there’s been a lot of talk at other carriers who have announced fare increases, but we have been in a dynamic pricing environment now for multiple years. And I think that’s one of the successes of our card in the marketplace is that there are incredible value propositions for customers out there who acquire and use our cards, and we have no intention to degrade the total value proposition. We may adjust on the margin the valuation of peak seats versus off peak seats or particular days versus, but the value we’re creating seems to be greater and greater and I think that’s being recognized on the marketplace by -- really when you would think that the market was probably saturated with airline revenue cards that we have posted three acquisition record years in a row and we’re on track to produce another this year. So consumers are enjoying the products and services that we buy and they’re continuing to apply at record numbers. And our team’s done a great job and we have lots of innovation space coming in that space in the last half of the year.
Glen Hauenstein: That’s what we’ve said in the comments, is that the strength in business demand has offset most of the leisure yield weakness.
Glen Hauenstein: Yeah. That’s a very exciting new program and as we think about new ways for people to use their miles, we really don’t want them to save them forever. We want them to control their own travel experience and find value in them today as opposed to just storing them away. And so for our highest Elites, we now offer that program. It’s limited to reservations only now, but we’re planning to bring that to the other distribution channels. And when we say continuing to expand all of our products and services to as many distributions networks as possible, I think, that’s indicative of how we see the value that we’re going to create through these products and services expand over the next few years by bringing them to broader and broader audiences, and allowing people to control their own travel experience. And so on a more broad perspective, we’re actually excited about using miles for all ancillary revenues, not just for seat products, but for things like unaccompanied minor fees or pets in cabin and really make that currency come more and more alive to our customer base.
Ed Bastian: Got it. Yes. We are, I think, I said such in my prepared remarks that we’re anticipating being in the low end of that 16% to 18% this year.
Ed Bastian: We’re not angling to get in and control any of our foreign investors or vestees or partnerships. What we’ve got here, Hunter is historically through the JVs and the partnerships they’ve been contractual commercial arrangements and what we have seen is our ability to drive value is much greater once you get inside the boardroom than it is through a pure contract in terms of aligning ownership and driving value in a consistent manner and being able to invest truly for the long-term together. We’ve seen that in Aeromexico, which drove the higher-level investment. We’ve seen that in GOL. We’ve seen that in Virgin Atlantic, certainly. And so I think over time, you might see us continue to go down that path, but no, I don’t think in our future, certainly, not in the next five years to 10 years I don’t see the foreign ownership rules changing dramatically.
Ed Bastian: Thanks, Helane. Yeah. There’s been a lot of work that’s being done in Washington around the ATC reform topic and, yes, we at the table. We are working constructively with Chairman Shuster. We’re not philosophically opposed to privatization for privatization sake. What we want to do is make certain that we have the proper governance, transparency and cost efficiency to drive the reforms needed in the next air traffic control system that gets modernized and we’re in full support of the President’s agenda to invest and modernize the systems.
Ed Bastian: Savi, hi. This is Ed. It’s a good question. It’s interesting, we -- while we do see the competition improving, which we think is a good thing. We continue to improve as well. So we’re not -- the bar continues to get higher and one of the things that will drive continued improvement in Delta is the investment that we are making in new fleet over the next few years. We’ve replaced 25% of our total fleet over the last five years. We’ll probably replace another 20% to 25% of our fleet in just the next three years coming as we retire the MD88s by 2020 and we start to reduce reliance on some of our older fleet types, 747 is going out this year as well. So I think that is certainly something that we anticipate not just from a reliability perspective, but the financial performance of the new aircraft. We’re bringing in the 321s, the 739s are at or above expectations and they will be a big source of additional margin contribution for us into the future.
Ed Bastian: Sure, Rajeev. We’re still operating with the plan we have in place for 2017 which is the overall 1% growth for the year. I know there’s -- out in the schedules there’s a little more capacity in the backend of the year that are going to continue to be refined as we get closer and you’ll see some of that schedule firm up and some reductions take place. But we’re -- the plan is the 1% and that continues to be our goal for the year. And then when we get to the end of the year as we look at where our margins will be and we will anticipate being, as I said earlier, at the low end of the 16% to 18% long-term margin guidance, we’ll evaluate the 2018 capacity schedule.
Ed Bastian: Joe, if I could try one other thing. Yeah, I think the points you’ve been raising over the last year are good ones and we need to continue to find better ways to communicate the sources of value that we drive, while we have to respect the confidentiality of our agreements with American Express, we can do a better job of laying out some of the value that we are creating and the sustainability of that value. So this coming Investor Day that we’ll have in December, we’re going to do a -- we are going to take a shot at that and hopefully that’ll give us a good opportunity to get the message out a little more clear.
Ed Bastian: Just to add, that assumes volume growth, that assumes -- I mean there’s a lot of stuff in there. It’s not a contractual agreement. There’s a lot of assumptions that go into making that up. So assuming we hit our plan and Amex hits their plan and that is what we’re on a good path towards, that would be the end result.
Ed Bastian: And, Joe, this is Ed. The only other thing I’d add to Glen’s remarks are from an Amex perspective, I know we are the leading growth vehicle in their co-brand portfolios by a large margin and the partnership continues to be in a really great place. We issued more free tickets this year than any time in our history and I think the program’s in a really solid position.
Ed Bastian: The answer is a little bit of both. For high demand 76-seat long range RJ markets, we’re going to -- that will probably be the first selection. That will free the two class RJs to replace 50-seat airplanes that are continuing to exit the fleet and then we’ll certainly have a few new markets next year. We don’t have a lot of new airplanes -- net new airplanes coming, but having 100-seat long range jet does open up some new market opportunity that we don’t have today.
Ed Bastian: Well, the first one’s going to go to New York. I won’t tell you where it’s going go, but it’ll start New York.
Ed Bastian: Ted, is this Ed. I was appalled to hear Akbar’s comments about our people. I’m told he has apologized, but I think that’s locally inadequate. I think it goes -- there’s a consistent theme there that he continues to want to skirt the rules and play by his own rules and I’m glad the employee is not just of Delta, but of all the U.S. carriers spoke with one large voice to say that it’s unacceptable, inappropriate. We have the best flight attendants in the world at Delta and I’m very proud of them.
Ed Bastian: Well, we can’t comment on the dispute that’s going on between Bombardier and Boeing. We’ll let that play out. But what I can tell you is that we have no -- we do not intend to slow down any of the deliveries that we have planned for the C Series. We’ll be taking our first this coming spring and we look forward to taking that aircraft and beyond that I’ll let -- let’s see how the dispute between those two parties comes together.
