Richard Anderson: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.  Delta earned a $765 million profit for the September quarter with an operating margin of 11%. We offset the majority of this quarter's $1 billion increase in fuel price with a 10% increase in top line revenue. Delta's overall capacity was down 1% in the quarter. We experienced strong demand, particularly from corporate customers, which drove our unit passenger revenues up 11% from prior year. We continue to see strong demand in the fourth quarter. We ran a good operation with top tier operational performance in baggage service on-time completion factor, which resulted in a 40% reduction in DOT compliance year-on-year. As a result, Delta people earned $15 million in shared rewards for the quarter. Business Travel News just recognized our accomplishments by ranking Delta number one in its annual airline survey based on the overall highest ratings by corporate travel buyers. Delta also won awards as the Best Carrier for Business and Travel Agent Support from Recommend Magazine, a leading travel agent publication. These accomplishments are a direct reflection of the dedication of Delta employees worldwide and their commitment to building a leading global airline. I want to thank them for all of their good work. We're on track to have another good profit-sharing payment for 2011. And while we're pleased with this quarter's performance, we have much work ahead. For the second year in a row, we have proven that economic turbulence and inflated fuel prices will not prevent Delta from good profitability and cash flow. We are determined to build a consistently profitable airline, one that can pay for wise investments through operating cash flow and that consistently returns its cost of capital. To get there, we're focused on these key points: growing diversified revenues, treating our people well in a culture of positive employee relations, continuing our capacity discipline, keep our costs under control, running an airline customers worldwide prefer, deleveraging the business and limiting capital spending through investments with high IRRs. We've had good success in passing on high fuel costs through ticket prices at Delta, as higher revenues covered 85% of our fuel price increase. Delta must cover its fuel costs in ticket prices. Other fuel-intensive industries like railroads, trucking companies, utility operators and overnight express carriers routinely do so, and we must do the same at Delta. Delta is developing new products and services that customers value and will pay for. We are well on our way to a targeted $1 billion of additional merchandising revenue by 2013 through products like Economy Comfort, which we have announced that we're expanding to our domestic system next year. Our Ancillary and Cargo businesses provide good revenue diversification with annual revenues of approximately $2 billion. Second, Delta's culture and positive relationship with our employees is unique in this industry. We will always work to maintain that culture and take care of our people, so they provide good customer service. Third, we will be disciplined in capacity. We trimmed our December quarter capacity by 4% to 5% year-on-year with the trans-Atlantic down 10% to 12%, which is particularly important given the unrest in Europe. And those capacity cuts will roll forward into 2012. We're planning for 2012 capacity to be down 2% to 3% when compared to 2011. Fourth, we will keep costs under control. Our number one input cost is jet fuel. We will minimize its volatility with a hedging strategy that utilizes a cost-effective approach in selecting hedge instruments and products. This strategy saved us a $100 million this quarter from several fuel hedges, and we expect to save over $400 million for full year 2011. Our 4Q jet fuel cost will be $2.98 per gallon. Our non-fuel unit cost will be only modestly up in 4Q versus 2010 levels despite a 4% to 5% capacity reduction. We are resizing the airline by voluntary staff reductions and reducing fleet facilities and other assets in line with our capacity reductions, while at the same time improving productivity through better operations and technology. We are seeing maintenance savings as a result of the retirement of older aircraft. Lastly we are committed to the capital spending discipline and it is key to our debt reduction initiative. We plan to keep our annual capital spending between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion. Our adjusted net debt currently stands at $14 billion and we will reach the goal of $10 billion by mid 2013. So in conclusion we've made good progress toward our goal with an 8% return on invested capital for the last 12 months, despite a $3 billion increased fuel price. As we look out, our demand is good. We are seeing solid bookings in yields in 4Q, which will result in strong profitability in the December quarter. I'm happy to turn it over to Ed, so he can provide you the details.
Richard Anderson: Jamie, I'd make two points unique to Delta. One is, we've evolved our joint venture with Air France-KLM and Alitalia to the point now, where we really are seriously jointly planning the capacity at all the airlines together, which is taking a while to evolve to that, where you really treat it as a single network. And the second piece is when passengers do get to the United States from those networks, the KLM, Air France and Alitalia network, all of that traffic is on Delta. So we're really the exclusive partner for all the feed that comes off of those networks. So those two pieces are pretty important from our perspective in terms of our being able to continue to improve our unit revenues across the trans-Atlantic.
Richard Anderson: Bill, let me just add one thing to that, that you should bear in mind. When you look at the annualization of where we are pulling capacity, it's in places that make really good sense. So we pulled capacity out of the Middle East and Eastern Europe. And we're keeping much of that traffic as I said earlier, we're really the exclusive partner of our joint venture in the U.S., so we can still carry that traffic, it just goes over Paris, Amsterdam or Rome. But pulling out of some of the Eastern European markets, given the economic turmoil and pulling out of a number of the Middle East markets because of political unrest, and then taking those actions from 2011 and annualizing them over 2012, represents a fair amount of what that capacity reduction is.
Richard Anderson: I think we've done well, as this quarter shows and what our fuel price outlook is. We're pretty private about how we manage our fuel risk, given the fact that there are counter parties and other parties that are involved in those transactions.
Richard Anderson: Well, first Pierre-Henri Gourgeon made a lot of contributions to Air France and a lot of contributions to our joint venture. And you know, we wish him well in his retirement. But at the core, Jean-Cyril Spinetta and Leo van Wijk had been and continue to be Chairman and Deputy CEO. Leo is Deputy CEO and Jean-Cyril is the Chairman and CEO. And we did our first joint venture agreement with Jean-Cyril back five years ago. So it's business as usual and I think we are going to continue to mature and involve that model so that we treat the trans-Atlantic joint venture as a single network. We're planning and pricing in yield management and distribution decisions.
Richard Anderson: I don't know that we have a final read yet. Obviously, we think it's in the long-term interest of the industry to have a long-term reauthorization that hopefully reduces our taxes and funds an air traffic control system that allows for the industry to operate efficiently. So we don't have any more prognosis than what you have in terms of the press reports this morning from Chairman Mica.
Richard Anderson: No, Helane. That's totally unrelated and we don't have any intentions to have any layoffs as a result. We give you a little bit of background. Those monies were not borrowed from the airport or the State of Minnesota. Those are private bondholders that were issued general airport revenue bonds. So it's a private loan with bondholders who are holding in essence a bond that pays very high interest rate. It's a secured transaction and I think it pays 8.5% interest on good security. So it's just make good sense. When you look at our de-levering initiatives, as you would guess, we try to find the instruments that are callable and have the highest interest rate, particularly in relation to the value of the collateral. And this was just at the top of the list. So the most important thing we can actually do for our employee is, is pay down high-cost secured debt. And that's really all we are doing. We are very committed to Minnesota. The hub is going incredibly well and the employees there are great. So we've made a lot of investments there. And we'll continue to make a lot of investments there.
Richard Anderson: Well, I think I used the word evolution. We had always jointly planned capacity at each one of the airlines. But now we are really viewing it in a much more sophisticated and integrated way, because we now have integrated distribution on both sides of the Atlantic. We've been able to hook up the systems the way that systems need to be hooked up on both the reservations and yield management side. And we now have integrated yield management and pricing on the trans-Atlantic both from U.S. point-of-sale and European point-of-sale. So it's an evolution and we are just getting to a higher level of sophistication.
Hank Halter: Thanks Ed, and good morning, everyone.  Turing to cost performance for the September quarter, Delta's operating expenses increased $1 billion or 13%. We experienced $1 billion gross fuel price pressure, which was offset by benefits from our settled hedge portfolio and lower consumption. Our all-in fuel cost per gallon for September quarter was $3.09, up about 35% from last year. Consolidated non-fuel unit cost increased 3% versus prior year on a 1% decline in capacity, due primarily to higher revenue-related expenses and foreign exchange impacts. These two items accounted for 2 points of the increase. Excluding those two items, our core non-fuel unit cost increase was 1%. Our non-operating expenses included $31 million loss on foreign exchange in September quarter and we ended September quarter with $5.1 billion of unrestricted liquidity. Related to capital spending for the September quarter, our CapEx was $220 million, including $195 million in aircraft parts and modifications. And net debt maturities were $200 million during September quarter, reflecting continued progress towards our debt reduction goal of $10 billion adjusted net debt by mid-2013. With regard to our December quarter cost performance, we remain committed to the challenging effort of reducing capacity and unit cost at the same time. For the December quarter, we currently expect our non-fuel unit cost to be flat-to-up 2% on a 4% to 5% capacity reduction. This increase reflects roughly 1 point of pressure related to revenue related cost and foreign exchange. Through a series of initiatives we have in place to bring our non-fuel unit cost flat to 2010 levels, we expect our cost performance will improve throughout the course of the December quarter and all areas of the business will contribute to our improved cost performance. First of all, we're continuing to retire our most maintenance intensive aircraft, contributing to an expected double-digit percentage decline in maintenance cost on a year-over-year basis. By the end of this year, we will have removed more then 70 aircraft from our fleet, including our entire Saab turboprop fleet, 50-seat regional jets, older Boeing 757s and 15 DC-9s. We have consolidated facilities in Atlanta, Minneapolis, Memphis and Cincinnati to minimize our real-estate footprint and we are aggressively working to sell vacant space. We're bringing our headcount down by over 2,000 employees by the end of this year as a result of voluntary programs, which is equal to 5% of eligible employees. In addition to the voluntary programs, we're also streamlining our administrative staff. We're lowering our distribution cost by continued investment in customer shift to delta.com, which is now our largest distribution channel. Within the North American market, roughly 40% of tickets are sold on delta.com. And finally, we're further tightening overhead and discretionary spending. Turning to fuel and hedging, for the September quarter, our consolidated all-in fuel price was $3.09, up $0.80 from prior year. During the quarter we realized settled hedge gains of $97 million or $0.09 per gallon. As Ed mentioned earlier, we recorded $208 million charge for non-cash mark-to-market losses on our open fuel hedges. Since we do not use fuel hedge accounting, we'll continue to record future changes in market value until the hedge is settled. However, with the changes in the fuel market in the past weeks, the value of our hedge book has moved from $120 million loss as of September 30, to a $130 million gain as of yesterday. And for the December quarter, we are hedged for a substantial portion of our fuel consumption and expect our all-in fuel price to be $2.98 per gallon. I'd like to conclude by thanking the Delta team for their efforts in running a reliable operation this quarter, while at the same time generating a $765 million profit and a revenue premium to the industry. These results would not have been possible without their hard work and efforts.
Hank Halter: I think, Jamie, last year remember with the networks coming together, I think, looking, trying to compare last summer to this summer's headcount, there's a bit of noise there. Our voluntary program that was completed in the third quarter, those headcount started exiting towards the beginning of September. They will all be gone by the end of the fourth quarter and it was primarily after we get out of the shoulder, get into the shoulder season, but no, the take rate on that was as we expected. And the headcount that you see running the airline now is the appropriate level, given the flying that we're doing.
Hank Halter: The earlier question tried to get into what was driving the strategy. As Richard said, we prefer that to remain with Delta when we report the results. On the forward look for the fourth quarter, we've got obviously a bulk of the fuel purchase for the quarter. So we're largely locked down and feel pretty good about the estimate we gave you of $2.98. For 2012, we're about 40% hedged for the first half of the year and about 15% to 20% for the back half of the year at rates at or below today's market level.
Hank Halter: I would just add to that that we had a very strong 3Q in the Pacific. And the second piece of that is we've been very successful in over flying Japan, to other points in China and Asia. And lastly, we have really put a big investment in our premium product and our economy comfort products. So we have a great product, great network, and we had outstanding financial performance in the quarter.
Hank Halter: Okay, thank you very much. That wraps it up. Thank you, Richard, Ed and team and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We'll see many of you in December at our Investor Day on 14th. Otherwise we'll be talking with you in January when we do the Q4 results as well as yearend results. That concludes the call. Thank you.
Ed Bastian: I do think there is going to be more work to do as we get into 2012. Certainly, we're pleased with the work that we're already doing and I think our fourth quarter guidance reflects that. If you adjust out for the third quarter, the impact of the higher revenue related cost and the foreign exchange impact on our cost, actually in the third quarter we’re at 1% effective overall year-on-year non-fuel run rate. And if you look at, and do that same math, in the fourth quarter we're actually less than 1% in growth relative to 2010. So I think we're on the path, 2012 will certainly bring some new cost pressures, some inflationary cost pressure across the business. I don't know that, we haven't given guidance specific to 2012 for the full year, other than that's our long-term goal to get back to the 2010 levels. And I feel confident over the next 12 to 18 months, we'll get there.
Ed Bastian: I'd say it's actually just the opposite. 2011 had some unique cost elements to it, because of some higher maintenance levels and the full integration of the two airlines, and what we needed to do get the operation fully performing. But I'd say if you look at our track record over the last four years, from 2007 through 2010, Gary, you would see our non-fuel CASM was right at that 8.25, 8.3 level. And we think that's a sustainable level to target for the future, as we up-gauge our network as you mentioned. We reduced inefficient small gauge aircraft and continue to bring technology to improve productivity.
Ed Bastian: No. It's not, Mike. It's taking some more of the regional jets out and shifting a little bit (inaudible). We have a modest slow growth into South America. So it's a modest shift and there are no strategic changes.
Ed Bastian: I want to echo what Richard and Glen both mentioned. While the trans-Atlantic showed some softening, continued softening relative to the overall system, trans-Atlantic is still growing in terms of its unit revenue performance. And our corporate volumes are strong. I don't have it broken out by region per se, but let me give you a couple sound bites. If you look at the overall banking sector, which I think is what your question was, our bookings over the last four weeks in the banking sector across the board were down about 4% on a forward-looking basis. However, over that same timeframe, our bookings in the consulting and business service firms, which account for us were more than two-and-a-half times the revenue than our banks do, were up 24%. So while the banking situation has a trend of softness to it, our overall corporate revenue streams are very strong.
Ed Bastian: I think clearly part of it is being cautious. And it is as much in the face of high fuel prices, as it is in the face of any strains of economic weakness that we're seeing in the business. Certainly, if we do see some strains of economic weakness, reduced capacity is going to help. We're obviously in a lot of dialog with our corporate customers or corporate agencies, as to what their thoughts are, relative to 2012. And since most of those companies are right now in the planning process for next year, the information we are getting from them is that they are anticipating modest growth in corporate travel next year, probably something in the mid-single digit range, which when you take that coupled with the share gains that we're earning this year for Delta should position us nicely for another solid year of corporate revenue activity, so cautious outlook on fuel price, which is driving more of this supply restraint. We still expect corporate revenues to be strong into the next year and as a result should set up nicely for us for our earnings picture.
Ed Bastian: Point of sales Japan were largely back already, Bill. U.S. point-of-sales to Japan were down somewhere in the 10% to 15% range from where we were pre-earthquake levels, and we see that continuing to improve as we move forward.
Ed Bastian: We don't believe there has been any share shift at Delta corporate travel as a result of whatever the allegations between Sabre and AMR are. We see sustainable trends going forward, and I don't think that accounts for any share shift we see.
Glen Hauenstein: Jamie, I think what you see is that the summer holiday season extends through the end of October, and given the recession that’s occurring in Europe, there was a lot of industry capacity growth that ran all the way through the month of October. As you see in November that comes much more in line with what we think the real GDP is. So we're back to close to zero growth in the trans-Atlantic for the winter IATA season. And we think that bodes well for the winter season, which as you know is historically the worst. So I think October may have been the worst of it, but in terms of year-over-year performance, the winter in Europe is never very good.
Glen Hauenstein: I think what we saw in September all the way through the booking curve, which was also in May, was that the shoulder seasons of May and September, all through the booking curves stood out. And so if you look at the whole quarter, what we are seeing sequentially from the third quarter to the fourth quarter is really relatively stable in terms of what we expect the quarter to come in at. And it was just really the mix between the months that we're looking at. So I would say September and I can't give you all the reasons why September was an outlier or I can't give you all the reasons why May was an outlier. Part of it was the baseline was particularly weak. But it looks like a very stable environment through the third quarter and the fourth quarter in terms of aggregate quarterly results.
Glen Hauenstein: I think what you've seen is really remarkable is that we've been able to recover the fuel price pretty much as we went through the year. The first quarter because of the quick runoff, we were behind because we had sold a lot of the tickets before fuel ran. But as we're coming into the third and fourth quarter, you're seeing the pricing environment be very, very robust. And as experienced by the fare increase we went through, this past week and one that's out there floating today. So I think we've been able to make it across the board. And I think it's a remarkable testament to the durability of the model.
Glen Hauenstein: And from the financial perspective, while there is grabs and pulls [ph] as you began any new market, we believe that the transaction will be accretive in the first year of operation. So I think that's all the color we've given on that.
Glen Hauenstein: We are looking at the financial performance real time on this. And it seems to be doing better with a reduced frequency level. And so we'll continue with that and analyze that as the data comes in. Of course, we're not really in the peak yet. We've got December and January to come in and I think it'd be a better question to ask next spring.
Ed Bastion: Yes, Helane, just real quick. We're making great progress out there. We're on track for opening in spring of 2013, and it's going to be a great facility. So we look forward to having you out there.
Ed Bastion: I'll take it as I mentioned the stats. The shift – the first question is, is that share shift or is that just increased spending levels. And I'll say it's both. We're gaining considerable amount of share as we continue investing our product and technology, the benefits of the merger and having the integration behind it. So you're seeing both. The overall demand levels grow as well as the demand towards Delta grow. On 2012, obviously it’s still early stages for some of the companies as they are setting the plans for the New Year. But I would say most of the corporates we deal with are taking a cautious outlook, but realize that their travel needs are going to continue to grow into the New Year. And we'll be ready to serve them.
Ed Bastion: The holidays look strong. We obviously have some reduced capacity out there into the fourth quarter due to the higher fuel price levels, but the holidays for us are still pretty good.
Ed Bastion: No, we don't anticipate at this time any additional reductions. If we do have additional reductions, they will be voluntary reductions. We typically do not with our front line employees have any voluntary reductions as a matter of policy.
Ed Bastion: Well, I think that shift has already occurred, the capacity adjustments, since we're in a recovery mode as we speak. We reduced some of the flying that we were doing into Haneda, and we reduced some of the frequencies into Japan. But much of that capacity is back online at this point, and we expect next year to be a strong recovery year for us in the Japanese market.
