Glen Hauenstein: Well, first of all, we're very encouraged by -- you kind of characterized this global slowdown as all the same, and I'd like to put some qualifiers on there. We're actually quite excited about the Latin trajectory. If you recall, this is the first quarter after two quarters of it being negative that it's returned to positive, and we see Latin accelerating as we move into 1Q and then throughout the year. We see very solid returns in the domestic. And remember, last year was a really great year for the Transatlantic, one of the best years we've ever had. So being in the flattish in the off-peak season is really -- I wouldn't characterize it as something that we're fearful of, but we're going to keep a very close eye as we read all these papers and we read the current events, we see what's going on in France, the still uncertainty over Brexit finally coming to a head here, but we know the summer in Europe is going to be great with lower fuel prices, so we're really looking more towards the back-half of the year and do we need to make additional adjustments when we get past the summer peak, and we'll keep a close eye on that, and we'll report back to you.
Glen Hauenstein: And that's really just a timing issue of when they come in and when they go out. That should balance out throughout the year.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes, I think we're very confident. We had that little blip in December, right around the holiday. But as January and everybody came back from work we are back on track. And the corporate trends and the leisure demand look very similar to what we saw in the earlier part of 4Q.
Glen Hauenstein: No, I think you got one thing -- two things going on. One, is the base is increasing dramatically, so we didn't expect that we would be in the mid to high teens as the base continued to grow, and second is that the quarter had the least number of premium seats in it that we'll have over any quarter. So we were tracking at about plus eight on the premium seat count. This quarter was about plus four, and as we go into '19, that number will go back up to plus six. So your ability to sell premium is also related to the inventory you have and the 4Q number was the lowest inventory growth that we'll have for the next few quarters.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes, I think when you look at where we have been going into each one of the months in 2018 and into 2019, we've entered the months actually ahead in load factor. So we've actually become a little bit less reliant on the very close end demand, and that's really where we want to continue to position ourselves in '18 as with a little bit less risk on the table as we head into each one of the months.
Glen Hauenstein: Right. We're trying to quantify that right now. As you might imagine, it's kind of difficult to figure out all of the implications because you have multiple dimensions there, but that's -- our estimate of $25 million includes all of those components. So it's not just…
Glen Hauenstein: Well, we don't comment on any potential negotiations. So I'll defer on the first one, but on the second one, we clearly have heard our investors that they want us to make sure that we hit our targets and we -- while we get hit inside the range, 3.2 is in the range of three to five we know that we lowered in order, and so we're examining that and I'd say we don't want to miss again, it's too painful for everybody.
Glen Hauenstein: We don't expect it to have a meaningful impact on the unit cost guide in either the quarter or the year.
Glen Hauenstein: Yes, we expect that we'll continue to grow in premium products and services more than we grow the base fare products. So, if you think about our total growth of 4% to 6% next year that would indicate that we are growing significantly higher on the premium product side. So, probably close to that 10% to 15% as we have in the past few years.
Ed Bastian: Well, I think there's two things we should talk about in that question, and the first is the disparity between the higher ending corporate travel and the lower ending leisure. The spread between those, absent other premium products, is at an all-time low. If you think about what's happened over the past couple of years, leisure fares have continued to increase, and we've had very stubborn corporate yields. And while we return to 2016 levels, we're still far off the peaks that occurred many, many years back. So if you think about the last cycle or some of the big cycles, we had really big differentials in the realized fare from corporate versus leisure, and those at a macro level have never been closer if you were thinking how does the next cycle play out. So, I think that's a very big issue we need to talk more about because that should make it, the whole industry, a lot less cyclical. And then in the premium products, I think if there was a tick down in demand, we're more than confident that all of the new products and services and the way we're distributing and the broadness that we're able to offer, including their Pay with Miles feature and things like that, we would be able to offset weakness in demand by bringing new ways to buy the product into the marketplace. So really confident on both those, and we should probably talk more about that as we move through the year. We hear a lot of your concerns about where we are in the cycle, and while we haven't really seen any weakness in domestic, we are mindful that we are many years into this expansion, and eventually we will face a recessionary or contractionary environment, and we're planning for it, and we'll tell you more about why we feel so confident that we will weather the next cycle so much better.
Ed Bastian: No, most of that -- all of it is stage lengt,h because in China, as you know, we discontinued the Narita to Shanghai route, and replaced it with Atlanta to Shanghai, so the RASM, while it's lower, the profit potentials are significantly higher, and so that's what driving a slightly negative Chinese unit revenue, but all based on stage length.
Ed Bastian: Andrew, this is Ed. No, we're not seeing any evidence that before looking at this extended shutdown as anything other than something that's going to be resolved hopefully soon.
Ed Bastian: Catherine, this is Ed. We're not going to speculate what's going to happen with the government shutdown. We commented on the $25 million, so people can see what the current run rate is. It's one of the risks that we considered in coming up with our overall unit revenue guide, but I don't think we should get that level of precision into the guidance.
Ed Bastian: Andrew, this is Ed. We're not seeing a meaningful impact. The operations are running on schedule, on time, our team is doing a great job of working with the TSA to help the cues moving forward. I mentioned earlier today that the TSA published yesterday they had an unscheduled absence rate of 7% that compares to a 3% rate. They typically run, so it's in isolated airports we are having some longer lines, but it's not a system-wide issue at all, and to the extent that customers are impacted by delayed lines, we are re-accommodating them and getting them to their destinations in good manner.
Ed Bastian: We are not anticipating that outcome. That's probably the short answer. We are not leaving any money on the table. We are not going to be canceling routes or flights. We will just delay the introduction of that specific aircraft type.
Ed Bastian: And Mary, this is Ed, just to affirm, we had a great Christmas, all time record in terms of volume that we carry. So, it wasn't a lull. It was just the impact on pricing was a little softer than we anticipated, but it was a very very strong Christmas and holiday season for us.
Ed Bastian: Good morning. We have continued with that process and have received some interest and having discussions with parties. There is no update on the strategy broadly as we articulated. We are looking for ways to enhance the value and the strategic value to Delta of the refinery through a partnership, and those discussions can be complicated, but right now, we are focused on running and operating the refinery as efficiently as we can. We just came out of a major turnaround investment that is done every five to six years. And the refinery is running quite well. So, nothing needed in terms of enhancing the performance.
Ed Bastian: Absolutely. So, we take a wide variety of crude. Sometimes we swing domestically and some internationally, and we have the logistics to be able to take advantage of that as those opportunities present themselves.
Paul Jacobson: Sure, Savi. Good morning, and thanks for that question. There are two big impacts year-over-year with Trainer, one is the difference in gasoline cracks, they're trading at pretty historic lows right now, which is putting some pressure on the production at Trainer on a year-over-year basis. The second was we benefited last year from a slight revaluation of a RINs liability that we were holding from 2017. So with those lower RINs prices -- RINs have been traded relatively flat. We've satisfied our 2017 and '18 obligation to date, so that's a smaller impact, but it's primarily driven by those lower gasoline cracks, which we expect should reverse over the year, especially as we get in to summer season.
Paul Jacobson: Sure. Good morning, Joe. We've come out of 2018 with a lot of momentum that we expect to continue into 2019, so I'm optimistic on our One Delta initiatives in particular as we continue to progress and get better at that enterprise level of thinking, but I'm also optimistic about the fleet efficiencies that we'll get. We'll take approximately 60 airplanes in the first-half of the year, and as that phases in over time we start to realize some of those efficiencies going forward. So again, I reiterate the optimism in conveyed at investor day, feel very confident about our 1% goal and the timing of maintenance was fully expected in that when we gave that guidance on a quarterly basis.
Paul Jacobson: Sure, Hunter. So as you know, the pension plan has a pretty long life, and with a approximate 9% expected return, we tend to be heavily weighted toward equities. It was a challenging year in the equity markets across the board, but particularly in global stocks around emerging markets, et cetera. We're always looking at ways to tweak that, but we do that through a lens of a long-term expected return matching that, that liability profile. So be careful not to overreact, but at the same time we want to manage that exposure prudently.
Paul Jacobson: I think you're right in your assumption that they'll be primarily focused on the coastal gateways as opposed to the interior hubs where we can drive more cost efficiency and higher volumes.
Paul Jacobson: Sure, Joe. Good morning. The 9% expected return assumption is at the high end of corporate plans, but remember that our plan is unique, not only to Delta in the airline industry, but to all corporate plans because of airline relief. So what we have done is taken an approach where we've proactively funded with a little bit more of an aggressive return profile, because we have the time to do that with airline relief with having fully met our minimum obligations through 2024. So, it has always been in our plans that we would work on reducing the risk in that portfolio as we get closer to fully funded, but what I would say is the long-term returns of that plan, as we've thought about it over the last 10 years have been wholly consistent with that strategy of trying to drive a better funded status through both contributions and investment returns, and that will change over time, but there's no change contemplated in the rate in 2019.
Paul Jacobson: Oh, of course, the way we build our forecast is really what's happening in the last few weeks versus what happened in the last few months versus what's happened in the last few years. So, it's a very complicated mathematical equation, and for those that have longer booking windows, we clearly take that into account.
Paul Jacobson: As we talked about, David, non-op expense is going to be pretty even throughout the year, that pressure from the pension gets spread evenly throughout the year. So, it should be pretty consistent.
Paul Jacobson: I think it was really specific to the long period between Thanks Giving and Christmas. And it wasn't corporate. It was really just an across the board lull. As you know, once every seven years this occurs where the first day of the year is on a Thursday in November and creates the very longest possible period between the holidays. I think you are seeing a lot of people talk about this, not only in our industry where that long period probably is not advantage for airlines or retail. So, next year it moves again and it will move a lot closer. And we are not expecting that to recur. And yet, all the trends did go online right after the holidays.
Paul Jacobson: We are not going to get in all those details. It's primarily the Airbus 220, yes, but as Gil mentioned earlier, the 330neo could also be impacted here.
Paul Jacobson: On the revenue estimate, $25 million is what we are seeing in the month of January. Obviously if it was to continue, we think that's in order of magnitude number, but we don't know what those impacts could be, and we're not seeing any significant operational challenges. The introduction of new aircraft pipes for us is primarily is the Airbus 220 and 330neo. And that's where our concerns are limited to.
Paul Jacobson: We're not seeing any meaningful change. Certainly, the on-boarding is delayed a little bit for any new hires in that space. But again, it's something hopefully that we are going to be moving through relatively quickly. We are not making any changes in our producers.
Paul Jacobson: We're not seeing that. The $25 million estimate we gave for the month of January is inclusive of all the above -- all those factors.
Paul Jacobson: It's government contractors and any knock-out effects that can we see that are related to that; the best that we can tell.
Gil West: Yes, this is Gil West. Just a couple of comments on cargo; first, the cargo business had an exceptionally strong year in 2018, as you probably know, revenues were up over $100 million or 16% as Glen mentioned, due large part to the yield performance. So despite lapping some pretty challenging comps year-over-year, we're seeing yield performance continue to hold strong. We do see some volume pressures, some geography to that, as you allude to, that's occurring. But I will say revenue growth, while it's moderating, is still up single digits driven primarily by yield performance.
Gil West: I think you've got to think about what's going on with the tariffs in the more macro sense, and how people are trying to offset tariffs with it. They're using air or sea and I think we could always look at leading economic indicators, but we are very, very close when we look at that passenger revenue side, and we don't see the same trends translating into the passenger revenue side, and I think we don't try to get ahead of ourselves, we try and size what their revenue is going to be as quickly as we can, and then we make the appropriate decisions.
Gil West: Gil. Of course, the A220, we've talked about, I think. There is some potential impact on some other fleets, namely, the A330900neos and it gets back into certification issues that we certify seats and crew rest and things of that nature, Wi-Fi systems that with the government shutdown become problematic for us. So there's not an immediate impact, but it certainly could have a impact, downstream, on us.
Gil West: Duane, I think you're overthinking it. We're not expecting this to be an extended delay and the primary aircraft the initial 220s are replacing are really long range two class RJs of course, some MD-80s as well.
Gil West: Sure. This is Gil. So, our MRO business and TechOps, you know, again had a great year in 2018. They pushed a little over 700 million, up a 100 million year-over-year. We see a similar trend in 2019, a little more moderated growth, but still pushing probably close to 800 million. Longer term though, as you probably know, we've made investments in our capabilities, new engine shop, new test sell, all that as a foundation to introduce two new engine type fleets into our MRO that work the gear turbo fan Pratt Whitney engine and the Rolls Royce Trent series engine, and then longer term as that revenue ramps, we will see over a billion dollars a year incremental revenue from those two engine titles.
