Ed Bastian: Thanks, Jill. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today. Earlier Delta reported our full year results including a December quarter pretax profit of $1.4 billion which is up $240 million compared to last year. Our EPS in the quarter increased 31% to $1.70 with pretax margins expanding 140 basis points to 12.4%. The December quarter performance was a great finish to what was truly an outstanding year on all fronts. Strategically, with the American Express renewal and the announcement of LATAM and Wheels Up partnerships, operationally with best-in-class completion factor and on-time performance, and financially with industry leading revenue profits and cash flow. 2019 was the best year in our history. The top line grew 7.5% to $47 billion, positioning Delta as the largest carrier by revenue in the world. We delivered $6.2 billion in pretax income, an improvement of more than $1 billion over 2018, setting a new record for Delta and the U.S. airline industry. Full year earnings per share improved 30% over the prior year and we generated $4.2 billion of free cash flow with $3 billion returned to owners. These results simply would not be possible without the incredible work of our Delta team. I am pleased we'll recognize our employees' performance in 2019 with $1.6 billion in profit sharing. This marks the highest profit sharing in Delta's history and is the sixth consecutive year of $1 billion or more in profit sharing. We could not be happier for our people. For our customers, we continue to run the world's most reliable airline. We ended the year with 165 cancel-free days across the entire Delta branded system with 281 zero canceled days on our mainline operations, representing an entire month's worth of improvement over the record performance that we set in 2018. Recently, Delta was named 2019's Most On-Time North American airline by Flightglobal for the third year in a row. Exceptional operational performance along with unmatched customer service is why more people than ever are choosing to fly Delta. In 2019, we flew 204 million customers, a 6% increase over 2018. And over the last decade, we've significantly improved the quality and reliability of Delta's operations. And as a result, our customer satisfaction scores have more than tripled. Domestic Net Promoter Score is now regularly in the 50s, with nearly five point improvements over the course of 2019. Delta's continued investment in our operations, products, service, airports and technology are reshaping customers perception of our brand and our journey to improve continues daily, and we plan to keep climbing by powering our culture of service through technology. Last week, I had the honor of delivering the opening keynote address at the Consumer Electronics Show, where we outlined Delta's vision for the future of travel, unveiling innovative technologies to better serve customers and give our employees the best tools to use in the world. Delta is leading the industry in every dimension. In five short years, Delta will celebrate its 100th anniversary. It's amazing to think how far we've come, but even more exciting to look ahead. 2020 is off to a good start. The U.S. consumer and travel demand remain healthy, our brand has strong momentum, and we have a pipeline of commercial initiatives that support another year of revenue growth in excess of GDP. Consistent with our plan that we outlined at Investor Day last month, we expect to grow 2020 revenue by 4% to 6%. This is on top of the 15% growth that we've delivered over the last two years. Our full year earnings outlook of $6.75 to $7.75 per share positions Delta for the sixth straight year of pre-tax profits in excess of $5 billion. Free cash flow is also expected to remain strong at $4 billion in 2020. This would bring Delta's three year cumulative free cash flow to over $10 billion by the end of this year. By leveraging a solid financial foundation with increasingly diverse revenue streams and building brand momentum, we are demonstrating an unprecedented level of earnings and free cash flow consistency for this industry. This is enabling us to reinvest in our business at a level that others cannot match. This reinvestment is extending our competitive advantages and when combined with a great brand powered by the very best people in the business, we have the engine to drive meaningful long-term value for our customers, our employees and our owners. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Glenn and to Paul to go through the details of the quarter.
Ed Bastian: Hey, David. David, thanks. Yes. The capital that we spoke of at CES and the technology that we displayed is within the envelope that we've been working with in technology. One of the things that we've done over the last several years is upped our investment in technology, and we're now on a capital level running at about $500 million a year in technology. However, for the first couple of years of that, a lot of it was focused on infrastructure and resiliency and the data sets in data architecture that's now finally starting to be able to produce the type of technology and innovation that you're seeing. And so it's going to be more heavily weight going forward towards business and commercial application as compared to infrastructure. But it sits within the envelope we've been using.
Ed Bastian: I think it's both, David. Certainly the revenue opportunities are significant we do go through in this past year. We looked at what we thought our digital investments and new product offerings this year generated and we estimate about $200 million of incremental revenue, whether it be using SkyMiles as a currency to upsell, the new-generation shopping and booking tools that we have. Opportunities also sit on the cost front with better decision support in IROPs and optimizing the fleet and making certain that we're able to ensure that our crew are best utilized and any downtimes are minimized. And I could go on there's a long list of opportunities that we have. So I think it's going to be both a cost opportunity as well as a strong enhancement to the brand as we build closer and closer digital connections with our customers, 204 million customers a year. The only way you can build that connection with them at the personal level that they choose is digital and we're off to a great start.
Ed Bastian: Yes I think the only thing I'd add to that Helane, this is Ed, is we're certainly seeing some weakness as Glenn touched on in Asia with China issues and some of the tariff discussions that's bled over into Korea and a few of the other Asian economies. But fundamentally Glenn's right, the health of our businesses in the U.S. and the U. S. corporate is doing quite well.
Ed Bastian: It's an interesting way to put it Jamie. Listen, we take our ESG and very specifically our environmental and sustainability requirements and goals to heart. And hopefully you heard me not only at the Investor Day but also at CES I closed on that topic specifically. It's something that fleet plays a big part of candidly being somewhat of having an older our fleet actually has given us opportunities to move faster in that space maybe than others, every plane we put in. And we're putting in 80 new planes are 25% more fuel-efficient than the planes that we're retiring. We at Delta we're the only airline back in 2012 that voluntarily capped our carbon footprint at 2012 levels. No other airline has done anything like that. We're looking at ways by which we can go even more aggressively. Fleet is only – fleet is an important part of the solution, but there is many more things to this in terms of how we engage. And I think you're going to be hearing us talk more and more about that over the course of the year. I didn't get a chance to see Larry's letter though I did hear a little bit about it this morning. And I think – his message is right.
Ed Bastian: Brandon, I could weigh in also it's Ed. I'd say, if there was any area that we'd look if we had opportunities to accelerate somewhat, it's in the airport infrastructure and construction. We're in the midst of a very significant buildout. And clearly the sooner we can get that done the better. So not suggesting that we're going to change any CapEx assumptions but to the extent we had any capital that was available to be allocated that would be one place I look for using it.
Ed Bastian: Myles this is Ed. We've all been watching the MAX story for the last year and none of us have a very good crystal ball. We're operating our plan. We're not deviating on the plan based on news flow. We have a strong plan for 2020. And to the extent we pick up some marginal revenue which we clearly have this year that's great. Again, I would caution everyone I would not suggest that's premium revenues that we're picking up because I think the other airlines have done a very nice job of covering their most important revenue pools. But on the margin, we've clearly been a beneficiary and as long as the MAX stays out of the sky, I guess, we'll continue to be one.
Ed Bastian: I don't think we disclosed that. What we've talked about really as longer term. There is some growth but the big growth story in the MRO is a couple of years out. And for gear turbofan platform and the roles platforms start to enter more service and start to mature that's where we do expect the MRO revenues to double over the next two to three years from today's level.
Ed Bastian: If I could echo Glen's comments we're very impressed with the leadership team at LATAM. Cuetos, Roberto, the entire team is a first-class group. I think we're going to find as we start to build out the JV with the appropriate regulatory approvals you're going to see this spool up faster than probably any of our other JVs. There's really good alignment. There's focus and there's a lot of growth opportunity for both carriers throughout the Americas. So we're very, very pleased.
Ed Bastian: Leslie on your first question we absolutely do see ourselves as becoming an extended travel platform. We're not going to be looking to get in the TMC space or compete with outfits like Concur. But what we are doing is from a consumer standpoint, looking to continue to extend the brand using the Fly Delta app as more of a digital concierge bringing partners such as Lyft closer into the application, so making it easier for our customers to have an end-to-end experience through travel on the Delta app and all the way through hotel partners and other – other ways by which we can take stress out of the consumers experience. That was the message at CES, and I think it was received well and that's where we're going. We're not going to comment on pilot negotiations. So I'll pass on your second question.
Ed Bastian: This is very much focused on individual consumers. There is clearly some corporate benefits, but right now we're really focused on serving all customers.
Ed Bastian: We are not going to comment on the state of any negotiations with the pilots on any questions. Sorry, Mary.
Ed Bastian: We think just to clarify. We think it's not appropriate to be talking publicly about it. It's a – obviously it's a great opportunity for us and our Delta pilots to work together to make sure that they're best compensated and rewarded for what they do.
Ed Bastian: David, we have spoken many times on that topic. We are looking at the NMA. Certainly we're looking at Airbus offerings. We're not close to any decisions on that yet.
Ed Bastian: Well, clearly we've been investing a significant amount of money on trying to continue to improve the digital experience and the distribution system and giving customers more choices and more ways to interact with us more optionality. We have continued to release the new updates of delta.com. And I believe we are now at 7 million downloads just this past year on the app. So we continue to evolve in that space and we continue to work with all of our partners and continue to work on making sure that the distribution systems are capable of describing the products that we're trying to sell to our customers, which really can't be done any longer in green screens. So that's been a continual evolution and we've been working with all the partners the GDS's and all the distributors of our products and services to try and highlight what the differentiated products are that we're bringing to market.
Jill Greer: Thanks, Paul. Shannon, we're ready for the question-and-answer period with the analysts, if you could give some instructions on how to get into queue.
Jill Greer: Hey, Duane, it's Jill. The refinery sales are slightly lower year-over-year, but we exclude those from TRASM anyways. And so I think you're just – they're scheduled. There's a completion factor adjustment you have to make to schedule, but the revenue growth that we're looking at is a solid 5% to 7% in the first quarter, the total revenue growth.
Jill Greer: That's going to wrap-up the analyst portion of the call. And I will now turn it over to Tim Mapes, our Chief Marketing and Communications Officer.
Glen Hauenstein: No, I think we're seeing strength across the board. And we've heard this from time to time that people are worried about corporate spend and travel but it seems to be in a very good position as we head into 2020. And as a matter of fact, last year we did see a little bit of weakness in manufacturing but we're starting to lap that and we're starting to see some positive momentum coming out of that sector. So generally, we're seeing some very good signs from our corporate.
Glen Hauenstein: We've experienced both. I think we like them both equally. And I think what in leisure is really – what we're seeing in leisure really is an interesting separation of people who are looking for quality and willing to pay higher fares or upsell into better products and services at the highest quality airline in the U.S. So we see an increase in yields, in leisure which is very good for the industry.
Glen Hauenstein: I think from the beginning we've been really clear that we want to have the best-in-class products and services no matter what your travel needs are. And I think we would always see for entry-level customers who are only sensitive to price that we would have best-in-class there. As a matter of fact you might think that our overinvestment is highest in basic economy, but that's the entry point. And once they see the quality of service the Delta people provide I think they stay with us throughout their entire life cycle. And that's an important product for us to continue and maintain.
Glen Hauenstein: I think we're always looking at what that is. And I think we've taken steps really structurally. Let's say we invented comfort plus in the domestic arena. I think what we would see maybe is the continued adoption and demand for that product builds over time that we might create more of that on existing fleets, which would take the density out. I can't see us ever wanting to fly with empty seats. I can't see us wanting to sell a plane that is meeting the demands of our customer base that might include more premium even than we have today.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, Andrew we need to do both, right? This is not -- we're not trading off technology for planes. So we need to have continued enhancement of our fleet. That's clearly where the bulk of our CapEx goes is into our fleet and the modification of our aircraft. We're going to be taking 80 new airplanes into the fleet this year. And those -- but those fleet investments are also then facilitating technology as we bring new technology on board the fleet. So I don't look at them as differentiated or trade-offs. We've got an overall CapEx budget that we look at as a company. We try to stay within the 50% threshold plus or minus of operating cash. And that's how we get there. Now we do certainly look at ROI and returns on every one of our digital investments and capital initiatives. And I'm pleased to say they've been producing largely the results we'd expect.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I think they're core; they're just not geographically centered. So, your ability to connect traffic when you're in Seattle is a lot less than when you're in Salt Lake City or Atlanta or the other ones you named. So, we have really used our first-mover advantage post-merger to take advantage of having the opportunity to consolidate positions in some of the key coastal markets like Seattle, Boston, Los Angeles, New York. But we did that a little bit at the expense of growing connectivity in our interior hubs. And so over the next several years, we'll be working on continuing to improve the products and services we offer at the coastal hubs, but really refocusing a little bit on growing the interior hubs to improve the connectivity of the airline.
Glen Hauenstein: I think we're continually working to improve our international unit revenues and I think this fourth quarter was -- we're moving in the right direction and we see those trends continuing into the first quarter. We can't see yet what our competitors are doing, but I think we have an opportunity to continue to increase our relative performance and our absolute performance as we go through 2020 and hopefully beyond what we have in our plan.
Glen Hauenstein: Yeah. So, thanks Duane. We had mentioned going in that we had about $250 million of pressure year-over-year in 2019 as a result of the pension returns in 2018. While we haven't given specific guidance we – if you look at year-over-year, we were up about I think 16% in 2017. So, you can look back and see the sensitivity around that.
Glen Hauenstein: I'll start with the first one, which is easier is that. No we're not going to share that today. And the second issue it's by country. And I believe this week we received the ability to code in Colombia. We expect Peru and Ecuador to follow shortly. And then the longer – a little bit longer tent in the pole. So those should all be up and running like in 1Q. A little bit longer pole in the tent is Brazil and Chile, which we expect later this year.
Glen Hauenstein: So, we're seeing continued strength in the domestic U.S. arena. That's great news for us. And we're seeing I think some really good green shoots in the transatlantic. We've had currency issues over the last couple of years since 2018. And now that we're going to be lapping them as we move through this year, I think we're poised really well for a nice run in the transatlantic. We've seen in the trans-Pacific after a multiyear restructuring that this is the last piece and there's some uncertainty maybe around the airport moves that we are going to have. Those are two major airport moves for us closing Tokyo and Narita after being there for almost 50 years. That's a big move. And so uncertainty over how many people will prefer Haneda. But I think ultimately we are very, very confident that Haneda is a better airport to serve Tokyo than Narita. And so there may be some ripples there that it would be unique to us as we have the largest footprint in Haneda. And then, of course, moving to Daxing and Beijing might be a little bit of a headwind for a short period of time. But again we think that's the right move for us because the connectivity at that airport is going to be far superior in the long run towards our capital. So the Pacific I think we're encouraged at the signs. Today's signing or the signing of the agreement phase one agreement with China is going to be a good thing for us. And if there is an upside to the Chinese, there's been really no capacity to bring capacity reductions in the U.S. to China for the first time in years. So traffic continues to build into China and capacity is being reduced. So that's always a good thing for the airline industry. And then in LATAM, we've seen really good strength in both Mexico and Brazil and we expect that to continue and then accelerate as we can begin to code with LATAM throughout the year. So I think we've got a really good base for international, which is encouraging. And the sequential trends and the improvements are all moving in the right direction for us.
Glen Hauenstein: We don't disclose the makeup of the construction of the increases. But what we have said is that we expect it to grow from $4.1 billion this year to $7 billion by 2023. And we have a very good component plan. I think we outlined the three pieces that include card spend growth, that included new acquisitions, and any changes in the core contract. And those three make up those components.
Glen Hauenstein: No, these are the very early days and we are very, very excited about that partnership and we think it's going to have great long-term benefits. We can only see a little bit as the relationship is just starting and we're just starting to put some of the key components in place with interline agreements. But what we have seen has exceeded our expectations in the early days and we're very optimistic that this is going to be a game changer for us in Latin America.
Glen Hauenstein: Yeah. I think we've had an incredible success in Boston and Boston, customers are choosing us at – as a matter of fact the third quarter data from the government just came out and we were in a virtual dead heat with Jet Blue as the largest revenue carrier in Boston. So I think we've made great progress and I think customers will stick with us. And so we'll see who ultimately are the winners and losers in Boston. But I know we'll be a winner.
Glen Hauenstein: I don't know what anybody else is going to do. And so this is a very competitive industry and people grow and shrink. And I think that in the long term the better products what we've consistently said what is as long as we think we can provide the best products and services we're ultimately going to win.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, there's a lot of data points out there. There's no shortage of data in this industry. Most recently the U.S. government data came out for the third quarter. That's always about 180 days in arrears here or 90 days in arrears. So we did really well. And I think you could look at that. You could look at GDS's, you could look at corporate shares. So there's plenty of data. And if you'd like we could have somebody follow up as you run places you can go find that.
Glen Hauenstein: I think the Delta brand is really about providing the best quality airline service in the world and we continue to emphasize that and focus on that. And we have 80,000 of the world's best people delivering it every day.
Paul Jacobson: Yes, Joe what I would say is we're obviously not going to give quarterly guidance on CASM for the rest of the year. But as a general rule, if you look at our CASM trajectory in past years it's been pretty skewed with a lot of volatility. We've taken a conscious effort in 2020 to try to balance that across to make that cost performance more disciplined throughout the year and that's very intentional.
Paul Jacobson: Well, first of all thank you for the comments Brandon. I think the balanced approach has worked very, very well for us in an effort to balance multiple constituencies, whether it's cash flow performance into the enterprise but driving return on invested capital. We obviously have a lot of demands on capital when you look across the space and the things that we want to do. Prioritization and pace of implementation is an important piece of that. It's not always just capital. It's having the resources to deploy that capital and make sure that it's delivering the benefits and the results. So while I'd say we do have – we do have some room around the edges, you've seen us do that over time, take advantage of opportunities that are out there. We want to hold roughly to that balanced allocation over time.
Paul Jacobson: Sure Savi. So 2019 saw Trainer produced a profit at $75 million free cash flow positive and really a strong contribution to our overall relative fuel story. In 2020, obviously, we've seen at least where we sit today significant improvement in crack spreads at the refinery over last year. We expect about breakeven performance compared to about a $35 million loss last year. So we're looking forward to another sizable contribution overall both in terms of the performance of the refinery as well as the contribution across the commercial space and our fuel procurement.
