Paul A. Jacobson: Thanks, Ed. Thanks, everybody for joining us, and good morning. It's an honor to be here. Turning to cost performance for the March quarter, operating expenses for the quarter increased 4% or $334 million, driven primarily by our fuel price, which was up 14% to $3.28 per gallon. Total fuel expense increased $250 million, as the increase in fuel was partially offset by $45 million of net hedging gains and reduced consumption on lower capacity.  Nonfuel operating expenses increased $80 million for the quarter as the benefits of lower capacity and savings from mild weather conditions partly offset higher ancillary business expenses and employee costs. On a unit basis, nonfuel costs were up 3.6%, driven by higher employee and maintenance cost, as well as the impact of our 3% capacity reduction.  Looking ahead, we expect our June quarter nonfuel unit cost to increase 3% to 4% versus prior year, driven by our capacity reduction, combined with higher employee costs, which are being partially offset by productivity improvements.  We are committed to reducing our nonfuel unit costs and have begun implementing the structural changes needed to get there, including improving maintenance efficiency, eliminating small gauge inefficient aircraft and improving employee productivity. As part of this, we are aligning our headcount with our reduced capacity. To that end, we are currently offering a voluntary retirement package that closes next week. We expect those employees will exit after the summer flying season.  Turning to fuel. For the June quarter, we have had 70% of our consumption between $3.05 and $3.40 per gallon. For the September quarter, we are currently hedged 40% between $3.05 and $3.45 per gallon. As of Friday's market close, with these positions, we are forecasting a June quarter all-in fuel price per gallon of $3.28 and an all-in price of $3.27 for the September quarter.  Shifting now to liquidity, we ended the March quarter with $5.7 billion in unrestricted liquidity, including $1.8 billion in our undrawn revolving credit facilities. Operating cash flow for the quarter was strong, with $947 million driven by strong advance ticket sales. Our capital expenditures in the quarter were $350 million, primarily consisting of $300 million in aircraft parts and modifications.  On this cash -- the strength of the cash flow, we were able to pay down $450 million in debt, including $40 million in early debt retirements. As Richard mentioned, we ended the March quarter with adjusted net debt of $12.2 billion. Additionally, due to our strong liquidity position, we were able to fully fund our 2012 pension contributions in early April, well ahead of our plan.  For the June quarter, we expect capital spending to be $400 million and have net debt maturities of $450 million. We are forecasting unrestricted liquidity balance of $5.8 billion at the end of the quarter and expect to have our adjusted net debt balance down to $11.6 billion. We remain on track to reach our goal of $10 billion of adjusted net debt by the middle of next year.  So to conclude, the year is off to a good start and we plan to build on the momentum you see in these results. And finally, in closing, I'd also like to echo Richard and Ed's comments and say thanks to our employees that all worked so hard to build the tremendous momentum we have here at Delta. I'm very appreciative for all that they do to make Delta a great airline with an even brighter future.
Paul A. Jacobson: I think, Jamie, we're on our way in terms of making improvements to that through the employee initiatives. Some of that we wouldn't expect to take in until after the summer flying season. But with the maintenance savings, as well as some of the fleet-related savings as we get into next year, we start trending pretty rapidly into that space.
Paul A. Jacobson: Savi, this is Paul. We have talked about lowering those expenses through the retirement of older airplanes and we're continuing to work in that direction. We've said that, that opportunity over the next 18 to 24 months is in the $200 million range.
Paul A. Jacobson: Well, I think, Glenn, we have in the first quarter and fourth quarter, we have a lot of seasonal-related initiatives that are going on with cabin interior upgrades, et cetera. So I think you're looking at a heavier weighting in the winter months than you are in the summer months for maintenance again.
Paul A. Jacobson: No. I would say that net interest savings is going to accelerate through the year on a quarterly basis. We had some overlap in the first quarter, but as we continue to pay down debt, we would expect that net interest expense for the year is going to be about $1 billion.
Paul A. Jacobson: Dan, we gave our guidance at the start of the year for costs. And I think we're probably still in that general range. We've had some favorability in the first quarter of the year with weather, which has naturally been helpful, not just in raw savings, but also in a little higher capacity that it produced. But the -- I'd say our outlook for the year is consistent with what we gave you at the start.
Paul A. Jacobson: Helene, this is Paul. In response to your subletter A question, we would expect any charges to occur in the second quarter. And in response to subletter B, those would not be included. Those would be special items.
Paul A. Jacobson: This is Paul. Our program is the same as it's always been, and we don't comment on any specifics within the plan.
Paul A. Jacobson: We have -- we're not going to provide any specific goal. We've mentioned consistently over time that we're going to look to reduce the size of that fleet. It's not a cost effective solution for us. And the individual transactions or methods by which we'll get there, we're not going to share at this time.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Bill, it's Glen. We have had a lot of success in what I would call some smaller changes to the fare environment, which have produced these results. Clearly, some of our competitors don't like the absolute fare increases that have been in the marketplace but there have been a lot of strengthening of defenses, a lot of strengthening of the advanced purchase, of the state requirements that have yielded this. So I think you have to look at fares in more than just the dollar amount we're charging, but in the qualifications for how you actually get those fares. And I think that's what's driving industry yields up across the board. So while we have had some resistance to those types of fare increases, we've made a lot of progress on the other side of the fare equation.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Clearly, the primary role restricts LaGuardia and it is a remnant of when Kennedy was open and the government was trying to force traffic to go to Kennedy. There's no real structural reason for LaGuardia to be limited. And similar to DCA, over time, and I have no idea what the timeline is on this, but those restrictions tend to be loosened over time. This one has not to date, and I wouldn't want a forecast if and when it would ever change. But clearly, I think customers would benefit if they had the option to fly beyond the perimeter rule of LaGuardia.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Mike, this is Glen. I think you have 2 things going on here that produced that I think is a pretty amazing number for us in the Trans-Atlantic. One is clearly the reduced capacity and the secondary impact that has on recapture on the remaining flights. But more impressive is the fact that business travel, in aggregate, is increasing despite the fact that Europe's in a recession. And that's really contrary to what we might expect given all the headlines that we read. And we try to go back and figure this out and what we see is that the U.S. is seeing opportunities in Europe to work. And so we've seen actual cabin load factors and same-store sales where we haven't changed capacity and the business cabin go up, as well as revenues. So we're monitoring that very, very closely because I think if we were to see signs of weakness there, we would take some actions in terms of the fall and winter capacity again next year. But to date, we have seen a little bit of a contrarian view in terms of what the headlines read versus what we've seen on our flights.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Mike, it's Glenn again. LaGuardia was not ever one of our worst performing hubs, so but the model needs to probably be adjusted on that. But hey, it was clearly not one of our best. And so what we're seeing now is a significant improvement and I think I would agree with your statement, that we're only halfway there and we're optimistic as we get the other half of the slot, that it will continue to improve.
Glen W. Hauenstein: I think it's early to forecast what June's going to be, Glenn, that we give you our April and May snapshot and I think it's probably as much visibility as we're comfortable providing at this point. We do know that the May comp was -- is quite tough and the June comp's a bit easier. So we'll probably have a little more color for you at your conference coming up in a few weeks.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Well, I think our revenue performance is attributable to 2 factors. One is capacity discipline. The other is really providing a better and better product each and every quarter. And our share -- our revenue performance is really divided into 2. One is the retention of the underperforming revenue or the recapture of that revenue, and the other is obtaining new, higher-yielding accounts. And I think we've been hitting it out of the park, really, on both sides, or in this quarter anyway, in terms of not only retaining the revenue on capacity we've removed, but also on bringing ourselves into a higher realm in terms of corporate share. I think that's really what's driving it. And we will continue to look at the underperforming markets, and we will continue to remove those that are a drag on us.
Glen W. Hauenstein: So as many of you know, the government asked us to do the LaGuardia slot transaction in 2 phases. The first phase was in the latter part of March and the second phase is the 11th of July. And we swapped about 1/2 of the slots in the first swap, and then we'll swap the other half in the second, which leaves USAir in certain markets that they will eventually be turning the slots over to us, and that's why we think it was a suboptimal in terms of P&L during the transition. So not probably enough to move the meter directionally but clearly when you get to July, we think that will make our LaGuardia performance relatively even stronger.
Glen W. Hauenstein: We want you to see how we calculate it. But let me take this down to kind of a more practical answer, which is, you've got to drive margin in the business, number one. And number two, the cash that you do generate has got to be put to the very best use of the capital holders. And by limiting our CapEx, and being really disciplined about airplane purchases and the like, to be certain that we're going to get a return and making commitment to our capital holders, that 1/2 of what we generate is going back on the balance sheet to de-risk the business, which are all very accretive moves. I think if you look below that calculation and you look at all the things that we've been steadily doing, they're all the right things for the shareholders.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Dan, it's Glen. Maybe we need to reconcile our numbers because, clearly, the second quarter is up, but by the time you get to peak July, the numbers that we're showing for the industry is capacity relatively flat because you have a lot of ins and outs of there. You have American dropping out of JFK and Narita. You have the year-over-year inclusion of L.A.-Haneda and Detroit-Haneda. So I think it's really over a month by month, and I think in the second quarter, we might have a little bit of rockiness in terms of the capacity being ahead of the demand. But by the time we get to third, it looks really solid.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Yes, it's in other revenue -- it's a complicated accounting because some of it's in passenger, some of it's in other revenue, Duane. And we're going to take your question off-line, and we'll help you understand our disclosures. But we're not going to provide any new information.
Glen W. Hauenstein: No, we do not expect any layoffs in the Salt Lake area. The hub is performing well. We have some seasonal adjustments that we make. They're going to be driven by demand and fuel. And the outlook for Salt Lake for us is strong. We're working together with the city on the new airport out there, and we feel good about our presence.
Richard H. Anderson: And so if you look at our track record, and you look back to 2007, in 2007 we reached agreement with our pilots 3x within 6 months on new contracts that were well accepted. So we really value that relationship and we want to -- it is a high priority here to get a new agreement concluded as quickly as we can.
Richard H. Anderson: And I would add 2 other points to that. The first is, is the investment in our products, the lie flat product, the 76-400, is all lie flat now. And we just made substantial investments there that we are seeing pay off, not just in the RASM but also in our customer preference scores. A sub part of that is, is that we have an intense focus on reliability and on-time performance across the Trans-Atlantic, so that we're providing a premium product with the best schedules and an intense focus by the employees to be certain we're doing the very best job. And then the last point I'd make is leveraging the integration in the alliances. So we've been at this alliance activity for almost 20 years now. And as we get closer and closer to our partners across the Trans-Atlantic, it tends to drive real distribution strength, and the distribution strength is an important part of the equation. So I think it's a combination of all of the above.
Richard H. Anderson: Glenn, this is Richard. If I could make just one point on the maintenance costs and how they vary from quarter-to-quarter. We tend to try to now push all of our maintenance into the shoulder months. So 1Q and 4Q tend to be -- or the end of 3Q, a good part of 4Q, except for the latter half, or the latter half of December. And then January, February and March are where we try to put it in those shoulder months so that you have the maximum fleet availability to be able to fly the peak. And I think we're -- and on the unit revenues, it's pretty clear that we're forecasting unit revenues in April at 11%. So we think the revenue environment is, at least for Delta, pretty strong.
Richard H. Anderson: That's why we hired Gary Chase here, Hunter. So let me turn that over to Gary, see if he's got a view on that.
Richard H. Anderson: I think, Hunter, the important thing is we're one to provide the transparency on how we think about it, and Gary said the right thing. The key is not necessarily the calculation as much as the results that calculation drives in, the continued improvement over time using a consistent methodology.
John E. Walker: Thanks, Jill. And Cindy, we're ready to go ahead. And if we could ask the media to ask one question with a quick follow-up. Also, if you could review the process for getting your questions in queue, that would be appreciated as well.
John E. Walker: Yes, Mary Jane, we're going to consistently not comment on industry rumor and speculation. We're just going to keep that line.
John E. Walker: Okay. Thank you very much, Richard, Ed, Paul, Glen and Mike. That concludes our March quarter 2012 earnings call. We'll be back here in July with the June quarter. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
