Jill Sullivan Greer: Here in Atlanta today we have Richard Anderson our CEO, Ed Bastian our President, and Paul Jacobson, our CFO, and we have the remainder of the leadership team here in the room with us for Q&A. Richard will open the call, Ed will then address our financial and revenue performance, and Paul will conclude with a review of cost performance and cash flows. To get in as many questions as possible during the Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and a brief follow up. Today’s discussion contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs or expectations about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may cause such differences are described in Delta’s SEC filings. We’ll also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. All results exclude special items unless otherwise noted.  You’ll find the reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures on the investor relation’s page at ir.Delta.com. With that, I will turn the call over to Richard.
Jill Sullivan Greer: That is the wrap up of our prepared remarks. Operator, if you could give the instructions for the analysts to ask their questions.
Jill Sullivan Greer: That’s going to conclude the analyst portion of the call. I’m not going to turn it over to Kevin Shinkle, our Chief Communications Officer.
Paul A. Jacobson: Consistent cost control was again a significant contributor to our 400 basis points of margin expansion this quarter. Total operating expenses increased by $135 million driven entirely by higher profit sharing expenses. We were once again, able to hold non fuel CASM essentially flat in each quarter of 2014 and this quarter marks the sixth consecutive quarter of non-fuel CASM growth below 2% as we are continuing to see the benefits of our upgaging initiatives and lower maintenance expense due to the 50 seat retirements. There is tremendous commitment across the entire organization to continue to achieve our goal of cost growth consistently below 2% and we expect that momentum to continue through this year and into 2016. This year we took delivery of 84 aircraft and retired 89 aircraft which included 60 50 seaters. We improved our operating leverage through upgaging generating 2% higher domestic capacity for the year on 3.9% fewer departures, all while the operational team delivered the lowest maintenance CASM in the industry with the best operational reliability.  As we progress through 2015 we will continue to see the benefits from upgaging. The retirement of 50 seaters and older main line aircraft, as well as the benefits of productivity improvements across the organization.  Moving onto fuel, fuel expense declined by $342 million for the quarter, driven by the sharp decline in market fuel prices. Our all in fuel price was $2.62 per gallon which was $0.43 lower year-over-year. Our results this quarter included $180 million in settled hedged losses which were offset by $105 million profit at the refinery. At December 31st we had $925 million in hedge margin posted with counterparties which we suspect will be substantially reduced by June 30 based on current prices. Based on current prices, we are projecting an all in fuel price of $2.45 to $2.50 per gallon for the March quarter. For the full year we are forecasting an all-in price of $2.25 to $2.35 per gallon which is approximately $0.50 to $0.60 lower than 2014. These lower prices should produce over $2 billion in lower fuel expense including hedges. For 2016 we are well positioned for full downside participation should fuel remain at these levels. As I mentioned, the refinery made $105 million profit for the December quarter which represents $151 million improvement versus last year. Lower crude costs combined with higher product crack spreads and increased throughput were key contributors to the refinery’s heightened profitability this quarter. Our already strong cash flow will further benefit from the low fuel price environment which will allow us to continue our progress in strengthening the balance sheet by paying down debt, funding our pension plan, and continuing to return cash to our owners. This year, we generated $5.8 billion of operating cash flow and reinvested $2.1 billion back into the business primarily related to aircraft modifications and purchases of the CRJ 900 and 737 900s which are replacing the 50 seaters and older 757 aircraft. For the March quarter we are projecting $700 million in cap ex primarily related to 737 900 deliveries and deposits on future aircraft. With the $3.7 billion of free cash flow that we generated in 2014, we were able to reduce our adjusted net debt down to $7.3 billion. This reduction in adjusted net debt represents a $2.1 billion decrease compared to the same time last year and delivered $200 million in interest savings year-over-year. We expect another $200 million in interest expense savings in 2015 from continued debt reduction. Additionally, we continued our path of increasing shareholder value by returning $1.35 billion to shareholders through $251 million of dividends and $1.1 billion of share repurchases that retired over 28 million shares for the year.  Moving into 2015 we expect to generate approximately $1 billion of free cash flow during the March quarter. As Ed and Richard mentioned, we will continue to grow free cash flow throughout the year which will go towards completing the $2 billion share repurchase authorization by the end of 2015, a full year ahead of schedule and towards paying down additional debt. We’ll update you in May our further capital deployment plans.  Our long term goals remain at the forefront of how we manage our business. We will continue to prudently reinvest in the business on investments that align with our return on invested capital goal, pay down debt, and return value to our shareholders. In closing, I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to the entire Delta team for a record breaking year. We have a special family here and our performance this quarter and throughout the year are a direct result of the contributions made by each and every one of us. Thanks and I’ll turn the call back over to Jill.
Paul A. Jacobson: If you think about our fourth quarter, four of the five points in Pacific year-over-year decline were based on yen currency. We’ve seen really unprecedented decline in the yen. Despite that, we think that we will be profitable in our Japanese operation in 2015 and so if you think about as we continue to restructure and become less reliant on Japan, we were very pleased with the one point decline which means that there was a lot of core strength in a period of the year. It is not really peak demand.
Paul A. Jacobson: Just on the OTA question, the OTAs we’ve reduced the number of relationships we have in that distribution channel and in many instances we don’t really have full content agreements so much of this product is really through our website, or through a second point of sale at the airport. The prominence of the OTAs is really diminished particularly as investments in Delta.com have driven very high levels of customer satisfaction. Overall, the OTAs just play a much smaller role in the distribution strategy.
Paul A. Jacobson: As we’ve talked about and as we’ve mentioned at investor day, we’ve taken a little bit more of a narrower view in terms of the time versus what we’ve historically looked out at. 2016 is in our radar now. I don’t think we’re going to jump and do anything extreme, I think we’re going to continue to manage our program as we see it going forward. We have to keep in mind that there is some steepness in the curves so you can’t hedge in the 40s in 2016 and we have to take that into account. That being said, we’re in a position where we could get some good year-over-year improvement. Again, as we see continuing ’14 to ’15 and ’15 to ’16. All that weighs in but we are committed to our program and I don’t think you’re going to see anything materially different from us.
Paul A. Jacobson: 2015 in the AFKLM JV we’re expecting significant contribution improvement in the joint venture with Air France KLM. We’re seeing a lot of the fuel price advantage obviously [indiscernible] the long haul. 
Paul A. Jacobson: There’s a subpart to that question if you think about the effect of lower fuel prices, it’s affecting some of the economies around the world. It’s a huge boon to the American consumer. There’s never a better time for Americans to go to Europe or to travel around the world. But, when you think about the effect that it has in places like Brazil, Glenn talked about Russia, there are a lot of OPEC economies the cartel was collecting rents that they aren’t collecting anymore and you see it in Venezuela, you see it in a number of carbon producing economies that will have some impact on the foreign point of sale. But, the US it is a huge boon to the US economy.
Paul A. Jacobson: Not really, it’s not a seniority based pay per say. There is a little bit of training cost associated with it, but from a wage benefit salary standpoint it’s negligible.
Paul A. Jacobson: Just a last comment, on a fairly significant increase in capacity in the fourth quarter absent Venezuela, our yields would have been flat.
Paul A. Jacobson: What we do is we manage the book usually inside of an 18 month time horizon but primarily focused inside of about a 12 month period so the comment was intended to mean that we’re just going to continue to look at the program as we’ve been running it. 2016 is coming into view, but we’re not looking to make material changes in how we manage the program. It doesn’t mean that we won’t be hedging in 2016.
Paul A. Jacobson: We’ve obviously seen some compression in the spread between domestic and foreign sourced oil which has made foreign a little bit more attractive. But what we’ve seen at the refinery is that crack spreads and margins on products have actually gone up while prices have gone down and that’s contributed to the profitability so we had a great fourth quarter. We expect pretty healthy profit at the refinery in the first quarter as well on the strength of those higher crack spreads which is helping to serve as a bit of a hedge, if you will, on widening spreads on a lower crude price for the airline.
Richard H. Anderson: I don’t know David. My remarks were focused on what the US industry faces today with a pretty significant shortage building in the regional space and that’s exacerbated by the fact that you have, at the majors, a significant wave of retirements over the next decade just because of demographics and it’s pretty much the same at all the carriers so there’s a big pull from the majors, and the 1,500 hour rule is really affecting the ability of the regionals to be able to attract a significant number of new pilots. So, it’s really an effect on the US industry as we see it.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, I can speak for Delta. Delta has more than ample training facilities at Delta to run a first rate training operation and I think in the broader industry there is too, the question is the regulatory requirement on 1,500 hours. 
Richard H. Anderson: Well, I think the first order of use is going to continue to reduce our net debt and the second order of use is going to be higher cash returns for our owners. Now, that’s subject to our Board approval and I’ve got to be careful about not getting to far out there before going through the five year plan. But, our fleet can run at this level of CapEx very easily for a very long period of time on our fleet so we don’t see some big fleet order coming. We think there’s going to be an opportunity for a bunch of used airplanes for us at some point here giving all the NEO deliveries in the narrow body world. We just placed our wide body order, we’re fine on wide bodies so the fleets in good shape and the run rate cap ex that you saw this year, the $2.1, that vicinity is a good run rate because we’ve got to keep our ROIC above that 18% so it’s going to reduce debt and higher shareholder cash returns.
Richard H. Anderson: $2.82 even though we knew it was going to be lower. But that way you plan the capacity on a much more muted basis and you make sure that you put the strategies in place to hold yield and RASM.
Richard H. Anderson: Well, if fuel goes back up remember, it takes a lot to make a capacity adjustments at an airline of this size. We have 12,000 airplanes so 1% of 12,000 airplanes is 12 airplanes, there’s eight crews per airplane. You’ve got to get all those people hired, and trained, and the flight attendants, and we tend to be on the conservative side, because we don’t want to over shoot on capacity or expense because if you’re adding fixed expense you better be certain you’re going to get a return on it. So, bottom line is it’s always a really conservative approach to how you plan and you should always plan with fuel prices high. We’ve seen this movie many times in the industry and so you’ve got to run the company conservatively and we’re trimming capacity as we speak as we get close into the beginning of the second quarter.
Richard H. Anderson: We’ve been taking a very prudent yield strategy and clearly we have our advanced yields in the domestic network up significantly over the next several months and so as we came through January and saw the actual demand patterns of these higher yields, we took some capacity out. That’s just a normal business process and it doesn’t say anything about core demand.
Richard H. Anderson: The yield outlook is very positive and we would like to keep it there and so we’re adjusting the lower demand flights downwards.
Richard H. Anderson: I think it’s a good question. In fact, I think it’s a great question from the long term shareholder perspective because this year we budgeted $3 billion in free cash flow and we got well above that. So, there’s just a natural tendency that it’s going to flow against net debt because we’re pretty disciplined about not wanting to take up our aircraft cap ex and we already have the 50 wide bodies ordered and we’ve got 717, 737, 8321s coming and on the margin they’ll be a few more airplanes as we hit 30 years of age on some of our domestic fleet where we’re going to have to make some purchases but I don’t see the cap ex commitment changing from where we’ve been.  So, there’s two places it ends up going just naturally, one is higher cash returns to our shareholders probably in the form of share buyback and second, is just cash accumulating against net debt. I don’t know that we’ve said that our target is really zero, we want to get to $5 billion in net debt but the cash is going to accumulate and we’re going to have to be careful to be certain that we steward it wisely for long term owners.
Richard H. Anderson: I think the trends you saw in Q4 are probably continuing to take hold in Q1. The international RASMs are being pressured on a continued basis by even an accelerated level of dollar strengthening and domestic is really solid. Our corporate revenues are strong. Current year is kind of off to a very good start in month of January, our corporate revenues in the month of January is up 7% so we see domestic holding up well and we continue to make the adjustments we’ve talked about with some of our international entities.
Richard H. Anderson: I think the domestic entity is going to be solid throughout the year. We see no reason why we’ll see any tail off of our domestic performance. Internationally, as we mature and lap a significant amount of the Latin investment that we’ve made and as we lap the Venezuelan capacity reduction, we should see the Latin unit revenue progression start to improve by the second half of the year. In the Pacific we have talked a lot about the changes we’re making with the 747s. I think it really depends on a currency play with what’s happening with respect to the Yen. In the back half of the year for the Pacific we see some fundamental improvements but that’s factored based on the Yen holding where it’s largely at.
Richard H. Anderson: Our JV with Virgin is going very well. I mentioned that we expect to post a net $200 million profit for the year and our performance in Paris and Amsterdam were also quite strong in Q4. I think our unit revenue performance to those two markets were in the 3% to 5% year-over-year range of improvement and so we would expect 2015 to see continuing strength.
Richard H. Anderson: I think the answer to the first question is no change in our great relationship. We have made a commitment with our pilots to finish on time or ahead of schedule and we’re confident we’re going to be able to maintain our cost structure over the long term.
Richard H. Anderson: It was Richard talking about the pilot staffing constraints and what it takes to grow capacity. I think the normal flow through that we see in the ranks is built into our cost structure and I think we don’t expect that to result in any big unit cost pressures.
Richard H. Anderson: There’s always differences. The marketplace is incredibly competitive and there’s always differences in fares in a competitive marketplace.
Richard H. Anderson: As we mature that growth and lap that growth we will see certainly some improvements in our overall unit revenue performance. Any time you’re expanding in international markets it generally takes 12 to 24 months before the market starts to fully develop for you and you will see some natural improvements as we temper our capacity additions. The other factor is Venezuela which had an outsized level of unit revenue performance. With the currency changes we decided last year to pull down our frequencies and as we lap that there will also be a benefit to our Latin unit revenues in the second half of this year.
Richard H. Anderson: It’s just purely a line maintenance facility so it’s overnight line checks, overnight planned work, just like the line maintenance facility we have in Amsterdam, or Sao Paulo, or Paris, or Tokyo, so it’s not heavy maintenance or engine maintenance. 
Richard H. Anderson: We’re talking about a dozen mechanics and an allotment of spare parts. I think maybe you’re misconstruing the idea of putting line maintenance in Shanghai into being something more than that. It’s 12 people so you could do it out on the ramp, we won’t have a hanger.
Edward H. Bastian: It’s too early to say, we’re in a calibration. As we have always said, as we get into the year we start to make tactical adjustments. Somewhere in the 2% to 3% range is probably still pretty good guidance.
Edward H. Bastian: One last comment just on the global demand scene, we see really good core strength with just one exception and that is Africa, Middle East, and Russia and so we will be adjusting our capacity in those key markets as we move forward through the year. But all kind of different events, Russia being more political, Middle East being related to the oil, and Africa being related to the perception of Ebola because we really don’t fly to Ebola affected areas. 
Edward H. Bastian: No, there’s no question there’s a correlation as fuel prices come down there’s an industry supply macro that you need to think about so we weren’t talking about any specific headwinds other than the fact that as fuel prices come down you can expect to see some pricing pressure broadly.
Edward H. Bastian: Jack, given the results we just posted with our unit revenues improved and given that we’ve got a flat outlook on a growing supply base into the first quarter 2015, I think that will tell you what we see in the revenue cards.
Glen W. Hauenstein: We did retire all the airplanes that we had contemplated. The activation of the 74 was a swap so it was not a net new airplane to the system and we saw the opportunity, which is a great opportunity with our partners at China Eastern, starting in April we will be able to be co-terminus with them. We’ll be able to reduce our MCTs in Shanghai and we had the opportunity between some time it sat in LA and a new maintenance facility we were opening in Shanghai to create the airplane to fly that and that’s really a long term decision that we’ve been waiting for the right opportunity. It was in the five year plan. With the China Visa extensions we see a huge increase in demand and with the opportunity that’s presenting itself in China with our partner China Eastern we really saw this as a onetime opportunity that was not in the normal course of our business, but given the events that had happened with the relaxation of the Visas, given the opportunity we had to relocate, it was really the right time.
Glen W. Hauenstein: We haven’t changed our fleet plan by one airplane since fuel has come down. So, could you? Yes. Have we? No.
Glen W. Hauenstein: Really, the basic economy is not a lower fare it’s just the lowest fare we have available. So, if you think about where it’s used today in the 75 markets, it’s primarily used against the ultra-low cost carriers when we have inventory we want to sell and we want customers to buy a competitive product. So, as we think about fares moving forward we want to be less commoditized. We want people to buy the products and services they want and this is really not about lowering fares but allowing people to select what features that Delta offers that they want.  As you know Delta has by far the best industry record for on time performance for baggage and the highest net promotor score of any of the major three carriers so how do we continue to decontent that and continue to offer best in class for whatever customers want to buy from us, and this is really one of those vehicles.
