Paul Jacobson: Thanks, Glen, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. While lower fuel cost are providing huge benefits for our business, there is a lot of uncertainty in the global environment and we know fuel won’t stay low permanently. As a result, we remained focussed on staying disciplined with our cost. Total operating expenses for the quarter however were down more than $1 billion as this decline in fuel cost offset wage increases as well as higher profit sharing expense which doubled versus last year at this quarter. Non-fuel CASM increased 4.5% including profit sharing, better than our initial expectation with roughly half of that increase coming from higher profit sharing in the quarter. As you may recall, our cost growth is more weighted towards the front half of the year given the timing of last year’s wage increases and this quarter is the peak. During the quarter, we retired ten older main line aircraft including nine 757 and one 767-300 we removed six 50 seaters from our schedule also during the quarter. We continue to expect our re-fleeting efforts to drive another $350 million of savings in 2016. Our maintenance initiatives benefited us by $90 million in the quarter and we continue to target a $400 million benefit for the full year. For the second quarter we expect non fuel CASM including profit sharing to increase roughly 2% as our productivity and other cost of initiatives help offset higher wages and product and service investments. CASM growth in the second quarter will be well below 1Q levels as we -- last years April 1st wage increase. We remain on track to keep non fuel cost ex-profit sharing below 2% for the full year. Moving onto fuel, our total fuel expense declined by $1.5 billion due to lower market fuel prices and lower year-over-year hedge losses. Our all in fuel price was $1.33 per gallon down 55% from the prior year. The refinery lost a modest $28 million in the quarter while lower crack spreads are a headwind for the refinery they are obviously a significant net benefit for Delta as a whole. Looking ahead we expect an all end June quarter fuel price of $1.48 to $1.53 which is down 40% from prior year. We continue to have no open hedges going forward and anticipate hedge losses of approximately $200 million in each of the remaining quarters this year. With the combination of the fuel tail wind, our non fuel cost disciple and the sequential improvement in RASM performance Glen discussed we expect another record quarter in June with an operating margin of 21% to 23% a roughly 5 point improvement from the prior year. On cash flow, we are using our strong cash generation to appropriately balance the long term investments we are making in the business while continuing to return cash to our owners and de-risking the balance sheet. As Ed mentioned, we generated $1.35 billion of operating cash flow in the quarter. This was net of $1.5 billion in profit sharing pay-offs to employees for 2015 and $825 million cash contribution to the pension plan. We also contributed $350 million in Delta stock during to the pension during the quarter. With the additional $100 million in cash we put in the plans this month, we have contributed $1.3 billion in cash and stocks since the beginning of the year. This completes our funding for 2016. We reinvested $870 million back into the business during the quarter. As you may recall we expect higher capital spending in the first half of the year due to the timing of aircraft spend and will spend roughly $1 billion again in the second quarter. Additionally, this year we expect our Aeromexico tender offer to close in the third quarter. In the March quarter, we returned $880 million to shareholders including the $350 million accelerated share repurchase we completed to offset the dilution from the contribution to the pension plan. Adjusted net debt at the end of March was $7 billion, up slightly from year end due to the timing of cash flows including pension funding and profit sharing. And the decision we made to stay on track for a run rate for buy backs during the quarter. We expect our adjusted net debt to be below $6 billion by year end with our cash flow. We’ve made significant progress on de-levering our business over the last decade and we are pleased to have this recognized with an upgrade by Moody’s to investment grade during the quarter. In closing, I’d like to thank and congratulate the entire Delta team not only for another record quarter but also for achieving our long held goal of returning as an investment grade company. These accomplishments would not have been possible without your determination, dedication and hard work each and every day. Jill, back to you.
Paul Jacobson: Good morning, Duane. I think as we've talked about we're looking at balancing capital against our cash flows and approximately $3 billion remains our goal. We've got needs over the next five to seven years as we think about older narrow bodies, particularly MD-88s and we remained committed to doing that while achieving our EPS goals, achieving our cash flow goal and our balanced capital allocation.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, good morning Joe. What we talked about was if you recall at Investor Day – I'm sorry on the first quarter call that we had locked out the book that's where we sit right now, our expense recognition mirrors those cash flows. So we would expect about $200 million a quarter. We do have some modest quarterly impact in 2017, but it's rather immaterial, the crux about though is like we said the book remains flat and there is no participation, right now, it just sitting there.
Paul Jacobson: Hey, Jamie, it's Paul. I'll start and let anybody else chime in that wants to. I think when you look at just where we are in this particular quarter to quarter you've got a move in fuel that, if you just look at our mid point of our guide for 2Q against our 1Q actually is moved up almost $200 million for that impact and while RASM is improving sequentially its not keeping up with that pace in the very, very short term. I don't think that's a judgement on consolidation. I think it just on the volatility of where we are. Despite that move in fuel we're sitting roughly at where ended up at year end. So I think there's a little bit of intraquarter noise movement going on with the market generation.
Paul Jacobson: And Hunter, this is Paul. I'll just add there. We're not going to degrade the customer experience, put the customer experience at risk in chasing after CASM goal, nor we're going to add capacity to manage cost, capacity is responsibility of the commercial organization to match the demand and where we see that opportunity. CASM has to be driven by productivity and we're going to continue to do that and if we're successful with that its not going to impact the customer, only enhance their experience.
Paul Jacobson: Darryl we talked about CapEx for 2016 and long-term we mentioned that we've got some domestic fleet renewal needs and we don't have any updates to that number, but I think you need to wait and to see if we make decision along that line and we'll keep you posted.
Glen Hauenstein: Duane, this is Glen. I think we are very constructive because the not only do we have some positive chutes in Brazil, both first time in many years our close in bookings have actually provided positive momentum as it closed to -- negative momentum. We are coming off of a very low base in Brazil and as we start to lapse the currency changes I think we are pushing well with the capacity down towards and inflection point later this year.
Glen Hauenstein: No. I think we are already in positive RASM to already in some of our entities including Mexico now in Japan and domestic I think we have a good line of site for peak summer. So I think we have a lot of the network that’s doing better, that’s being also advised some very dramatic decreases in certain geographic areas including Brazil.
Glen Hauenstein: Helane, its Glen. One of the big contributors of course are the ME3, because they are included in our trans-Atlantic capacity. So for example here in Atlanta we have Turkish Airline starting non-stop services into Istanbul this spring. We also have Qatar flying from here to Doha this spring. And the Atlanta to Doha market is less people a day, so they're going to need to fill up on some flow. We don't they'll be successful, but those are capacity that we faced here locally that I think describe type of capacity that's in the trans-Atlantic. And on the other side in Europe itself you have some of the growth from the ultra low cost carriers that are attempting now to fly in the trans-Atlantic such as Norwegian, as well as some of the majors like Air Canada. So when you add all that together we get a trans-Atlantic capacity increase is in the high single digit, low double digit through peak summer season given the economic outlook for the United States and for Europe, we think demand will grow in the 4%, 5% range and so there is more capacity can be absorb by the increase in natural demand.
Glen Hauenstein: I think those are always are concerns. I think that the demand that is strong particularly ex U.S. and it's been little bit weaker ex Europe. But if these elevated level stay and fuel goes up and economies don't grow, I think that would be an indication that industry would need to full capacity in order to maintain margins.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, I don't think it's necessarily capacity reduction, but it’s a lapsing of the investments we made last year. So, as we get through the year our capacity in Seattle grew dramatically last year. Our capacity in the Europe grew significantly last year. As we get to that second half of the year those capacity additions start lapping each other.
Glen Hauenstein: You know If you look back over the last several years we had seven years of unit revenue expansion all of by it looks like about two years of contraction. It will be that two years of contraction which were caused really by fuel price being cut in less than half. And I think if you look at the coloration to fuel and unit revenues over time you'll see a very tight coloration in the longer term. So depending on what your fuel assumption is if you see fuel bottoming at $27 in the December time period and then you see a gradual improvement. Although longer, lower for longer I think that ultimately will be reflected in ticket prices and that's one of the reasons I think we're relatively confident that we will get to our unit revenue in the back half of the year than we did in the first half of the year. We coupled that was the foreign exchanges moving from a negative to positive, and I think that shows where we can get to. Back to the domestic arena I do think that most of this decline has been cost by the decrease in fuel.
Glen Hauenstein: I just would comment, I think we have the very best revenue team in the business and I think that we are very confident that we have a path forward and there is more revenue for us to garner from particularly corporate as we continue to separate ourselves from the pack in terms of our products and services. And really that's what our futures about; it's about getting pay for the high quality of services that buy in this national transportation network. So, if you spend some time I will walk you through some of the initiatives in more great detail, but we really do thing that we are poised to separate from the pack here.
Glen Hauenstein: U.K. specifically is probably for us less than 3%, but demand trends for the summer demand itself is strong, yields are relatively weak and lot of that was because of the currency devaluation, but now we are lapping that. So as we move forward from this point we should see actually a tailwind from the euro exchange rate. So, your question kind of indicates doom and gloom. We will confidently say that we have record profits in the trans-Atlantic this summer that's with the high degree of confidence that our profits will be at historic highs trans-Atlantic this summer. And as we get to June and as we usually do we'll assess what demand trends we see it for the off season and then we will take the appropriate adjustments if necessary to ensure that we have the right level of capacity in for the fall and winter.
Glen Hauenstein: Well, for many months and quarters now we've had advanced domestic yields and as they sit on the books for the out months in negative territory and as we get to summer of this year, peak summer of this year for the first time and quite a while the advanced bookings and advanced yield trends are favourable to the baseline Europe 12 months ago. So, that is optimistic and now we have to do is get through that whole booking cycle all the way down the day of departure and keep in the positive territory. When you're sitting out at 30, 60, 90 days with the minus three or minus four it's harder to make it up inside that. So that's kind of the trajectory we're on and seeing a much more favourable advanced book than we've had in the past.
Glen Hauenstein: New York is a very congested area in terms of capabilities, in terms of aerospace and it’s a very complex and incredibly expensive environment to operate in. And so, well, we are enthusiastic about Newark's slot restrictions being lifted. We are also realistic that their airport does not have an infinite number of or infinite capability to handle traffic. So we will examine the options very carefully and see what it is we do to improve our position in Newark, but I don't see a significant amount for us in Newark.
Glen Hauenstein: You know basic economy is really design for customers who solely are purchasing on price and I think our value proposition relative to the ultra low cost carriers is very, very strong. We have great customers, great operational reliability, great baggage delivery and we already have a lot of things that on other ultra low cost carriers are not free like. We don't charge for space in overhead bins. So if you're stopping for just solely price we want to have a product that can compete effectively and provide the best services against carriers who are providing a much lower quality of service. And I think that's what this is design for. And what we're seeing is when presented with the options and the really the way we get to the $20 million value is those customers when they were informed of what those product was show something else. And that's really how we get to that $20 million value. Remember it's really only in about 400 to 500 markets, now we have over 20,000 domestic markets. So our plan is over the next weeks and months we continue to roll it out. So we do have a great value proposition for people who are just looking for lowest possible fare.
Glen Hauenstein: Well Ted you know I would -- we don’t have any markets that we buy half way across the world, they had less than 10 people and I don’t think you will find many carriers in the world. So I don’t know what the latest is, maybe I’ll turn that over to Peter and he will inform you on what the latest is…
Ed Bastian: Good morning. This is Ed. Let me add a little more to Paul's comments. Our 2016 CapEx guidance remains in line with what we gave you an expectations, there's no changes there. We are in good shape as we look out on our international wide bodies, so there's nothing on that horizon that's changing. The focus we're in the midst of currently is the domestic fleet renewal over the next five years. It's not a short-term need. It's a medium term need, because MD-88s do need to retire. We have roughly 115 of them currently. And we also need to continue to up gauge our regional flying to the main line which we've had a lot of success in and there is much more to go. And I think we can do it cost effectively. There's been a lot of media reports. We have nothing to report at this time. There are no decisions taken, so I will not comment on any media reports. What I do hope is that we'll have more information to report and give you that medium term outlook when we meet together next month in New York at the Spring Analyst Meeting, but the one thing you can remain convinced of here at Deltas that we will stay disciplined on capital deployment as always. That will never change.
Ed Bastian: That is still the thinking and we do deceleration of that growth throughout the year. Thanks to Gil and the team one of the other good benefits we have in the first quarter with a much higher completion factor than we have preview. That was included in the higher number of spend for this quarter as well as the Leap Day. So we do see that number decelerating throughout the year.
Ed Bastian: Savi, as we said, we have nothing to report on any speculation in the media and we'll wait till we have something to tell, so we can layout what we're doing. But yes, absolutely, we continue to see good opportunities in the part out space and Gill and his team have created a new entity called Delta Material Services where we're going in and saving literally hundreds of millions of dollars in our tech ops and maintenance cost.
Ed Bastian: Well, Hunter, I don't mean to speak for Richard, but Richard is going to become the Chairman of our Board in a few weeks. And I expect Richard to fulfil the same function enrol that our current Chairman Dan Carp has done very ably for the last seven or eight years. Richard and I obviously very close and we speak a lot. And I would leave it at that.
Ed Bastian: And Darryl, this is Ed. Just to what Glen was saying. This is a different business and this is a different company and you also have to keep in to account the level of cash that we're generation and putting back into product and services and producing a product that customers want to buy and investing in segmentation technologies and merchandizing opportunities in corporate volume and volumes have stayed strong throughout this period. So, I'm optimistic we'll continue to produce the results that we talk about and we'll have – it’s a good question, we'll talk more in the spring meeting about that.
Ed Bastian: Dan, this is Ed. The GBTA report as I recall, I'd look at quickly the other night indicated that demand continues to grow, volume continues to grow and that's what we're seeing in our corporate space, our volumes were up in Q1 and our forecast through the summer and rest of the year for volumes still continue to grow. I think the numbers that they've revised down was more reflective of the current pricing environment in which fares our lower than were previously anticipated in the closing space. And I think – but we're not seeing any trend lines to give as pause.
Ed Bastian: That's hard to speculate on. Historically there's been a like and I think its anywhere from one to two quarters before RASM and volume adjustments get made to keep track of rising fuel price itself. Current environment is different than anything we've seen before at the same time, so it would be hard to speculate.
Ed Bastian: On the policy side, no, we're not seeing any significant shifts. And I'd say the Q2 guide is roughly in line with the trend lines that we closed out the first quarter at.
Ed Bastian: This is Ed. We are working very closely with our good partners down in Brazil and they are certainly through a reduction of their fleet. We haven't made any decisions yet as to whether there would be some of the aircraft that we would take either through addition into our fleet or to part out opportunities, but we're dialogue with them. We're not the only individuals at the table because there's number of lessors are also talking about sending aircraft back to.
Ed Bastian: I would say that we saw a deepening of the number of markets that were impacted by lower close-in-fares.
Ed Bastian: I think what we can do is we can get back to you on that in terms of more specifics, because it is a much more widespread phenomenon than it was. Last year was really just in some key business markets and now it has broader implications. The good news is that the numbers haven't gotten worst so they tend to balance out in demand, but it is different than it was a year ago.
Ed Bastian: As we get through the peak summer we do expect domestic to improve from where we are sitting in March. May maybe a choppy month, but I think June and July will be very solid, and we do get one point reduction or point and a half on the currency headwinds as well. So I think we have some good visibility to peak summer, second quarter isn't the peak for domestic. July is really peak, and that's really where we headed to try and get a positive RASM in domestic, we'll see if we can get there.
Ed Bastian: Seattle we're doing quite well. We continue to grow there. We had a very good margin in the first quarter and I think our outlook is strong there. We're not going to comment on proposed transaction. We'll react when we see what happens in the marketplace.
Ed Bastian: We don't have enough information, we don't have an informed opinion at this point, so I'd say, we're not making any plans.
Ed Bastian: We really don't have the details yet on what American and United product is, but I think we are consistent in saying whatever that product is, we want to have the best in class for it and we will make adjustments as necessary to make sure that for people who are just travelling on price as the only decision maker that Delta always offers the best product offering.
Ed Bastian: I don’t think that’s the case, so we can take that offline and discuss it with you but I think it might be the opposite.
Ed Bastian: Well Michael there is no decisions taken yet because GOL is still working through the impact with its -- and creditors down there but GOL has been public that there is a considerable amount of their capacity that they are reducing. And we as a number of stakeholders in GOL are looking at it whether there are some opportunities to take from used aircraft and either to enter into service and then induct or to part out those opportunities in both spaces.
Ed Bastian: We are not going to comment publicly fairly on the status of the negotiations were. At the table we are working hard, our pilots are the best and we want our pilots to be paid the best and that’s our commitment to them.
Ed Bastian: You know we have some great partners in China with China Eastern and China Southern and similar to how we transfer customers to our European Partners, AFKL and AZ, we think that the next few years is about continuing to develop those primary gateways in Beijing and Shanghai. And as you may know we’ve applied to our new services during this December from Los Angeles to Beijing and that’s going to be our focus for 2016 and 2017 as to our work to get that route and initiate it successfully.
Ed Bastian: We are always in discussions with our partners to strengthen and Korean Air is no exception. And as the landscape in the Pacific continues to evolve and the geographies change, we think Korean is a very very important partner for our success in that region in the future and I know they feel the same way about Delta.
Ed Bastian: As you may know there are five daylight frequencies available to U.S. carriers. We are in the process of filing our route case and that will become public here in the next couple of week, but before that happens we probably would refrain from commenting on it.
Ed Bastian: You know we have continued to de-emphasize Narita over the last several years and we will continue on that process. Haneda probably accelerates that process by a little bit as we look through the fall of scheduled period.
Ed Bastian: Thank you. And with that we’ll conclude our earnings conference call. Thanks to everyone for listening.
