Richard C. Adkerson: Yes, because that's provided for under the new mining law, which is -- which we're not -- our contract is technically -- has a status, it's called the lex specialis, which means that it was adopted by law and has a status of law there. The situation in Indonesia is -- in terms of resource nationalism, is something that the mining industry is facing globally right now. It comes of course, from the very high levels of commodity prices that we've had in recent years and comments about resource nationalism are popular politically. Indonesia is a country today that's a democracy. It has a free press; that's a different situation than it was during the 1990s. Just like comments we hear in our own political process, there are things that are often said that are changed as the reality of facing a situation comes to bear. We have great respect for the government. For years, people have talked about headline political risk in Indonesia whether it was because of the change of the government in the 1990s and the Asian financial crisis and the number of presidents that have happened since then. It's been a constant feature of our being in Indonesia and yet, what's also been a constant feature is after operating there for 40 years now, the government has honored the contracts. Indonesia as a country has become more prominent in the world from a financial standpoint. They're an active member of the G20 now. Their credit rating has increased, the internal economy has grown. They're actively attracting foreign investments particularly for infrastructure, and we're a big infrastructure investor. So I would just remind you of all the history of press reports and so forth that we've lived through. We're very experienced with this. We're working very positive with the government. We listen to them and we respect them and we want to find ways of working forward that is responsive to the issues in Indonesia but is also in a way that protects our assets for our shareholders. And as we talk to senior government officials, there's a mutual recognition of achieving both those objectives. So there will continue to be press reports, we'll report our progress and you can be assured that -- Jim Bob's had years and years of dealing with this. It has our attention, we're focused on it and we're confident we're going to work this way through that at the end of the day, the government will be happy and our shareholders will be happy.
Richard C. Adkerson: The contract provides that we have the ability to apply for the extensions, and we can apply for both of them at the same time. And we've started that process and we've started the discussions. And so, that is underway. At the same time, the government has separately started a process of reviewing contracts for all mining companies. And so those things are progressing together.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes. We've actually received -- we've already received our air permit for this project. As there's several permits to obtain; that is one of the critical ones. There are controversies in Arizona about new mine development projects. It's a different situation for us because we're expanding an existing mine and you just don't have the same degree of challenges with communities that you have in terms of expanding existing mines than building a new mine. Overall, we're in great shape with permits; we don't see any issues. The community in the county where we're working is supportive. The state government is very supportive. In fact, Arizona's celebrating its 100th year this year, and The Copper Club is going to recognize the state of Arizona as being -- rather than having a Copper Man of the year, we're having a Copper Club event here and I'll be giving recognition to the governor here. So it's a place where we feel we can operate where we are operating well and cooperatively with the community and the governmental authorities. Our cost situation, Kathleen is going to talk about that.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we're very positive about the outlook for our commodities. We have this growth pipeline that you mentioned. It extends over many years. The challenge, and this is one of the reasons that the copper price is so high, is that it takes time to develop new sources of supply, both from permits and community issues and engineering studies, and construction cost escalation is a huge factor of the industry. It's going back to where we were during the first half of 2008 and that's also an issue. So we are -- we look at opportunities. We have an internal team that monitors the industry and bankers are constantly bringing ideas to us and if we did something, it would be from an opportunistic standpoint because of the attractiveness of a specific investment. We have the capability and the financial resources to do things but the challenge is seeing opportunities that are attractive to us on the basis of their economics after you -- if you were to pay for their values and a premium to those values and how that matches up. We're going to be very disciplined in terms of managing capital allocation.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, let me just say, water accessibility is kind of the major issue for expansions in the Americas. I mean, it is a very significant problem. We're building a desalinization plant now to support our operations in the Copiapó valley for Candelaria. As we look at expanding El Abra, water is a huge issue there, and you'll hear other companies talking about it. At Cerro Verde, it has been a major issue. We looked at a number of different alternatives including expanding access to the river through dam construction that we had but this approach that we have about using wastewater for Arequipa is really -- looks to be a really attractive situation for that community as well as for us. And so right now, we're very happy with where we are and the community seems to be very happy.
Richard C. Adkerson: They're getting a better standard of living and we're getting access to water without competing with agricultural sources in the same way you would by developing other sources of water.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we have a great team. We -- one of the things, as we brought the Freeport team together and we did have a team that was focused on essentially a single asset with this Phelps Dodge group that had been involved in global operations but when we put those together, we ended up with just an outstanding team of people with high morale, people who are working together. And s, we have a good team that will provide for potential leadership for this company for years to come. Jim Bob and I are both real happy with what we're doing. We're both focused on this business. It's a dream come true in a lot of ways. And so we're focused with working with our team on the future and we have a great group of people that will be able to sustain it for a long period of time.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, the CapEx reflects the new project for the Morenci mill expansion. So I think Sal, as we've talked all along, as we advance these projects, at some point, we get them approved and both the project and the resulting production numbers start getting factored into our numbers. And that's what you're seeing with the CapEx standpoint.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we did give notice of force majeure during the course of the strike and we are working very cooperatively with our customers to meet their needs. We have long-term relationships with our customers. We do have a priority of providing concentrate to the PT Smelting smelter in Indonesia. And so we will lift this as we get back to full production and resolve some of the uncertainties that were faced in the first quarter.
Richard C. Adkerson: No, it's not higher than that. It varies depending on the type of ore that we have. And so full production can range from 220,000 to 240,000, and there will be occasional days that we will go above that or below that depending on the nature of the ore that we process.
Richard C. Adkerson: This whole area is one where the government is dealing with the new mining law, it's dealing with a number of different minerals which have different characteristics and it's really -- I wouldn't want to speculate on how these definitions ultimately get put down. But right now, there's not really specific regulations and so forth that deals with questions like that.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we're in substantive discussions. In terms of how to measure where we are in the process, that's really not possible. It is something you know that we're going to engage in discussions directly with the government and not indirectly either in the press or speculation and so forth. But the discussions are going well and we feel we're making great progress, Tony, and we'll just have to see how long this process takes. There is a sense of urgency though of dealing with it on both sides.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, Tony, just -- it wouldn't be appropriate for us to get into the details of our discussion with the government as we're having those discussions. I think I'll go back and just repeat what I said and the essence of what Jim Bob said is we're going to find ways of working cooperatively. I think Jim Bob made a good point when we talked about middle ground. There are certain issues where there may be middle ground, there's certain other issues where we'll have to stick to our guns on. So -- but really, it's something that we will work towards getting to a resolution that the government's happy with, our shareholders are happy with. And at this point, it would not be appropriate to talk about any specific issues that we're considering.
Richard C. Adkerson: And Tony, you're right. Except for one small unit at our Chino mine, New Mexico, we're non-union in the United States. This issue with dealing with unions and contracts is kind of a constant deal. I mean, you get one finished and you're shortly after that planning looking ahead, thinking about how to deal with it. We've had success in the past of often being able to get resolutions in advance of the formal timing for negotiations and that's what we'll work to do.
Richard C. Adkerson: That 9.36% stake was once owned by Indonesia. Through a series of transactions that's fully reported in our corporate documents, we acquired it. There is no requirement under our contract -- a requirement for us to sell it. But several years ago, the Minister of Mines and Energy and Mines asked us to consider it and we have -- and I've looked at a number of alternatives on it but no transaction has happened. In the past transactions that we had during the 1990s, the sales price was always referenced back to the publicly-traded price of FCX, and that's the basis that we would be looking at in terms of considering what fair market value is. We -- over time and we continue to look for the possibility of actually having a listing of PT-FI shares on the Indonesian Stock Exchange, that would be received very favorably by the government. That exchange has developed over the years to where it's created a liquid market, and that's one step that we see as potentially a positive step in terms of increasing Indonesian exposure to PT-FI.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay, any expansion requires infrastructure. I mean, it requires power and -- but the current investments that we made in power and infrastructure with some tweaking, we believe, would allow us to do one additional expansion beyond what we have now. Now to get back into -- and then to go to the major expansion involving sulfide or mixed ores, that would require significantly greater access to power, transportation. We're looking at different types of processing. And so all of that is important factor. We're working cooperatively with the government and looking at long-term infrastructure and with other mining operators in Katanga. Those infrastructure investments, by the way, are very positive for the community, for the government, for the country and so that's a positive for us being there.
Richard C. Adkerson: It does include the aggregate cost of our share and Rio Tinto share. The bulk of that is ours but it would include Rio Tinto's participation in those shares, and it would include the development of the deep Grasberg -- full development of the deep Grasberg and full development of all the resources and that involves an investment over a period of time. The point that we need to ensure that people in Indonesia understand, that investments we're making now and will continue to make will generate production volumes and cash flows beyond 2021 throughout the period through 2041, and quite frankly, there's resources there to be produced past 2041. Right now, we cut off reserve determinations at 2041.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes. We have -- we had an issue in the first quarter of people coming back to work. In some cases, there was not a full understanding of the CLA agreement so we had to go through with the union, a process of socialization, that's a word we use. But it's a question of communicating and getting people to work together. Not surprisingly, there were some tensions between the workers that were striking and our staff workers that did not strike and there were some non-staff workers who did not strike and so that was an issue. There were some implementation matters under the contract CLA that we've worked with. In many respects, the union has been supportive in terms of working with us, and we have a structure set up to consider issues that involve potential strife and to get those resolved. So I can't report that everything is resolved today. But as evidenced by the level of our operations that we're achieving now in the second quarter, we're making progress. And we're looking at this on a long-term basis. We're looking at quality-of-life issues for our workers as this is a remote, harsh area to live in. And so we're looking at working with the workers and the union to deal with those quality-of-life issues to create more harmony within the workforce.
Richard C. Adkerson: John, this issue of the stock buyback and financial policy with dividends are matters that our board discusses constantly and will continue to do so. To date, the board has directed returns to shareholders in recent years, let me just say to dividends and a number of our investors have responded positively to that. We do have a focus on projects and we've built a great momentum on looking at those projects. And the truth is it's difficult to turn these kinds of things just off and on. And we believe that these projects, with their high rates of return, ultimately create the value for shareholders and a lot of these short-term issues that affect the market and over time, there's a number of issues that affect the market. The concerns about Europe, for example, or issues in Japan, this resource nationalism is certainly an issue. But we really are focused on the long term and believe that by just continuing to invest in the kind of projects that we have is the right answer for shareholders.
Richard C. Adkerson: Chuck, that's a very valid point and it's something that's increasingly become an issue in terms of being able to get outside resources to work on our projects. There's a lot of competition for engineering talent and increasing competition for equipment. We, fortunately, because of our relationships, are able to deal with a lot of those. But it does require us to have a focus on the most meaningful projects for our company. We're constantly in the market looking for good people. Others are as well. It's interesting, when we first went to Indonesia, there was very low mining talent. And now, we see Australian companies coming in to Grasberg and hiring Indonesian engineers away. We're using engineering talent in Africa and other places. It's a great opportunity for countries like Indonesia and Peru and Chile because of the experience they're getting. So it is a management problem. We had our Americas operating team here last week, and that was a major topic of what we're talking about. So like a lot of things we have to do, it's a challenge and we've got to be way -- able to find ways to meet it. With our global operations and our ability to use people in different places and give them good career paths, it's a real benefit for our company.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, worry about is one thing. Conceivably, we could handle it with the existing system but it's -- there are ways of looking at transportation alternatives that could be very economic for us in terms of reducing costs and bottlenecks. So we are looking at long-term solutions but we're also looking at some short-term alternatives in terms of warehousing, alternative routes, alternative transportation means and that's an ongoing process. We don't see it as being a constraint at that level to produce oxides but there are certainly opportunities for us to make our business much more profitable by dealing with different transportation logistic alternatives.  We appreciate everyone's being on this call, and we look forward to reporting to you on our progress as we go forward. Thanks for your interest in our company.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Yes, in terms of the incremental cash cost of the expansion at Morenci, it's a very attractive cash cost relative to the current levels. We expect that incrementally, these pounds that we'll be able to process through the mill will be lower than our current average cost at Morenci. So it's an attractive project in that we're able to expand the current mill. We have the footprint to do it there and as Richard said, the permitting for this particular project is pretty straightforward. So we see it as a very attractive project and we own a significant portion of Morenci so it's impactful to the company.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Yes. The Morenci project was still in feasibility as of the last update. And so once we completed the feasibility study, we rolled that into our outlook. And then with respect to your question on the cash costs in the balance of the year, we are expecting to see slightly higher unit net cash costs in North America in the balance of the year and that's associated with higher mining rates and some mill maintenance activity that we have scheduled in the balance of this year.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Okay. We've got -- we did the Cerro Verde contract and the El Abra contract last year. We've got in South America, Candelaria that comes up next year and we'll likely work to try to renew that late this year in advance of the exploration next year. We also have waged discussions at Tenke Fungurume later in 2012. So really, we're well covered with the agreements that we had last year, and we've got some we'll be working on this year but they're not significant to the overall scheme.
Kathleen L. Quirk: We're producing an intermediate product called cobalt hydroxide and the price that you see that we talked about, a market price of $12, that's the price of the cobalt metal. And as we sell that to various processors, we receive -- essentially pay charges for them to process the material. So our realization would be reduced from the metal price to reflect the product that we're selling. It's generally in the area of about 70% or so of the metal price.
