Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Our results were released earlier this morning and a copy of the press release and slide materials for today's call are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet and anyone may listen to the conference call by accessing our website home page and clicking on the webcast link for the call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our 2017 Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. On the call today, Richard Adkerson, our Chief Executive Officer; Red Conger, who heads up our Americas business; Mark Johnson, who oversees our Indonesian operations; Mike Kendrick, who heads up our molybdenum business. I'll start by briefly summarizing our financial results and then turn the call over to Richard, who will be reviewing our recent performance and outlook using the slide materials on our website. As usual, after our remarks, we'll open up the call for questions. Today, FCX reported net income attributable to common stock of $869 million or $0.59 per share for the second quarter of 2018. Excluding net credits of $16 million recorded in the quarter or $0.01 per share, our adjusted net income totaled $853 million or $0.58 per share. Our adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the second quarter was just above $2.1 billion, and we've got a reconciliation of the EBITDA calculations on page 29 of our slide materials. We sold copper in the quarter of 989 million pounds, our gold volumes were 676,000 ounces and molybdenum sales totaled 24 million pounds. They were higher than our estimates in terms of copper that primarily reflected higher mining and milling rates and higher ore grades in Indonesia. Gold sales were slightly lower than our estimate, primarily because of quarter end timing of shipments in Indonesia, but they were substantially higher than the 2017 sales of 432,000 ounces, reflecting the high grades of ore that we're mining at Grasberg. At the second quarter 2018, average realized price for copper was $3.08 per pound. That was 16% above the year ago quarter average price. And gold prices averaged $1,274 per ounce. Those were also above the year ago period average price of $1,243 per ounce. Our average net unit cash costs for the quarter, and that's net of byproduct credits on a consolidated basis, was $0.96 per pound of copper for the quarter. That reflected strong performance from our global operations and continued focus on productivity and cost management. During the quarter, we generated $1.3 billion of operating cash flows. Those were cash flows net of taxes, net of interest costs. And those exceeded our capital expenditures, which were just below $500 million. We continued to strengthen our balance sheet during the quarter. Our consolidated cash totaled $3.9 billion at June 30 and our consolidated debt totaled $11.1 billion. That total debt number is down $2 billion since the start of the year. Net debt at June 30, approximately $7.3 billion, and that was over $1 billion less than at the beginning of the year. As you saw in the first quarter, our board reinstated a cash dividend on common stock and we declared a dividend of $0.05 per share under this new policy that will be paid on August 1. I'd now like to turn the call over to Richard, who will be reviewing our results and outlook and referring to the slide presentation materials on our website.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: Matthew, this is Kathleen. The economics of the Rio Tinto deal, joint venture will carry forward under the new structure. So there's a certain quantity of metal as you know that is 100% for PT-FI's interest and then the increment produced above that is shared 60-40 between PT-FI and Rio Tinto. And so that would continue that PT-FI, the existing shareholders of PT-FI would continue to have the 100% of specific volumes whenever they're produced. And currently that's expected to be produced by the end of 2022. So we're not expecting a change in this new structure and we're working with our new partner to make sure that those cash flows go to the existing PT-FI shareholders. And then the new shares that they'll get, they'll have 40% after a certain period of time.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: Well, we show a five-year estimate on that ramp up slide, so you can see what the next five years look like on an aggregate basis, and you can see it's pretty similar. In 2022, we reached 103,000 tons a day average for the Grasberg Block Cave. That'll increase to the 130,000 ton to 160,000 ton range. So the Grasberg Block Cave will become the largest part of our production profile after that. But really what you're seeing in terms of this shift to 2022 has to do with what Richard just said that we have higher grades at Deep MLZ earlier on and those have been shifted from 2020 to 2021, 2022 and then Grasberg Block Cave kicks in and will start increasing. That's why you see on a five-year average after 2022, it remains very similar.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: 2021 and 2022 are similar, and this is PT-FI, this is FCX consolidated under the current scheme at about 4.2 billion pounds and 2021 at this stage, I mean 2020 at this stage is 3.5 billion pounds.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: Right. And Oscar, also we want to just keep in mind, even though we're talking about these transition years at Grasberg, we're still going to have very low cost. Grasberg will continue to be a low cost mine in the portfolio even during the transition years and then getting to 2021, 2022. By 2022, we're back into a net credit position from a unit cost standpoint. So even during the transition years given the high grades of copper and gold in the ore that we're mining, our net cost will still be our lowest cost and then we'll have significant improvements as we get to 2021 and 2022 with the volume increase.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: The – Red can add to this. But the big change we've had in North America has been more driven by ore grades changes during that period that you referenced and also an increase in our mining rates. During the downturn, we did take steps to park trucks and do what we could to reduce costs as much as possible and mine different shapes. Now we're mining more in a sustainable sequence. We're not showing in our numbers any step change in North American costs from where we are now. We have experienced here in recent months some inflation dealing with energy prices, freight cost, sulfuric acid cost. But in terms of the big change, that was more volume ore grade related and an increase in our mining costs to give us a sustainable level of future production and ensure capacity going forward. But if you project out our cash costs leaving commodity inputs flat today, we're not showing any significant changes in our North American cash costs from where we are now.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: Yes, we're spending on the order of $800 million a year over the five-year period and that's $700 million net to PT-FI.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: Yeah, we'll have another mine called the Kucing Liar mine that is currently contemplated to be developed. We'll have to look at the economics on that one as we get closer to it. But as Richard said earlier, the infrastructure, all the money that we've invested today is largely in place. We've got some mill enhancements to make, but going forward, it's more the development that you do over time in the block caves. So, in terms of the infrastructure cost, those are largely behind us.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: Yeah., and the mill rate will also go down in 2019 and 2020 from where we are today. So we will have lower absolute costs than we have currently. And then what I was referring to is really looking at our net unit cash costs after the gold credits, will still be our lowest cost operation in the portfolio, and then get to this net credit position that we're enjoying in 2018.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: In these earlier years, it'll likely be less than that. Like I was saying in 2022 currently, we're projecting it to be a net credit. So that was the less than $0.60 a pound was more of a life of mine, but in this period, you're talking about it's likely to be lower than that.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: And so we really understand that and don't expect this problem that we have in the Deep MLZ to be experienced in the Grasberg Block Cave.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Let me just mention one thing. We've had a series of milestones in the development of Grasberg Block Cave including this week. This week for the first time we've delivered ore from that block cave through our ore delivery system that is using a train system, first time we've done that and we've actually this week delivered ore from the block cave to the mill. So through all of this stuff with export bans and negotiations with the government and all these other things, this team has just been relentless in developing this infrastructure and has achieved milestone after milestone. So we're ready to go. And like I said, it's like finishing up. It happens to be mined in the same mineral district. But this is like totally finishing up one mine and starting up a new one. And that ramp up is just like people face in starting up new mines in Mongolia or in Arizona or anywhere else. So it's – you need to think of it in that context.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So let me – thanks, Kathleen. Let me tell you how we're doing that. With Rio Tinto, there was a joint venture that was going to continue 2041. Rio Tinto never owned shares in PT-FI, never talked about owning shares in PT-FI. The government wants to own shares in PT-FI. And so in a step to cooperating with the government achieving its interest, we agree to convert that to 2041 – I mean to shares, but there would be a dividend agreement that we will receive dividends with respect to those shares until this Rio Tinto cutoff date would have been reached.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: It's just the – it's the ramp up. It's the ramp up and whether that ramp up was going to start earlier, it's going to start now. It's very high grades of copper and gold in this Deep MLZ, and so we just shifted the ramp up time. It's nothing more than that.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: But in the aggregate, there's not any spike here. There is not a spike here like you suggested. We build up to full production level, 200,000 plus tons through the mill that essentially extends through 2041 and with very high grades of copper and gold and all of this will now be within PT-FI. We'll have 50% of the shares of PT-FI. So half of it is ours, half of it is government.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So just to give you a quick flavor on that. The Deep MLZ in 2020 should be around 300 million pounds of copper and more than doubling that the next two years, the Grasberg Block Cave would be 200 million pounds in 2020, and by 2022, it would be over 800 million pounds. So that's the – we got two ramp ups going here...
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: ...with the Deep MLZ and the Grasberg Block Cave which is going to be the cornerstone of our future.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So our company's had experience with fracking and oil and gas business and so we spent a lot of time talking about the differences. This is fracking over a much narrower area and so forth and is so much simpler. But a lot of that fracking technology is – has been developed extensively in the oil business. So I think Mark's point was it's not a question of if, it's a question of when, safely.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So, Orest, that comment was kind of stating the obvious. I mean, here we've – mid-June for the past month, we've seen the price of copper go from $3.20, $3.25 to $2.75 and we got all these uncertainties overhanging the world's economy because of the trade talk and the trade actions. And we're showing operating cost numbers that are based on this current situation and we really haven't taken the steps that we would take if the global economy gets disrupted or China turns down. We've got a great track record. All you have to do is look back at what we did in 2008, 2009 and then what we did again in 2014. We have the flexibility to adjust to a lower price environment if we have to. A lot of our input costs are correlated to the price of copper. So we just want to make sure the obvious was there. We're not locked into this cost structure. If prices deteriorate, we have and would again adjust our operations to make sure that all of our mines are cash flow positive. We would defer expenditures. We would adjust operating cost as well as deferring capital expenditures and we'd hunker down again, for a period of time, and our company would continue to be cash flow positive.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: That just wouldn't be economic. I mean we've known that since the 1990s to continue to widen and deal with it. Mark, correct me, but, Oscar, it's not you leave that there forever. That ore is going to cave into the block cave, it's just going to be diluted with lower grade material.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So from the pit, we can get directly to the access. All that ore is going to come down, get mined, but it's going to be mixed with lower grade material and ultimately processed.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: And while I've made a comparison to completing one mine and starting another, Mark just said something, we're going to be able to develop these new mines by investing $300 million in the mill. And you all know how much new mills cost these days. So we're going to benefit from all this infrastructure that's been developed since going way back, but especially during the 1990s to be able to achieve these levels of volumes.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: That's correct. And I'll just comment, it's still a very profitable, profitable business for us, high volumes with cost with good margins. The industry, I mentioned earlier, a lot of input costs are correlated to copper prices. Now, we've had this unusual situation over the last month where we were at $3.20 and now $2.75. So it's really kind of a distorted situation currently. But at the end of the day, whatever economics globally results from what's going on right now is going to affect all commodities. And so our cost will track what happens with copper prices. We think our price is going to go back up. We have to fight this increased cost of energy and transportation and things like sulfur. I mean we just had a meeting last week as we do the week before every earnings call where we had 65 of our mine managers in and all we were doing is harping on this issue of fighting this – fight to maintain our margins, fight to maintain – how can we be more efficient, how can we use – we're using all this data analysis now. We're putting sensors on all of our trucks and trying to get more and more efficient and we're making progress there. But that's an everyday fight in our business, every day.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: It has not been settled and there's a lot of labor contracts in South America, and so far, we haven't had the sort of disruptions that potentially were there, but we've got some big contracts including ours that are still up in the air.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, I've always said strikes are contagious diseases. So it's clearly union people communicate, watch what's going on. So it's – we don't have an answer to that question, but clearly, there is a relationship.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, we have expectations and we're looking forward to further increases, but we're going to have to get past this current uncertainty with the global economy from all these trade talks, see how that goes. So right now that's deferred depending on that situation.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So that's divided between the two. The oxide project is now underway. We're actually, I mean, it actually looks like a mine now. Beginning earlier this year, we began transporting material. So that's underway. There's not really (01:05:25) any real significant equipment to go. We still have...
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: By year end 2020. And so then you turn to the sulfide and right now, it's understanding what it is. I mean, we're – like I said, we got six exploration core oil rigs working out there now. We're analyzing these recent results of our drilling we've done to-date. We're defining – the ore body keeps being extended, east and west and in depth. And so, right now, we're in that stage of understanding what it is and our development team is beginning to think about what this would be, how large would the initial development be, and how you stage that in terms of making sure you have access to the total resource. So it's in the early stage of definition.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: All right. Thanks everybody for participating and for your interest and we look forward to speaking with you as we go forward.
Mark J. Johnson - Freeport: This is Mark Johnson. As far as the hydro fracking, it's not something that we've ever applied to an ore body before. We've had the equipment for, since the end of 2017. In the first half of the year, we've been doing testing that was required to calibrate the density of drilling that we would need. So we've had a period of time where we've gotten familiar with the equipment, the geologic setting. Our drill crews have been trained and we've had vendors and we've met with various consultants. We also collaborated with others in the industry that have been using it for some time. So we feel very confident that we have the crews, the equipment, and understanding of the geologic setting, and the density in which we need to drill it. So it's new to us. It's not new to the industry. Codelco has used it. Newcrest has used it, and it's been very effective in their setting. The consultants that have worked with Newcrest and Codelco are the same consultants that are working with us. So we have a high level of confidence in their judgment and their guidance, the modeling that they're doing on how it's going to affect and allow us to advance the cave and the Deep MLZ. To us, it's not a matter of if the Deep MLZ is going to cave, it's how do we cave it safely, how do we cave it in a controlled manner, and that's essentially what we're doing. We still have some unknowns. As we drill these holes, we'll be starting, as Richard mentioned, we've already started drilling wells. We'll begin fracking within the next couple weeks and it's not really a very complicated technology. It's fairly simple equipment. It's high pressure pumps. It's packing. It's been used in the – it's a much different type of application in the oil industry, but from a pumping standpoint, it's not that different. So we feel very confident that we're taking the right next step. And as Kathleen mentioned, we've given ourselves some time. We've built in some contingency in our schedule for some of the unknowns. And I'd say that three months from now, we'll be able to give you much more accurate estimate as to how that cave is going to start up.
Mark J. Johnson - Freeport: This is Mark again. As far as the ramp up of the GBC, we feel very confident of the geologic setting, what we call the hydraulic radius, that's required for us to cave. The Grasberg Block Cave is very similar to what it was in the DOZ. It's around a number of 30. We feel that we took a central estimate on our ramping up of the GBC. We've got much better access to the ore body. We have a lot more flexibility than we had in the DOZ. We feel very confident in the ramp up and that there's, like I said, a central estimate. There's, obviously, some downside and we also see some balancing upside. So that is a much different, it's much similar to what we've seen in the previous caves, in the Deep MLZ, IOZ area. The one thing that we have to manage there, and we've got a very good start on, is the managing of the water going from the pit to the underground. And we've got extensive efforts there to ensure that we don't build up any inventory of water before we start the block cave. Having access in the pit, we've got extensive monitoring much more than we've ever had in the past. And I just believe our caving knowledge as a result of some of the issues that we've had in the Deep MLZ that we've learned a lot globally on how to cave. It's also lent itself to more confidence and more robust GBC plan.
Mark J. Johnson - Freeport: Yeah. We'll be ramping up, obviously, from zero, starting at the beginning of 2019. We have essentially two DOZ-sized mines that we're establishing in the Grasberg. And we're going to be ramping those up to 130,000 tons, 140,000 tons level in that timeframe up to 2022, 2023. Grasberg by itself will be in the 130,000-plus range.
Mark J. Johnson - Freeport: ... we're 215,000 tons in 2022. Between now and then, we put about $300 million of capital into the mill. One of the things that we have to do is add additional horsepower into the mill to get up to that capacity. One of the benefits that we lose when we move away from the Grasberg pit is that we currently drop the rock down, these 600-meter high ore passes. That has an impact on breaking the rock. We essentially fill that capacity up by adding more horsepower in the mill, but we do have plans in place of what would be required to get the mill back up to a 240,000 tons based on the rock types that we'll be mining in the future, the grinding capacity that we would need to get the recoveries. And that's all part of our long-term mill expansion plan.
Mark J. Johnson - Freeport: No, it's the – what we leave behind in the pit gets picked up very quickly in the block cave. I wish it was as easy, and what we're doing with this pit extension is about two-thirds our way down the pit along the ramp, we have the opportunity to re-mine the lower portion of that ramp. It's a relatively minor volume. It's about 5 million tons, but a very good grade, and it makes an impact, as Richard mentioned, this pit extension. We've had further modeling from our geotechnical experts that indicate that we can have six months of concurrent block cave development along with this re-mining of the ramp. We have some additional opportunity, if for whatever reason that the interaction didn't happen as quickly. We have some capability of continuing on for several months, but it's not a long-term pit extension. We would have to really go up to the top, mine through extensive waste stripping. That's a much bigger multi-year commitment. That's not what we're embarking on right here. It's relatively simple, relatively straightforward, the re-mining of a ramp.
