Kathleen Quirk: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our conference call. Earlier this morning, FCX reported our third quarter 2023 operating and financial results. And a copy of the press release and slides are available on our website at fcx.com. Our call today is being broadcast live on the Internet, and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call, and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. I'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our SEC filings. On the call with me today are Richard Adkerson, our Chairman of the Board and CEO; Maree Robertson, our Chief Financial Officer; Mark Johnson, Chief Operating Officer for Indonesia operations; Josh Olmsted, Chief Operating Officer for the Americas, Mike Kendrick, who heads our molybdenum business; Cory Stevens, who leads our technical services and engineering and construction group; and Steve Higgins, our Chief Administrative Officer. We are going to start with Richard. He’ll make some opening comments, and then we’ll be reviewing the slide materials, and then we'll open the call for your questions. Go ahead, Richard.
Kathleen Quirk: Thanks, Chris. Both of those items that you mentioned, the recent clarity around taxation in Chile and the issue between the treaty between the U.S. and Chile are both helpful. Quite frankly, if that hadn't been resolved, the latter had not been resolved, that would have posed a big challenge for us in developing the project. But that's been resolved. And so now we're really turning to the economic side of the equation. And we've been watching what's been going on in Chile with other major projects. We did a lot of work on this project, on the El Abra project, and it has good economics, but we want to retest those economics with current capital costs. And that'll be something that we've already started working on, but that's something we really want to get our heads around is, does it make sense? What's the timing given rising capital costs? I mean, you've seen really significant cost blowouts in Chile in recent time. And we want to make sure that we can deploy capital effectively, efficiently in this market. And as Richard was talking about, the copper price today doesn't really support new investment. And so, of significance. And so our focus really has been in this kind of environment on what we can do to be less capital intensive while continuing to advance our options and create optionality in the portfolio. Our plans in Chile currently are to invest in some water infrastructure, desalinization project that would allow us to extend the life of the current operation, and then that would give us optionality for the bigger expansion. And so what we're really doing now is trying to advance these things so we have optionality, but we're not wanting to commit to major, major, multi-billion dollar projects in the current environment. We all see this looming deficit coming, but the current price is just don't support big new investments like this at the current time. We know that will change over time and we want to be prepared at the right time to bring this project on. Permitting takes quite a while and Chile is on trying to streamline permitting. We're encouraged by that. In terms of the Codelco question on financing, they're very positive about the project and they've indicated to us support for it at the right time and we'll figure out financing this at the right time when we go forward. But right now we don't have to make that decision.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, the issue on the duty, you're talking about the duty, the situation there is that, as you're aware, our IUPK says that we're not subject to duties once the smelter gets over 50%. And the government issued some new regulations earlier this year, and this not just applies to Freeport, but all exporters for copper that are required to have smelters that are required to pay a 7.5% duty. And it's a sliding scale depending on how much progress you've made. We have raised the issue with the government, and they are reviewing the issue. They're also reviewing our progress of the smelter, and we're going to continue to work cooperatively with them. I want to just remind everyone that there's alignment of interest to a large degree there because the Indonesian government state-owned company owns 51% of PT-FI, and also PT-FI pays taxes. So the impact to the government of these export duties is also a significant item. So we've got support from our partner there to help us work through this issue with the government, and we're going to continue to -- I don't have a definitive timeline, but we're continuing to engage in discussions to address this. The extension discussions are also continuing. Our partner, MIND ID, is also very supportive of extending the operation. One of the really significant benefits that we've had in the new structure since 2018 where the government owns 51% is there is a better understanding of the time it takes to develop new resources or extend the resources. And so I think all the parties are aligned in that it makes sense to continue this operation beyond 2041. We made a lot of progress in developing a framework with the government on what the terms of that extension would be. A big catalyst for us is getting the smelter advanced and completed, and that, I think, would be a good catalyst for us to be able to continue to extend those operations out for the life of this resource. But conversations are ongoing. Indonesia is in an election cycle now, and so there are other things going on in the government. The government has a lot of priorities that they're balancing. But in terms of the want to and will of getting this extended to be able to continue the benefits that are very significant to the government of Indonesia and the people of Papua, there is good support for doing this. And we're working very hard to try to get it done as soon as possible, but the timeline is not under our control.
Kathleen Quirk: With respect to your question on the first topic, the Smelter project is being debt financed. And so we raised $3 billion in financing last year in long-term bond financing at the PT-FI level. So the economics of that, even though it's consolidated on FCX's financial statements, the economics essentially are borne by PT-FI shareholders. And we have a revolving credit facility as well to supplement that. So the Smelter, and that's why we look at it separately, it doesn't impact the cash flow we have at the FCX level that's available for distribution because it's being funded through these proceeds. With respect to other capital projects at PT-FI, those are funded internally at the PT-FI level. So when we look at the projects we're doing to complete the new SAG mill, when we look at the copper cleaner project, all of the capital projects at PT-FI, those are funded with that subsidiary's internally generated cash flows, which is very significant. And so, yes, as you increase capital there, it does reduce the dividends that come out of PT-FI. But these are really good projects that PT-FI has the ability to fund with its cash flows and distribute substantial amounts to its shareholders. In terms of the dividends there, that's really a function of what the performance of the business is. We have a policy, a dividend policy at the PT-FI level where all of the available cash flow is distributed to shareholders and FCX gets 49% of that and MIND ID gets 51%. But that's the policy that we're following and expect to continue to follow.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, we're updating our capital costs now for El-Abra. Previously when we ran the economics several years ago, it's been a few years ago before the pandemic when we outlined the potential for the project, today's price would have worked fine. It would have been a good return. But there were other factors that led us to put the project on hold. In today's world, we need to retest those economics. I mean, just look at the recent project in Chile of how much that cost increased and it's a huge, multi-billion dollar impact. And that impacts our thinking and that impacts economics. So, we don’t think we know the economics we ran previously don't apply currently. And so, we've been doing some work, we've been doing some additional work on the resource and we've got some positive things that have developed since then that will help the economics, but this capital cost inflation is a real issue and it's something that we need to keep in mind. On the Baghdad project, this is a project that with El-Abra, these are new reserves. So with El-Abra, it would allow us to produce reserves currently in the ground where we don't currently have infrastructure that can produce those reserves. At El-Abra, I mean at Baghdad, it's a different analysis. At Baghdad, we can produce those reserves over 80 years or we can double our processing capacity and produce those reserves over a shorter period of time. And so you have to look at the capital cost and how that interplays with it being an acceleration of production rather than new production. So we're looking, we're completing the feasibility study. The costs we believe are going to come in higher than what we expected them to and so that will have an impact on us. The other thing that will have an impact on our decision will be the availability of labor and whether we can execute that project efficiently. We're doing some things now to create options. We got the autonomous plans to put in autonomous haulage at Baghdad. It's our first mine in the U.S. that will do that and that's exciting for us and that creates options for us in the future. And we're doing some work, some early works to give us options there. But the numbers don't work. I think if you ask people in the industry, what it takes, people are going to tell you it's over $4 to develop new projects. But every project is different and that's why when we look at this leach opportunity, the potential to add 800 million pounds of copper with very low capital costs is very compelling and so we're going to be looking for opportunities in the near term during this uncertainty to expand our production but it's going to be through innovation, automation rather than high capital intensity. And we'll continue to test that and that will continue to evolve but that's the current thinking is that right now the copper price is not enough to support a major investment in a big expansion or a greenfield project.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes, it's a use but we expect some of that will turn in the fourth quarter. Some of what we had in terms of the inventories and receivables will turn but we are expecting a use for the year.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. On the duty issue, the duties are paid on concentrate exports. So, once we get the smelter done and ramped up, we will have no more exports of concentrates. We'll be, we'll be producing copper cathode and gold, the actual metals. So the export duty only applies to this intermediate, step of concentrates. So, there hasn't been anything in terms of we're still working with the government. Right now, the export license is through May. And so, we've still got to work with the government to work through this issue beyond May of having a ramp up period. We'll still be shipping some concentrates, exporting some concentrates during the ramp up. But we're going to work cooperatively with the government to make sure that those that continuity continues. With respect to the leach pounds, not every application is the same. But on average, we expect these leach pounds to come in at roughly a dollar per pound. And so, that is, that's why we're so excited. Most of this is in our U.S. business. And so, it'll bring down, if we're successful, and we're able to put this into our reserves, it'll bring down our average cost in the U.S. over time. And I'll just ask, Corey Stevens on the line, and he and his team are leading this initiative. And just wanted to ask Corey if there's anything that we didn't cover on leaching that you want to make points of that hasn't been discussed so far.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. And so there's a lot of value in this opportunity. And we see it, we can feel it. And we're pressing forward. But as we talked about earlier, we've got to get that going, at the same time we get our productivity, our key performance indicators improved in the U.S. And that's a big focus as well. So those two things we believe will generate a lot of value in our U.S. business and it's not capital intensive. So that's really our primary focus right now is on getting those two things going at the same time. And we've made great progress on the leach front. We're making progress on the productivity initiative front, but we've got more work to do there.
Kathleen Quirk: It was a go forward duty. So it wasn't based on retroactive. So go forward duty. And 7.5% of the exports values were assessed. Some of it's been paid, some of it's not been paid. And there's a process in Indonesia where just like any other process where you have disputed amounts or amounts that you're objecting to, you can go through a process and pay it, but you pay it with that advisory that it remains disputed. But for financial accounting purposes, given just the uncertainty of how it would all play out, we have accrued those costs. And so we've expensed those as we go. If it gets resolved, that'll get favorably, it'll get reversed. But at this point, we're accruing for these costs pending the ultimate outcome.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes, the new regulation didn't come out to June, July time frame. And so the second quarter, we didn't have duties. It was this June 10th date that triggered some new regulations. So you're right that we didn't have duties in the second quarter. So the duties that you're seeing in the third quarter relate to the third quarter shipments.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, thanks everyone for your participation. And we're available if anybody has any questions or comments. And just talk to David. And we'll look forward to continuing to report to you on our progress.
Richard Adkerson: Good morning. Yes, good morning. Thanks, Kathleen. As Kathleen said, she's going to review our operations and financial results for the third quarter. Big picture, we had very strong operations performance and this was really notable in face of a number of challenges we faced at different locations around the world. Once again, Team Freeport answered the bell and rang through. Stating the obvious is a complicated geopolitical and macroeconomic world. Freeport family around the world is sad for the poor people in Israel, in Gaza, and in the Ukraine and praying for a resolution to those conflicts. Macroeconomic factors with higher interest rates are negative for the price of copper and Freeport's equity. It goes without saying our business by design, by strategy, is correlated to the price of copper in response to the recent lower copper prices. We are supported by having a strong balance sheet, which we're committed to maintaining, and by having the ability to manage our capital cost and operations to be responsive to the price environment. We remain very confident about the long-term outlook for copper and for our company's equity. The current situation does nothing but bolster the longer-term outlook for copper prices as a commodity and for our future returns to Freeport shareholders. We look forward to answering your questions and I'll turn the call over to Kathleen to review our results.
Richard Adkerson: Sure. I think there's no question about it, Mike. As I said, our revenues and those of other copper producers are correlated to prices. As I talk with a lot of people, and I was just at LME last week, I was with a group of senators and congressmen in Washington the night before last. With the new cost structure, people's historical views of copper prices need to be adjusted. I mean, at one point, $3.50 or $4.00 copper price was considered to be a very strong price, but with the effects of inflation, it's not the same. And so you have to look at both of those together. And then the thing that's really striking to us, and you can see this in a number of other projects by companies around the world, is that capital costs inflation is significant and persistent. You can see from our own numbers, particularly when diesel costs dropped earlier, they've ticked up again some. But I thought we had good performance with our operating cost measures. But then when you get into this issue of major projects, the capital costs are really significant. We really are motivated to invest because we have strong conviction about the future of copper prices, but at the same time, history has taught us that it's best to be prudent in the way we commit capital. You might could incrementally improve returns if you were more aggressive near term, but we retain all these projects. We don't lose the opportunity, but we, and I believe others, are going to be prudent until they see how this current situation around the world with China and inflation and central banks activities, and now we've got the increasingly complication of geopolitical events going on. And that's why I made my comment at the outset that this does nothing but bolster the future supply deficit that the industry is facing. So it's a two-edged sword. We'd like to go forward, but we've concluded it's best to be prudent. And with the industry, I believe others will as well, and that just means that supplies are going to be limited for the future, the time when copper demand will be growing.
Richard Adkerson: Let me just add one quick. Hang on, let me just add one quick comment to support what Kathleen is saying. People, and I understand it if you're doing overall industry analysis, you're looking for what is the incentive price that triggers new production but Kathleen made the point that each project is different and then each company's situation is different. One of the strong things about our business is that because of our production levels, our resource base, our ability to add to production with things like leaching but beyond that more with being more efficient with technology working our assets harder and so forth. We don't face the same pressures from reinvestment risk that some other companies face but also other commodities face because of shorter reserve lives. And that's one thing I like so much about our business is that it gives us that flexibility to not have to take risks, not have to press things during uncertain economic times but as I mentioned earlier, to be just more prudent about how we run our business. It's a great strength of our industry to a certain degree, but of Freeport as a company, because of our strong production base and long-lived [Ph] properties and the ability to maximize production out of our existing properties by doing things smarter and using technology and working assets harder.
Richard Adkerson: Just remember, Brian, we weren’t exporting for a fairly substantial period of time there. We had this administrative delay for even having any exports. And that's when our inventory built up so much, we were able to sell it down. But we went for, what was it, Kathleen, about six weeks without having any exports. And so the duty is paid when it’s export.
