Kathleen L. Quirk: Yes, it’s slightly different. We had some carryover sustaining projects that we didn’t spend in 2012. Our CapEx in 2012 was slightly below what we thought we carried over some projects into 2013, but no material changes, just some slight timing variations.
Kathleen L. Quirk: It will probably be separate in terms of because of -- actually the Tenke operation doesn’t own a refinery. But we’ll make it, so that you understand the values that we are getting from the refinery.Brian T. MacArthur – UBS Securities Canada, Inc.:  Great. Thank you very much.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Oscar, as we approach at the end of the life of the pit, we’ll be in a net credit position in terms of, as I said the gold revenues will more than offset the total cost of production, as we get into the underground era and get ramped up. We expect the unit net cash cost net of credit at current gold prices to be below $0.30 a pound.Oscar Cabrera – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right, well thank you very much.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Jorge, on the first part of the question, we used the same pricing this year that we used last year on our reserves, it was $2 and on the mineralized material $2.20, so that’s consistent with what you have seen in the prior year.
Kathleen L. Quirk: John this is Kathleen, we've been spending on sustaining cap to CapEx, something on the order of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion, and as we've shown quickly during the '08, '09 financial crisis, we have some flexibility with those projections. The bump in 2013 reflects some of the timing issues that carried over from 2012 to 2013. We are investing an equipment to assure reliability. We're investing in trucks and shovels as we’ll expanding our mining rates, and so we do have some projects that we don't have every single year.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Tony, hi, this is Kathleen. on the first part of your question, regarding taxes, effective rate in this quarter was 29% and for the year, it was 32%. They were some adjustments in the fourth quarter as we looked at the overall average for the year. As we get improved income relative to the size of the company, the improved contribution from Indonesia which has our highest tax rate, we expect tax rates to – effective rates to increase during 2013. We’ve got some disclosure on that in the back of the press release, but currently projecting 34% to 35% for effective tax rate before the transactions in 2013.Tony Robson – BMO Capital Markets: All right. Thank you.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. The presidential election occurs in 2014, and the first round is midyear in 2014. this month begins the process also of electing a new governor in Papua. And so, Tony, 2013 and 2014 -- in 2013, a number of provincial elections will be held in Indonesia and the presidential and parliamentary elections will occur in 2014. We began a process in a formal way, a little over a year ago and talking with the government about getting our extension for our contract for those of you who don’t follow us that closely. We operate under contract of work in Indonesia, and we signed the most recent contract in 1991. It has a 30-year primary term, and the contract itself provides us the right to extend it for two ten-year periods through 2041, and we have to apply for that. The government cannot unreasonably withhold or delay granting that extension. Indonesia passed a new mining law and the country has undertaken review of all contract of works including ours, and what our discussions involved is a discussion around this review of contracts, obtaining the extension for our existing contract, and we are working cooperatively with the government to find ways of being responsive to certain of the aspirations of people and government and the population in Indonesia and protecting the interest of our shareholder by getting our extensions on a way that protects the values of our operations there. Confident we will be able to get that. The election and political situation in Indonesia requires time to go through the process, and that's what we are doing now, and we have made what I feel is a good progress and I am confident that we will be able to resolve this on a way that our shareholders will be happy with and that the government of Indonesia will also find acceptable.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, I wanted to comment on it because it is a factor. And I didn’t – well we see these emerging more positive views about the markets, and certainly today as I talk to people -- to our commercial people, to others involved in China, the view about China is more positive than it was say at LME week last fall. But well the copper market, Tony, as you know more better than anybody is a really pretty visible global market place, the one aspect that has less visibility is this issue about off-exchange inventories in China, and there are currently different views about the level of those inventories. Our people tend to believe that those inventories are not liquid like exchange inventories, but we have seen instances in the past of where the Chinese have adjusted buying patterns, and that’s the factor that could occur. When that happens, I’ve always looked underneath that to see what’s going on in the fundamental economy, because actions on buying patterns tend to be temporary and the underlying economy is really what’s going to drive the copper price long run, but I felt that I needed to mention that because those inventories are significant, and the question is, the degree of liquidity and how they come into play in affecting imports.Anthony Rizzuto – Dahlman Rose & Co.: That’s great; I appreciate it Richard and Jim Bob too for your insight as well.
Richard C. Adkerson: Brian, I’ll let Mark Johnson who is our Chief Operating Officer for Grasberg talk to you about that.
Richard C. Adkerson: We have ongoing conversations with the unions, and it’s different situations in kind of all the places that we operate. In Africa, we’ve had very positive relationships and have not had any controversy over union situations. We had a very difficult situation, which was really our first time to encounter this in 2011 with the labor union and PTFI. We’ve made progress in working with the workforce, with the union workers, and non-union workers, staff, which was major problems for us at the beginning of the year and affected our operations and worker productivity. We still have the issues to deal with, and we are working to achieve that. In our discussions with the union today, both sides have expressed a view of working to avoid a strike, but that is something that we'll have to deal with. In Indonesia, by law, contacts only last for two years. And so that's something that we'll have to deal with the labor issues or have become a issue throughout Indonesia today. And the government is concerned about it and we're working our way through that, but that's something that we’re just going to have to report to you as we go along. And I'm glad that you asked the question, because as Mark was responding to Brian, I think this is important to keep in mind, that these opportunities are what the ore body gives us, and we're going to have to work to achieve relationship with our unions to be able to take advantage of them in the way that the ore body provides us.
Richard C. Adkerson: Actually it is – that’s the nature of underground development is that, you have a continuing expenditure of capital as you advance the block caving operation. So unlike a big open pit in mill facilities, you have a one-time finance flow to capital and then you just have maintenance capital as you go forward. With underground development, there is ongoing expenditures to advance the block cave and that’s going to be part of our capital as we go forward. And I think, Kathleen, you have a comment, she is looking at…
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah, that’s right. And what you call a sustaining capital or investing capital is, that’s the nature of underground investment. Jim Bob referred this earlier, this is a big number for Indonesia and particularly for Papua. I mean you’re talking maybe $15 billion investment in a country that’s looking to get investments. We have a workforce of 23,000 people there including employees and contractors. We are more than 90% of the economy of the Mimika region where we are located two and a half and two-thirds of the economy of Papua which is really important to the government of Indonesia. We support businesses and infrastructure development and so forth. So as you think about this labor issues and these contract issues, that’s the context of where we’re operating. It’s important for our shareholders to support for Indonesia.Oscar Cabrera – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Absolutely.
Richard C. Adkerson: Let me just make sure, I’d say something, that $1.15 was consolidated, not at Grasberg.Oscar Cabrera – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah.
Richard C. Adkerson: The $1.15 going from a $1.48, $1.35 to I’d say, $1.15, $1.20 is consolidated. In that context, Grasberg goes back to being as I said, a situation of where – let’s say beginning in the fourth quarter of next year and through the life of the open pit, where the gold revenues were totally fund and perhaps more than fund the operating costs. So Grasberg costs will go to zero or below, which is what we’ve had in some years in the past. But for years, we’ve been talking about the situation as we get to the end of the open pit, where you’re stripping drops off dramatically. You’re down in the lower elevations of the pit where the higher grades are. We’ll be retiring equipment and reducing workforce and cost will go down and volumes will go up, and that's a good direction to go in.Oscar Cabrera – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And that’s…
Richard C. Adkerson: That's based on today’s input cost levels and everything else. So below $0.30 a pound driven by what happens to input cost in – those are large part correlated to copper prices and gold prices. So it’s still world-class in every respect.Oscar Cabrera – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, absolutely. Thank you very much.
Richard C. Adkerson: And then Jorge, that slide that we showed for the near-term reserve additions potentially can come from with a big element from El Abra and others, that’s doing exactly what you’re talking about, that’s looking at those resources and doing the work that it takes to get it to reserves and essentially what that requires is feasibility study. We have to be able to demonstrate that we can come up. We know the resources are there, they have been identified through our drilling, core drilling, and now the process of converting them to reserves required that you look at the mine plant, access to power, and water which is critical. In Northern Chile of course, this size of processing facilities, the cost, how you deal with metallurgy and processing and all of those factors and those are major things that require time to work on. So that’s really…
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. You’re right, it is net debt and with the continuation of current commodity prices, we should reach that target level in a relatively near-term, roughly 2.5, 3 years or so. So we should be down to that in a relatively short period of time, assuming continuation of current commodity levels, price levels, and what that allows to do is kind of all three of which, you’ve talked about, continue to invest, have the excess cash to shareholders, kind of be in the situation we’ve been in recent years. We got down to zero debt.
Richard C. Adkerson: Net debt at FCX, not because that was necessarily a financial strategy to get there. It happened in fact when we finished the Phelps Dodge deal, Jorge you may recall that we were talking about having long-term debt of roughly $7 billion at FCX going forward. but after 2008-2009, we had gotten to be very conservative, because of the risk there about managing cash and when the markets came back quicker and stronger than people anticipated. The copper prices start rising by the second quarter of 2009, we used that cash then to reduce debt, and so it was more of a circumstance of those times as opposed to the financial strategy, we like many of our shareholders have expressed to us believe that we should maintain an appropriate amount of leverage to leverage our balance sheet for our equity returnings, $12 billion would be less than one times EBITDA and so that’s kind of that we’re thinking about doing right now. And that said getting down to zero net debt was more of a circumstance of the situation as opposed to a financial objective that we were pursuing.Jorge Beristain – Deutsche Bank Securities: Got it, thank you very much.
Richard C. Adkerson: And one other thing Jorge, I want to go back to this issue of this $2 and $2.20, I’ll make sure everybody understand, that is not our projection of prices. It’s not our view of any kind of long-term price of copper. It’s what we have to do just to comply with SEC reserve determinations and we’ve used this, it’s not something that easily changeable because you’ll have to – if you change the price you have to develop new mine plants and so forth, we actually as a company don’t have a long-term price projection. We consider a scenario of different prices when we look at investment opportunities, as I said before we want to manage downside risk, get exposure to what we believe is going to be a very positive future for commodities, and in that way we can make money and protect our down side risk.Jorge Beristain – Deutsche Bank Securities: Great, thank you.
Richard C. Adkerson: And this issue about getting to the end of the mine life at Grasberg where we’re going to be as I said, cutting back on equipment and so forth our sustaining capital at Grasberg will be dropping dramatically as we go forward. So let's see Kathleen is looking at this depreciation number.
Richard C. Adkerson: No, no. That’s simply where we are now with our plans. We don’t include CapEx in our outlook unless the projects have been approved. We are going to work hard as we talked about earlier to find new projects in our mining business to spend capital only because we think that is the way they create long-term value for our shareholders. So it’s a practical matter. It’s going to take time to get these projects to the point of where we can get them authorized. We are going to be responsive to the market conditions as we go forward, but we hope to find ways to spend capital, but this thing that we talked about earlier, they are just constraints on how quickly you can spend it, because we had to do these feasibility studies and other factors. But there is not really a normal aspect to this. We are going to be very return oriented to see where can we spend capital and get strong returns for the shareholders.
Richard C. Adkerson: And John, there is not going to be a – this is not a question of having an old Freeport and new Freeport. This is going to be the long-term tradition of Freeport going forward in terms of the way we run this business and allocate capital and be disciplined about the way we do things. So this is not any kind of transformation, transaction that’s going to change the traditions that have been part of this company for the long period of time.
Richard C. Adkerson: For FCX? I’m sorry, Tony, I was looking at something else. You asked about shareholder for FCX. There will be shareholder votes for McMoRan and for Plains. For FCX, there is no shareholder vote. The requirements for shareholders vote are set by the New York Stock Exchange and we operate under Delaware law and the number of shares to be issued in this transaction to Plains is, that doesn’t exceed those levels requiring a shareholder vote and when shareholders votes aren’t required, I’m told by the lawyers virtually never held because buyers would not be willing to accept the condition in terms of agreeing to sell a business generally not in this case on the basis having some sort of voluntary shareholder vote.Tony Robson – BMO Capital Markets: Thank you.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay, well, just to comment about it, Paul as you noted, we have had a tradition of not hedging in our mining business. We manage our price risk by the way we structure our portfolio of assets and respond at different pricing market conditions. Many of our input costs in the mining business are highly correlated to the price of copper. So if price goes down the input cost go down, and so forth. Hedging is more common among in the oil and gas business. We’re independent producers. Plains had made a significant acquisition of assets from BP earlier, well in 2012 and had adopted a business strategy of delevering the debt that it took in connection with that acquisition and the hedges that they put in place were supportive of that deleveraging strategy and that will carry over to our own deleveraging strategy because their production volumes have a strong history of production and now by having prices assured at attractive levels will be able to have degree of assurance for our own policy of reaching these targeted debt levels that I mentioned earlier. Whoever will go beyond that is something that we’re going to talk about and consider as we go forward. And that will be part of our review of the strategy of how we invest in oil and gas business, but that is not yet…
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, Wayne this investment that we’ll be making in oil and gas business gives us a platform for looking for growth opportunities across a broader range of assets. And so we’re going to be, first of all, I want to say, we are going to be disciplined about it, our business plan of delevering and where we commit capital. But it will give us an opportunity to consider where to invest for the highest returns. There is not a plan to make acquisitions either in the oil and gas business or in the mining business, but we’re going to be cognizant of opportunities across the set of assets that we will have and we will make decisions based on our assessments of those opportunities and the discipline factor. And we are focused on achieving success in the investments in McMoRan, the investments in Plains, where there is significant growth opportunities that complement what we have in our mining business and that’s what we’re focused on as supposed to any kind of long-term strategy about future restructurings of the company.Wayne M. Cooperman – Cobalt Capital Management, Inc.: All right, thanks.
Richard C. Adkerson: All right. well, thanks to everyone for participating in our call and we’re available for follow-up to the extent you would like to follow-up.
James R. Moffett: Tonly, on the double edge sort of copper prices that Rich was talking about, I think it’s important to bring up at this point, the extensive list of projects that are either being delayed or canceled in all of the mine basins, and of course this is because the commodity prices have gone up so rapidly, but unfortunately as these mines are developed, the cost of development whether you are talking about mining equipment, trucks, all the metal that is used to, the greenfield projects actually, all of you are aware that some of these costs have gone up double and triple, and people are just walking away from the projects, delaying them (indiscernible). Extensive list, 30 to 40 of these, what does that mean? That means that those projects have been put into people’s long-term projections of supply demand for copper. those projects are not going to happen and that’s exactly why our Greenfield projects have been, it’s harder than the Brownfield. And the Brownfield, as Richard said, we already have the existing infrastructure. so we have a whole way to look at cost, and have an idea of what it’s going to cost to make the expansions, but going into the Greenfield area, new country, new infrastructure maybe of lack of infrastructure. So those projects are not going to get finished that people were counting on for supply demand are going to have a huge impact on the price of Copper. So that’s why we on a long-term view, the copper has been very positive because of lack of new projects coming on will drive the price of copper higher, which benefits our very active program over the last six years since the -- six, seven years since the acquisition of Phelps Dodge.Anthony Rizzuto – Dahlman Rose & Co.:  Thanks, Jim Bob.
James R. Moffett: This is Jim Bob. Let me just add, the 21% of our cost as you’ll see from the charts is energy related. So by having the oil and gas hedges that give us good price for oil and gas is the hedge, our energy cost that we have across the board in our mining business.
James R. Moffett: Wait, this is Jim Bob, wait a minute, I will just add to that. When you talk about what we are going to do, I have been Chairman in this company now for over 30 years and CEO for 20 years, Richard have been CEO for 10 years, so you have got 30 years of management that you’re seeing and nothing is going to change about this dialog what we do. What we try to do is to be the best management team and for that matter in the corporate, and we think we’ve done a pretty good job on average and our employees also have a well documented record. So what we’re going to be doing is, to use cash flow and resources that you are saying in the pro forma. And looking at, how do we and does that regionally or globally because with these acquisitions, we’ll now leapfrog, we’re bigger than (inaudible), we’re bigger than (inaudible), we’re bigger than Anadarko, we’re bigger than Apache, (inaudible) is the only company that’s slightly large in here. So we’ve got a resource even now which is basically a major resource, which you can complete with the majors more or less. But what that means is we want to take this Board and the management, Richard, myself and many of the employees, we are going to be looking at the best opportunity to grow our assets. And what we do with the capital, would have been, the prices of the commodities are, we’re committed to having the size of products that Richard talked about, we’re committed to do Rich, I and the shareholders. So nothing changed about this company obviously. 30 years of management, this guaranteed continued management of the company. This Board has a solid record. We acquired Phelps Dodge and we’ve shown inside into that and we’re taking a company that was 150 year old company, and tripped in the reserves that they had, the timely acquisition to our exploration expertise. So what everybody needs to remember is, the authority is that you’ve with the management. Now this is Jim Bob and our great Board of Directors made decisions that yield same kind of returns you’ve had in the past.
