Kathleen L. Quirk: Thank you. Good morning everyone, and welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Our results were released earlier this morning, and a copy of the press release is available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet. And anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. We have several slides to supplement our comments this morning, and we’ll be referring to the slides during the call. The slides are also accessible on the webcast link at fcx.com. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call, and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments today, we’d like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on this call include forward-looking statements. We’d like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our SEC filings. On the call today is Jim Bob Moffett, our Chairman of the Board; Richard Adkerson, our Chief Executive Officer; we also have several of our senior operating executives here today, Mark Johnson, Red Conger, and Dave Thornton. I'll start by briefly summarizing our quarterly financial results, and then turn the call over to Richard, who will be going through the materials on our website. As usual, we'll open the call for questions, following our prepared remarks. Today, FCX reported second quarter 2012 net income attributable to common stock of $710 million or $0.74 per share compared with $1.4 billion or $1.43 per share for the second quarter of 2011. Our second quarter 2012 results included charges for adjustments to environmental obligations and related litigation reserves, which affected net income by $53 million or $0.06 per share. Our second quarter 2012 consolidated sales of 927 million pounds of copper and 266,000 ounces of gold were higher than the April 2012 estimates of 895 million pounds of copper and 235,000 ounces of gold. This primarily reflected how our copper volumes in North America and how our gold sales volumes in Indonesia, which were principally timing related. Our second quarter 2012 consolidated sales as anticipated were lower than the second quarter of 2011 sales of 1 billion pounds of copper, and 356,000 ounces of gold, primarily reflecting lower ore grades and production rates in Indonesia. The lower copper sales volumes also reflected lower ore grades in South America partly offset by increased production in North America and Africa. The operations in productivity at PT Freeport Indonesia have continued to improve following the first quarter 2012 work interruption, the milling rates in the second quarter of 2012, our average just under 180,000 metric tons of ore per day, that compared with the first quarter average of 115,000 metric tons of ore per day. The mining operations in the Grasberg open pit are approaching normal levels and the undergoing mining operations at the Deep Ore Zone or DOZ underground mines continue to be ramped up, and we expect to reach 80,000 tons per day in the fourth quarter. Mining rates at DOZ average 45,000 metric tons of ore per day in the second quarter. Our molybdenum sales during the second quarter totaled 20 million pounds, and that was in line with our April 2000 estimate and the year ago period. Our realized copper price of $3.53 per pound in the second quarter compared with the realized price of $4.22 in the year ago period. We realized just under $1600 per ounce of gold in the second quarter that compared to just over $1500 per ounce in the second quarter 2011. Our realized molybdenum price was $15.44 per pound in the second quarter of 2012 compared with just over $18 per pound in the year ago period. As anticipated, our consolidated average unit net cash cost of $1.49 per pound in the second quarter were higher than the unit net cash cost of $0.93 in the second quarter of 2011, primarily because of lower volumes in Indonesia, and higher mining rates in North America, and lower byproduct credit. We generated operating cash flows of $1.2 billion in the second quarter of 2012, which exceeded our capital expenditures, which totaled $840 million during the second quarter. We ended the quarter at June 30, with more cash than debt. Our consolidated cash at the end of the period approximated $4.5 billion, and our total debt approximated $3.5 billion. In May 2012, we paid a quarterly common stock dividend of $31.25 per share, and that followed the February 2012 authorization by our Board of Directors increase the annual dividend rate to $1.25 per share. We have about $949 million common shares outstanding. I'd now like to turn the call over to Richard who’ll be covering the materials in our slide presentation.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Oscar, it’s Kathleen. That reconciliation just says, what would be a 2012 average cash cost on a consolidated basis. If we were to roll in the estimated production both copper and gold from Grasberg in 2013 and ’14. And so it assumes the same $1,600 gold that we are using in the second half of this year. And this rolls through what those volumes are, and we expect Grasberg, unit net cash cost to look a lot like they did historically before this year in the outlook. And so on a consolidated basis, that has the effect of dropping our consolidated cash costs by 30 plus cents.Oscar Cabrera – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Great, okay. Thank you very much.
Kathleen L. Quirk: But in general, the five year plan at Grasberg and PT-FI is substantially the same as the previous plan.Richard Garchitorena – Credit Suisse Securities: Thank you.
Kathleen L. Quirk: The other thing Melissa, this is Kathleen. The other thing is that we’ve also got some lower byproduct production forecast as you look at our outlook for sales. We expect to go from roughly 80 million pound level, currently the 90. So we’ve got some offsets with byproduct and as Rich and Dave mentioned, we’ll have a delay to flex production with Henderson to meet market requirements.
Kathleen L. Quirk: The issue at the byproduct is the sequencing issue, primarily at our U.S. mines. We have some lower grades coming in 2013 and it will ultimately get back to higher rates.
Kathleen L. Quirk: There is no additional capital, we designed the facilities to be able to produce at 30 million pounds per annum. We’re operating those currently at a reduced rate in light of the market situations. So there wouldn’t be additional capital and actually there would be operational cost efficiencies of doing that. But we’re really trying to wrap it up in a measured fashion. We’re managing the costs closely. So we’re – but we did design it for the 30 million pound level.Jorge Beristain – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Great. Thanks very much.
Kathleen L. Quirk: We provide the coverage, we get some reimbursement through premiums from employees, but the coverage that we provide is funded by the company, it’s a self-insured program.Charles A. Bradford – Bradford Research, Inc.: Some people are trying to take advantage of the federal or the subsidized state exchanges. And of course nobody knows that that’s going to be yet. But anyway thank you very much.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, Dave, it’s a process that we just can’t. We can’t identify those things, we’ve been thorough things like this in the past, it’s not something that’s set with a specific regulatory timeframe. Both government representatives that we’re speaking with and our team really wants to get this done as quickly as possible. And then, we’re certainly going to be responsive as we can. We hope that the government can meet it’s targets of completing these reviews by the end of 2013, and we’re going to continue to work to do that in advance of it. So but, it’s not something that has any sort of set timeframe that we can say, here is the milestone.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well Sal, let me just say one thing that I think is really important in looking at those inflation rate, a lot of our significant elements in our costs are correlated to copper prices. So when energy cost or when steel cost or certain other input cost increase, it’s in a world where the scenario is the copper prices were increasing and we are able to maintain or increase our margins, because when you look at those other cost elements, it’s hard to picture a commodity that’s better situated from a price standpoint than copper, because of the supply challenge. : We’re doing a major test right now with the Caterpillar’s large trucks, and they’re putting money into that, we’re putting money into it, and we believe at the end of the day, we’re going to come out with a lower cost alternative for our big truck fleet, which is going to be very helpful to us as we ramp up these mine rates and mines take advantage of the resources. So, it’s something that we fight every day. And we are – when we look at our outlooks here, we’re not projecting significant inflation. Labor rates are increasing through around the world, but if that inflation hits certain of our costs, it will we be in an environment with a much higher copper prices.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, that was right at the forefront of our mind five years ago. Obviously, we had a lot of debt at that point and we were taking of – working with our new team, how we would manage that. I think we had a great track record in 2008, 2009 for what we can do. And when you look at our set of assets, our set of assets, we have an ability to do that in a way I think that’s better than many others in the industry. We were able to adjust operations at Morenci and drive our cost down dramatically. We can defer some of these projects, if we have to without loosing them. And there is always some inefficiency of starting and restarting, but we did that at Climax. We were going out at Climax and we deferred it, and came back and completed it when the financial situation was improved. So, and when we did that we always did it in a way, so that, one, we wouldn’t loose assets or we wouldn’t loose opportunities to grow, because we believe the longer-term view even if we do face a downward correction will ultimately be positive. So we have plans of doing that, our project economics are not built around having to have $3.50 copper. And so we can take that into account, but as we’ve shown, if we have to, we have a business it can be adjusted to take into account some period of lower prices.
Richard C. Adkerson: In June we had a nine day scheduled maintenance for realigning SAG mill. And we made our targets, we were targeting 180, and we may have met our plan. As we look forward into the third quarter, we’re looking at 200, a little bit better than that. So we anticipate normal operations in what you’re seeing. In the second quarter numbers, it was a scheduled nine day maintenance to realign one of our big SAG mills.
Richard C. Adkerson: No, we will get back to that higher grade ore, most of what you see is just rounding differences but I would suggest, spend some time looking at our supplemental slides, and look at that outlook and I think you can get a good understanding about what we’re doing here and...
Richard C. Adkerson: Right now, it depends on – I'm want to say some qualifiers, John he knows this industry well enough that I know I'm not, did you understand this. It depends on how these studies unfold. We want it, we’d like to go faster than we can but it just takes time because of the need to drill, to do metallurgical work, engineering analysis, get permits, arrange for water and power. I mean if you could just see the effort that our team is exerting to find water resources here in Arizona for the opportunities we have. We are looking at buying ranches, we are talking with Indian tribes, we’re talking with other water users, and dealing with things. So all those things result in a longer time period for developing these resources than we probably like. On the other hand, everybody in the industry faces these sorts of things and that’s what supportive of copper prices, because supply can’t be turned down very quickly. I would say that as we look out and what you are talking about that for purposes of investor analysis, the capital expending is shorter than the lower end of that range as you were talking about, $4 billion, $5 billion, $7 billion.
Richard C. Adkerson: That’s going to unfold over time depending on copper prices and so forth. But we are thinking about pearls and diamonds rather than dresses, John.John Charles Tumazos – John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: We just don’t want to feel subordinate to the capital expenditure vendor suppliers to shareholders and I’m a shareholder Richard and I idolize Jim Bob and you in the company.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we appreciate that and we understand that and I can tell you that message came through loud and clear as we have these investor conferences, and that’s the world today. we will be very disciplined about our projects. We believe the investments we make will create value for shareholders and the opportunity to return cash for shareholders as we go forward. and as I said John, as you can sense, I couldn’t be more pleased with the set of assets that we have. You know our track record; you know what this Board has done and what this company has done in the past. So I hope that give you some comfort.John Charles Tumazos – John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: Thank you.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah, you’re seeing that in fact this year, with Climax starting up, our sales are relatively flat compared to last year and that’s the same reason.
Richard C. Adkerson: Both of those have resources that we're looking at down the road. They have great expansion opportunities to Sierrita; we have the Twin Buttes property that we acquired for couple hundred million dollars that we're looking at. So we talk about these, this pipeline of opportunities those are two mines that have resources that we're looking at very hard.
Richard C. Adkerson: Right, right, it would require that further expansion. It's that opportunity that would get us to those kinds of levels.
Richard C. Adkerson: It would be a big capital expenditure. And it would be the sort of thing that would be done, faced on the world’s need for copper. Like, which you said about optionality. Having this here, gives us the chance to generate lots of volumes, lots of profits at today's prices, lower prices the world’s needs for copper growth, I believe they will. We didn’t have a resource like this where we can go in, make an investment, take advantage of that opportunity as an option.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah, it’s a long-term deal. It’s separating apart from ourselves sulfalix project. We looked at what to do as we were going from the hot side into the sulfur resource. And as frankly, we weren’t aware of this resource five years ago. It was only through this process that we had tried to understand that ore bodies do a lot of drilling, and so forth that we became aware that there was a bigger opportunity yet at El Abra. It has got some challenges to overcome, some big challenges to overcome. We decided to go forward with sulfalix and continue to work on this additional sulphide resource which would require major capital view processing, it won’t be a leach operation, it will require lot more water and power and all those things that are in short supply until it probably require us to work with our partners in the area to find ways of doing this in an efficient way. It’s an opportunity, Brian, but it’s a separate opportunity.
Richard C. Adkerson: Great asset, Jorge.Jorge Beristain – Deutsche Bank Securities: It sounds good. I’m looking forward to seeing the incremental production.
Richard C. Adkerson: We’re looking at alternatives about how to deal with this significant amount of cobalt in the small market, in the small market of getting it to market in an efficient way. The same sort of issues conceptually that our predecessor companies faced with the molybdenum business. So we’re looking at a number of different alternatives. Right now, we’re able to market the product we produce, and it’s a good demand for it, and it’s not something we have pressure on and it’s more of a long-term view as to how we’re going to deal with a significant amount of cobalt resources there.Paul A. Massoud – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Richard C. Adkerson: Chuck, we don’t have a cost per employee situation here. we’re not going to (inaudible) our medical coverage for employees. We, it’s one of the important benefits that people see from working with our company. this issue about what the cost is going to be is a very complicated when that all American industry right now is trying to sort through as to what it had. it’s not going to be a game changer for us, it’s – and we’re going to find ways of dealing with whatever law comes down this hike and what we have to deal with in terms of being responsive to the needs of our employees and doing it on a cost efficient basis. Over time we made changes to our benefit plans and as other companies have, but this is not something, that’s of huge significance to our company.
Richard C. Adkerson: I agree with that and you know, unlike everybody else read and scratch my head about it, in terms of running our business is something that’s manageable.
Richard C. Adkerson: It's something our board looks at continually. I will tell you, in a world that we live in today, with the uncertainties that I mentioned earlier on in my comments, it feels great to have really a very strong balance sheet. And so, all I can say is that, our board talks about this continually and evaluates it, but in an uncertain world, having a strong balance sheet, to be in an investment grade rated company that allows us to look at opportunities, is a great benefit of our company and Wayne you’ve been around as long enough to know, it always hadn’t been that way and I guess that it’s just a great strength of our company today.R. Wayne Atwell – Global Hunter Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Richard C. Adkerson: All right. Well, thanks to everyone for your attention. I appreciate your support, you working hard everyday. Jim, Bob, do you have any comment you like to make.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, it’s certainly not off the table. We are always looking at opportunities; we’re monitoring internally opportunities in the resource business around the world. Our friendly investment bankers are constantly knocking on our doors, suggesting thing to us. We’re thinking ourselves about what we might do in talking about things with our Board. So it’s not off the table by any means, and we have – we’re fortunate that we are not pushed to do anything. We have the ability to grow and return cash to shareholders, if something doesn’t work out, but if an opportunity came to us that was attractive we have the financial wherewithal, the capabilities to take an advantage of it. So I want to be clear about that. We have a good strategy; if an opportunity came to us we can take advantage of it. If the opportunities don’t work out we have got a great future without them.
Unidentified Company Representative: One good thing about our set of assets is we can adjust quickly. We can adjust quickly through mine rates, throughput rates, and so forth without turning our cost structure upside down. Because we – our cost are low and reduction would increase cost some, but not to the point where it’s a major decision to do that and then the nature of the operations gives us a lot of flexibility.
Unidentified Company Representative: It’s down for a couple of years, I think is Sierrita and it picks back again and I believe the ’14 range.
Unidentified Company Representative: 2014, we see a pick up again. So it’s just the sequencing of the mines in those two places. I think that’s a little more stable on their throughput where you see more variability at Sierrita.
