Kathleen Quirk: Great. Thank you. And good morning, everyone. And welcome to the Freeport McMoRan conference call. Earlier this morning, we reported our third quarter 2021 operating and financial results and a copy of today's press release and the slides are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet. And anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on the call include Forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials, and to the risk factors described in FCX 's SEC filings. On the call with me today are Richard Adkerson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Johnson, our CEO of Indonesia, Josh Olmsted, Chief Operating Officer for the Americas, Steve Higgins, our Chief Administrative Officer, Rick Coleman, who runs our engineering and construction business, And Mike Kendrick who runs a Molybdenum business. I will start by briefly summarizing our financial results, and then we'll turn the call over to Richard, who will go through the materials in our slide presentation materials. After our formal remarks, we'll take your questions. Today, FCX reported third quarter 2021 net income attributable to common stock of 1.4 billion. That was $0.94 per share. And adjusted net income attributable to common stock of 1.3 billion or $0.89 per share. The $0.89 per share excludes net credits totaling $0.05 a share primarily associated with tax credits related to the release evaluation allowances at PT Freeport, Indonesia and a gain on the sale of FCX 's remaining cobalt business. The details of our adjusted net income are reflected in our press release on page roman numeral 7, we generated adjusted EBITDA for the Third quarter of roughly $3 billion. And we've got a reconciliation of the EBITDA on page 37 of our slide deck. Favorable results in the third quarter reflects strong execution by our team, growing our production volumes safely, efficiently, and responsibly. Our sales volumes for the quarter for copper exceeded a billion pounds that approximated our prior estimate in July of 2021 and was above the year-ago period. Gold sales of 400,000 ounces for approximately 12% higher than our prior estimate and also significantly above the year-ago period. We also benefited from positive pricing for copper. Our third quarter average realized copper price was 420 per pound. That was substantially above the year-ago period. And gold prices were slightly below the year-ago period. We also benefited from improved Molybdenum prices in the quarter, where prices nearly doubled from the year-ago period. Net unit cash costs were $1.24 per pound in the third quarter. That was lower than our estimate going into the period. And we had some good performance from our leach production, which reduced our unit production cost in the period. Generated strong cash flows and we've been doing that every quarter this year. Generating $2 billion of operating cash flow, which exceeded capital spending of roughly 500 million during the quarter. Our balance sheet is strong. We ended the quarter with consolidated debt of 9.7 billion and consolidated cash of 7.7 billion, which resulted in net debt of $2 billion. We had no borrowings under our credit facility and have $3.5 billion available. We also announced today some liability management where we called for redemption. Our outstanding notes due 2022, that has a total principal amount of 524 million. I now want to turn the call over to Richard, who will be referring to the slide presentation materials. Richard go ahead.
Kathleen Quirk: We've built into our projections current levels of energy costs. We do have a coal contract in Indonesia that is done annually. But for the most part, our energy costs are floating with the market. Because of the volume increase that we're expecting next year and that really we've got a big fixed cost business, so it comes at a low cost. We are projecting that our unit costs will decline year-on-year from '21 to '22, and we've got additional growth. So while costs inflation is a factor for us, it's being managed well and producing volumes at low incremental costs will help us drive costs lower in the place -- in the face of rising inflation.
Kathleen Quirk: David, on the capex, like our rather Block caves, is spread out over a long period of time. So it'll start out next year somewhere in the and so that's done over approximate 10-year period. And the production will come on to seek when that all this is sequenced together, but the production will come on to sequence when we have availability in the mill, as we have some declines with other ore bodies. But Mark, if you want to give some background about KL. As Richard was saying, this is just a natural progression for us. It gives us really a place to continue to use all, everything we learned from Deep MLZ and Grasberg Block Cave to extend that to KL. And so we're -- we think it's a natural time to begin transitioning to develop another ore body there.
Kathleen Quirk: One of the other things to keep in mind in Indonesia is we have -- with the transition to underground when we were mining and at the surface, we had to move both ore and waste to get the metal production here on the ground. It's very efficient. You're with the block-caving and you really just mining ore and so it is more efficient. As Richard said, we've got some electrical applications underground. Mark talked about expanding that as we as we look at new developments in KL. So there are some benefits that we have in Indonesia from the change from surface mining to our underground mining.
Kathleen Quirk: It will be a small amount of capital in 2022. And at Baghdad, we're really jsut advancing feasibility next year. We're thinking Baghdad is probably still five years out or so before we will have production. And so you won't have meaningful capex for another couple of years associated with it. And Lone Star, the next increment of expansion is relatively low in terms of capital intensity. The longer-term opportunity is more 20, 30 type, but it's meaningful. The big thing that we really were focused on is growth through these low capital intensive opportunities to get more out of what we already have, either through automation or this leach technologies that we're pursuing. And so that's really where we can impact things in the short-term.
Kathleen Quirk: I'm going, Richard. Brian, we do have opportunities to increase primary Molly production at the Climax mine. If you think about what the big deficits people are talking about in copper, there could be mounting deficits in Mali at some point. And so we want to be in a position -- and that's what our primary mines can do, is It's need market demand. And we've got -- we had curtailed capacity in the past to match up with markets. And now we have the opportunity potentially to increase. And so we're going to be doing some mine stripping and that sort of thing to be positioned so that the markets are there, we can be there to participate with this quality product that the market wants. So we're looking at all of that, and Mike, if you want to add something to that.
Richard Adkerson: Yeah. Michael, I raised this question with our team getting ready for this because quite frankly when I saw the out years I was pleasantly surprised because of everything you're reading just generally about things. But you know, the currency rates are helping us and these background of credits or aren't really important to us. And of course in Indonesia, their gold is growing and Molybdenum is doing well. And our team has just done a great job in managing these things. We benefit because Freeport manages America's business as one business. We operate all the mines that we operate, and we have incredibly good relationships with suppliers. We're premium customer for all of our major suppliers. So some we're watching and we're -- some of our costs are correlated to copper prices. So it's a factor, but I was struck. I was expected to be more, quite frankly, myself. And it's turning out to be in our plans.
Richard Adkerson: Usually it's just more a question of how quickly this is developed. When we set the policy, we were anticipating meeting our debt target sometimes out in the future. And it happened so quickly. Business has gone so well. We've added new board members. And so we accept much earlier, a process that would result in this being addressed after the beginning of the year when we got our annual results. And so we'll be talking with our board about it. We are also having engagements with a number of our significant shareholders about stock buybacks and dividends. From the traditional thinking, it is seems to be shifting some. But it's nothing about reluctance about the future that's causing us to do that. And we have regular scheduled board meetings and we talk about it every board meeting. So it's just more of a question of how we set process early on. And clearly we're making progress much faster because of markets, but also because of our execution than we had anticipated. And so it's a good situation, but that's why we are where we are.
Richard Adkerson: I want to tell you today that when Mark -- the original reserve, as Mark said, had all this material and our gold recovers are very low and processing is complicated. And dealing with the Pyrite tails was real complicated. I was just so impressed with Mark and his mine planning team came in with this new plan, which makes it much more traditional, much less risky, much less capital intensive, and in fact, created more value. Because originally we were only getting 50% recovery out of that pyrite laden gold and ore. So it's a great example of having really good mine planning theme and lead by mark.
Richard Adkerson: It's pretty consistent. Because we develop most of the access and ventilation and all those sorts of things, it's not chunky. This is --
Richard Adkerson: It just fits in really well with great changes with our existing mines. It just folds right in. It's a sustainability of production projects as opposed to a significant growth project.
Richard Adkerson: And Chris, to put that in perspective, way back in the 1990s when we were designing the Grasberg open pit and looking forward to life beyond the pit, our original targets was a 120,000 tons states we can mill. So over time, this amazing ore body is allowing us to go from anticipated a 120,000 ton per day mill rate from the underground to 240,000 tons from the underground. Just to put it in perspective.
Richard Adkerson: That's again, Chris, question I've been asking our team all along. In a prior life, I actually worked with the first Company out in Houston that is a very first fracking operations for the whole oil and gas industry way back in 80s. And so I've asked that question. And while it's a tremendous opportunity and particularly good for our Company considering the nature of our stockpiles and the history of our operations in the way we've dealt with low grade, this will be beneficial. People are really going to be pursuing it. There are -- is not just one technology is being pursued, but a series of different options. So it's an evolving story. It's not likely to be the account of game changer that fracking was in the oil and gas business.
Richard Adkerson: So that -- I kind of hate people who say that's a good question. And some people will say it all the time, but that is real good question. And it's something that is really underappreciated right now. And we're particularly focused on it within ICMM, because here we had the 28 largest mining companies, we represent about a third of the global mining industry, unanimously, making this commitment. And as I said, with Freeport, because of our limited scope, three emissions, it's not as big a challenge as it is for some other miners and resource companies. But we don't know yet what the cost of this is going to be. And it's going to be significant. There's just no way around it. Met with senior management caterpillar and to try to think about designing 400 ton haul trucks, we can make the grades of these big pits that we have. The battery in those, at this current level of technology is changing, but then battery weighs a time. It's life is very short, so you've got to deal with all the recharging and trying systems and so forth. So there are lots of unknowns here. There's no question it's going to involve a lot of costs. And right now, while people are really making these commitments in good faith, they're doing it at a time, and we talked about this in our climate report, of where it's going to rely on technology advances and some of those things there's more questions than answers and with all that right now. We have a good -- I think we've got our arms around converting the Coal Plant in Indonesia, and that's one of our big things. But the questions is how do you deal with halogen electrifying shovels and -- I know our shovels are already electric, but just light vehicles and so forth. In our underground mines, we have a big electric train helping us deliver ore, but there would have to be some investments there. So it's going to be an unfolding story and you raised the point that people following us and companies in our industry ought to really be tracking. Because as we sit here today, there's more questions than answers in that area. I just want to add on to that. That's going to be another factor. That's going to be a barrier to supply development in the copper business. I mean, low grade end-of-life mines -- And we got 30 years or so to have this on wine. But it's going to affect mine life. It's going to affect the economics of project development. All of those things are going to come into play. So in your list of items that are are barriers to supply development, this is a factor that you can add to it.
Richard Adkerson: Yeah. We were moving 800 thousand to a million metric tones a day in that open pit mine. Think about that. We still don't have to move material around to manage waste and deal with our tailing system and so forth. But that's a big change. But we've got plans in developing new mines in the world. This is kind of a conundrum. The world needs more copper and yet more copper until technology breaks through, is going to result in more carbon emissions. And this is not the only industry where that's an issue that's unknown right now. But it's certainly true in our industry.
Richard Adkerson: I'm going to put an exclamation point to what Kathleen just said about Baghdad. Because going back to the early 2000, there was just a feeling that higher prices would bring production. I mean that's been the history of the copper industry. But here we are at Baghdad where we already have the reserves. We have established operations, full support of the community, and we're just talking about shortening the reserve life by building a new concentrate. And that's five years out. That's as a easy a project as you're going to find in this industry. So that's what I was just saying. This coming situation, absent some doomsday global economic situation, there's just going to be a time when the world is going to be very short of copper.
Richard Adkerson: It's excluded. And you need to keep that in mind because that is a PT-FI project. It's good. That was one of the goals I was trying to achieve when we were negotiating all of this back in 2018, is we consolidate PT-FI. The economics of -- and so that will show up as consolidated debt for us. But if it's financed at the subsidiary level, the obligation is going to be shared by the 2 shareholders; FCX and MIND ID. It will go into PT-FI's tax calculations. So the project will be something that will affect PT-FI 's taxes. When you step back from that Indonesian operations, I would really please -- I don't know if any of you review the Indonesia media coverage, but they just had these athletic games in Papua, where the president was there and senior government people. They had the ground breaking. I have never in 30 years seeing such positive comments in the media in Indonesia about Freeport, as we saw with this. And the president is recognizing what a great investment country made when they bought out Rio Tinto's joint venture interest in 2018. We've already started paying dividends. The dividends are going to be really spectacular for the government going forward. And when you look at the government's equity position, their 51% share of equity, which will step up to that in stages. You look at the tax rate, we have royalties, we pay. You look at the payments that are made for inter-Company transfers to FCX. The government's economic interest in the project. We exceed 70%. We were able to retain through the negotiations, the interest we had going into it. So this is truly something that all the parties are very happy with. And what a release it is to be working in Indonesia and not have to deal with the kind of complications we had for so many years.
Richard Adkerson: So with your first question, Kathleen help me. Well, let me just say though. We give a five-year outlook for PT-FI's production. And is that in the press release or was that --
Richard Adkerson: Okay. So Carlos, just follow that and you can see that is we said before, this is more of a question of sustaining production levels as opposed to a growth project. But you can see what we show for five years, and that will give you a view of the trend going forward. Now, with respect to your second question, it's really early stages. But we have broached it. I've talked with senior government people about it, and our partner MIND ID, the state-owned Company under the auspices of the minister state of enterprises, everybody recognizes the mutual benefits. For sure the government like a bigger interest. But think about the complications of that because with an extension, we will want to start, as Mark said, we've got opportunities to KL and elsewhere to invest and we will make those investments in advance of 2041. And so we have to balance out how you share those costs, where we basically have 50% economics of new investment, with what's our interest going to be going forward. So that's early days to be discussed. Tried to raise it earlier, but it was just not possible to get traction on those discussions. But the logic and benefits to all stakeholders for finding a way forward on this are clear cut.
Richard Adkerson: The alignment between FCX and the government is really good. To have the kind of incentives for both parties to have a win-win, that's what really we tried to design in 2018. And that's really what's happened.
Richard Adkerson: So they're not dependent on extension. What the opportunity is is to make the KL bigger and to find other resources because we really have done very limited delineation type exploration work in a number of years. And so we don't know the answers, but we're optimistic that there's resources there that we don't know about yet. And the best answer is for projects like this to not have a time frame, but to have incentives for all the parties to work to maximize the resources over the long term. Time frames make no sense.
Richard Adkerson: The world we live in. Chile is separate from Peru. And it's got a really, a lot of questions about it right now. It's driven by this wide spread feeling within the country of people as things were happening around the world dealing with income inequalities and social programs versus other government initiatives and so forth. And it's got a complicated election coming up. There's no clear-cut front runner right now. There's processes going on within the parliament within issues related to consideration of constitutional changes. And so it's really, from my perspective, muddy waters there. It's not chronically nearly as significant as Peru in terms of El Abra 's production is a small part of our production, but it is affecting our consideration of expansion. But we're working with the industry. We're not we're -- not top of the charts in terms of production there, so we're working with others on it. In Peru, Peru always, consistently has complicated presidential politics. And we've seen this story before, where a less leaning candidate gets into office and runs on platforms that are very much addressing -- getting more money out of mining companies. And President Castillo ran on that platform. He had the backing of the far left wing parties there. I've got to meet him within this past month. He came to Washington. It was a Sunday before and with a small group of mining executives, had dinner with him. And my first time to meeting -- he comes from a nonpolitical leader background. He was a teacher in the interior for Peru. And when he talked to the set and I, I found him to be very compelling in his emotional feelings about doing more to help the people from the region where he came from but also throughout Peru. The poor people in terms of education and so forth. And I didn't know what to expect when I went there. I had better feeling than I had going into it. He listened. I had the chance to have exchanges about different issues. None of us got into details about specific fiscal proposals and so forth. But he emphasized that he recognized the importance of mining place in Peru. And that's what always happens when people get an office to achieve social programs. They see how much mining contributes to the country financially. And that's needed to do other things. So I'm having a lot of conversations with other CEOs of countries that operate in Peru. After that meeting, he revamped his cabinet at the very upset of this administration and replaced a very aggressive guy that was prime minister. And so it's really wait and see thing, but I'm more encouraged about it. We're working with others in the industry. We need to be responsive. Here's concerns, and that's what I'm trying to. We focus all of our -- almost all of our community programs on the regions where we operate. I think we've got to take a broader view and show people in the interior that mining can help their lives. And so that's what I'm working on right now. And so I am more optimistic now than I was during the election. You'll hear different views by different miners there. People are very concerned, rightly so. Our situation is we have a new stability agreement. We're maximizing the operations at Cerro Verde. It's a big producer. A major contributor to our volumes. It's got the world's largest mine site, concentrate facilities. We have great relationships with the local community. So we want to build off that and try to reach out and find some common ground work for President Castillo. But it's uncertain. Man, what about the U.S? What can you say? I mean, It's just a head scratcher about what also is going on in Washington these days. The current administration recognizes the importance of minerals like copper to achieve their goals of climate change, And yet, I don't expect them to lessen up any requirements for permitting environmental management community issues runs against their political situation. So it's really uncertain. We're all hopeful we'll see some steps towards infrastructure building. The country really needs it. You see it in ports and roads, and bridges all over the country. But I just don't have any comment on the political situation other than be distressed about it. And we also need to have a more thoughtful approach to relationships with China in this country. And that's a byproduct parties and issue and it's a complicated one. But China is going to be important part of our world going forward and the country is too big and people are very smart. They work hard and they create a lot of economic loss of these. So anyway, I'm focused staying out of politics and focused on Freeport.
Richard Adkerson: Well Kathleen, I thought, going into this thing, we had such a good quarter, we'd have a real short call, but I really appreciate your good questions. As always, there a lot of complicated issues to face with -- I woke up this morning, feeling on top of the world and then I opened my screen to see for the first in a number of days, a weekday in the market and I said, that was just God's way of reminding me about the business for him. But we couldn't be more po -- I think you get -- I hope you get the sense, not just for me, but from our whole team of just how good we feel about what we've done. And we're not going to focus on what we've done. We're focusing on where we go from here. And it's a long-range business. This is a long range Company. We don't feel any pressure to do -- to do anything from any kind of M&A standpoint, the overly aggressive and new investment decisions. We're going to approach this in a very straightforward, logical way. And in the meantime, make a lot of money and show shareholders some gratitude for sticking with us and being part of our Company. So thank you all. If you have follow-up questions, as always, let me and David know, and we will be responsive.
