Richard Adkerson: Thanks, Jim Bob. That is a great story and from the vary start, as we got -- when we first were talking about the merger and the more we got into it, the more we got excited about this opportunity and that just continues to grow today. Okay, operator, I see we got a series of questions.
Richard Adkerson: Well, the first thing we want to do is look for investment opportunities. So we would expect during next year to be reporting to you some very significant opportunities to put that cash to work, to take advantage of what Jim Bob was just talking about of looking at these new reserves and having significant capital projects. Cerro Verde will be a significant project and with the completion of the feasibility study, that will be moving into our capital projects. We'll be looking at with the completion of the contract review and getting the kinks out of our existing operations at Tenke, we're going to have some opportunity to spend some productive capital there. And we are looking at other opportunities here in North America to do things like that. So one thing to think about is that we'll have growth investments. But the great thing I see about our company is the point you're making. Even with the growth opportunities we have and we're going to be looking more broadly for new opportunities, but even with those, our company is situated so you can have growth with very positive shareholder returns and the step with the dividend today is the continuation of restoring our dividend after the financial crisis and with these strong markets, we're going to be able to invest in growth and pay returns to our shareholders at the same time and that's a great place to be.
Richard Adkerson: Mike, we're really studying a whole number of opportunities right now. And literally, like at Cerro Verde, it ranges from a doubling to maybe a tripling of the existing projects, which will have a big impact on those numbers. So I'm just ask you to give us some time to proceed with these studies. We're going to report to you currently as we get a better fix on exactly how we're going to spend money. But our focus is spending money on very high-return, profitable investments.
Richard Adkerson: Well clearly, with the resources and reserves and opportunities we have, that really is much more advantageous than acquisitions. Today, we're not getting significant value out of some of these, and if we're successful in getting projects, we're going to capture all of that value for our shareholders whereas in acquisition, you got to pay for the current value to the acquiree's shareholders. So there may be some opportunities, they'd have to be very exceptional for us, and we're really focused on our internal organic growth opportunities.
Richard Adkerson: Well, part of it is as we spend money, it takes time to ramp up. So for example, it's not until 2013 that you see the full effect of Chino in there. Another factor is, Dave, this issue and we talked about this in 2008, 2009, at SX/EW operations and just obviously is Morenci, as we scaled back, we got some benefits over time from crushed material that was put on in earlier years. So there was a ramp down from the historical high operating rates. And as we ramp up rates, it's going to be a time effect for building those in. So when you look at 2010, 2011 and to some extent, 2012, you're seeing this timing effect that comes in. Now, that's an important feature in our business. It's one of the reasons that the real story about markets is supply-oriented because with the time lag for operations, whether you're adjusting existing operations or you're building new projects, there's just a significant time before you make the decision for investments, you make investments and see the volume impacts for that. So you're just seeing the combination of a timing effects on the near term.
Richard Adkerson: But we have engaged now in over two years with discussions about this contract review, the government has raised issues. We've worked to be responsive to their issues and do it in a way that will be acceptable in terms of preserving the economics of our project and I think we're doing that. We don't want to gun jump the government's, what we believe, their imminent announcement of what will be a resolution to this. But sitting here today, we're very pleased with where we are with that. We've had very positive discussions with the Mines Minister Kabwelulu and his staff and we've had some very supportive comments from President Kabila. And so as I said, we're pleased with that but we need to just wait for the government to make its announcement about where we are with it.
Richard Adkerson: Well, this again would be a project that will be an expansion of our existing mine, possibly a joint venture with our partner CODELCO and its nearby operations. So we've got some work to do before we get to feasibility studies, and this would be a mill project. So then you're in sort of a standard period of time, costs for mills are pretty well established. So we're at the start of pre-feasibility. Feasibility permitting, you're talking couple of years.
Richard Adkerson: We have been preparing ourselves for a number of projects in terms of organizing our staff internally. We've been adding some resources to our staff, particularly the deal with milling capabilities. We've been developing relationships with a number of external engineering firms and suppliers. So it's going to be a challenge for the industry in terms of competition for resources and equipment for expansions, but we're positioned to undertake a series of expansions concurrently.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, and I didn't say no issue. I said we believe we've made progress with it, and we can see opportunities to deal with it. But that is the constraint that could ultimately decide how big we can make this. We're better positioned because of where we are physically with the Rio Chile river and some of the operations to the south of us. So we have some opportunities for our operations that aren't available to others and that's what we're working on to see how we can take advantage of it.
Richard Adkerson: Jorge, we have in the supplemental slides that are on our website, we give a five-year outlook for copper and gold for Indonesia. And we've done that traditionally. But it's also because it is so important because of the impacts of this mine's sequencing. So you can go back to those slides and see what Indonesia is. Slide 32, which gives you the five-year outlook. And then, the other difference would basically being North America and that's principally Morenci.
Richard Adkerson: There's no change, Jorge. We wish we can do it. I mean, we would love to own greater interest in all of our operations. Unfortunately, our minority partners feel the same way. In today's world, in LME week this week, copper was the belle of the ball. And so, people that own copper assets are looking to expand rather than to sell. And so while we would like to do it, practically our partners are very happy with their interest in our properties, and we have great relationships with all of our partners. But we look for opportunities, and if one's there, we're prepared to take advantage of it, but we can't expect it in today's world with such a positive outlook for copper, perhaps forward.
Richard Adkerson: Obviously, what Mark is talking about is Rio Tinto's our joint venture partner and that's not in our consolidated results. And so when Mark talks about aggregate, that's for the total operation and then Rio Tinto's share comes out of that to see the numbers that we report as part of our consolidated results.
Richard Adkerson: What we're really looking for is opportunities. And if those opportunities are within our skill sets, we're prepared to act on them. The opportunities would have to be consistent with our world-class set of assets, and an opportunity would have to be something that was significant or potentially significant, And that's what McMoRan represents. The practical reality is there's huge competition for those resources today by across-the-board and the industry in copper but with other resources as well. So while we're alert to them, we've got people reviewing what's going on in the business, bankers line up our doors everyday. At the end of the day, they have to compete with our own internal investment opportunities and that's a real challenge for external opportunities.
Richard Adkerson: The constraints are the practical constraints of expansion in this business. And at the end of the day, that's the strength of the markets. We would like to start building these projects and getting them in production immediately. But you just can't do that. You have to have plans for the specifics of the expansion. You have to get permits, you have to get water, power, and those things take time and that takes time across-the-board to the industry, and that's one of the main reasons the copper price is at the level that it is today. So the constraint for us is having the opportunity to spend. We're looking aggressively for it. I said it was the top priority that we have. We do have capacity to borrow in the marketplace and borrowing costs are very attractive these days. So if we find the opportunities, we're going to go after them as aggressively as anyone possibly can.
Richard Adkerson: We're not internally constrained by people. And while sometimes it's a challenge, it's not a real constraint in terms of contractors. It's the practicalities of which you have to go through to get to the point of spending the money. And so it's not a question that we don't have the people to do it or where we don't have the contractors to do it. So it's just, as I said, the realities of the way this business works in terms of putting production on. And the board will be looking at issues related to dividend, special dividends and share buybacks. We've done all of them in the past, by the way, as you know. We have a long history of doing that. At this point, we looked at the dividend paid by other companies in our industry. We looked at the S&P 500 dividend rate. We felt it was good to get our company at a strong position in relation for that, and then we'll have the opportunity to look at other things and going forward.
Richard Adkerson: Well, the market went up to the price, went to the $18 level. It dropped back and now it's been rocking around $15. Overall, elements of the marketplace are strong. We had cut back our Henderson primary mine by 40%. Now we've ramped it back up in response to that marketplace. At the margin today, China is important as to how they manage their molybdenum resources internally and what they're buying on the outside. But as a market, it's different than copper. It's not as supply constrained on copper. So obviously a much smaller market. And a lot of molybdenum is byproducts, which the production is not necessarily driven by molybdenum market conditions, but about expansion opportunities and so forth related to copper project. Where we are in this market is we're the world's leader. We're the lowest cost producer and we're in a position to continue to take steps to protect our market share and that's what we're doing.
Richard Adkerson: Alain, that's just strictly done by the way we sell our products in the marketplace. Copper concentrate throughout the industry is sold on the basis of provisional pricing at the time of sale, which is when the concentrate is loaded on vessels out of mines. And then there's a finalization of that price, typically three months although that can vary over time. And so for our copper concentrate and for some of our copper cathode production, the sales price is determined by the price at the end of the quarter or later. And it's discussed on Page 10 of the press release, so you can read that for details. But what you'll find with us is in a rising copper price environment, our average realization is going to be higher than average LME prices and in periods of time, as the price is dropping, our realizations will be lower.
Richard Adkerson: When you look at that marketplace, it's a relatively small market, and we have ramped up our production at Henderson. We're producing moly on our circuit at Cerro Verde, which we have suspended for periods of time. In any given year, we're affected by grades in Bagdad and Sierrita. So all of those things come into play, and our real decision is how to flex Henderson, which is an operation that can be flexed, and then when to start Climax, which would add 30 million pounds to a small marketplace. And I think you'd have to say, we're taking some optimistic steps in the sense that we are spending capital at Climax so that we can be in a position to start quicker than we otherwise would. So we made decisions to do work this summer. We're working inside our mill structure this winter. And so that we're going to be prepared to act when the time is right.
Richard Adkerson: Now that's with our existing operations and the grades at Morenci are low grades. I mean, the nature of the existing operations have low grades. Now, with the drilling that we're doing and the opportunity for further expansion in relation to Grasberg or Tenke, it's still going to be low grade but it's grades that with strong copper prices can generate very substantial returns on invested capital, and that's what we're going to be looking at.
Richard Adkerson: With Grasberg, our model, our exploration model is based on drilling thousands of holes and it's really been accurate over time. And so, when you see volumes change in Grasberg, it's driven strictly by where we are physically in terms of our mining sequencing. And that's why we do give this five-year outlook so that you can see those impacts in advance of actually getting to the years. Now, you guys have done a great job over time of maximizing that, and as you can see in this quarter and other quarters, when we do have the chance to get to a little material, often it has such high grades, it has pretty significant impact on volumes in any particular quarter.
Richard Adkerson: All right, everyone, thanks for participating, and we look forward to finishing out 2010 in a safe and strong way.
Kathleen Quirk: Dave, this is Kathleen. The only change when you look at our second quarter sales outlook to the current outlook in terms of looking at 2011, 2012, 2013, the only real change is the addition of Chino. The other projects like Morenci and Miami and Cerro Verde and Tenke were all already included in our numbers. But this doesn't include all of the studies and projects that we've been talking about. It just includes some near-term things that we're doing to restart mines and optimize current operations.
Kathleen Quirk: But the Chino impact doesn't start really until 2012. We've got 100 million pounds in 2012, 100 million pounds in 2013, and then we get to 200 million pounds in 2014. So the 2011 numbers are unchanged.
Kathleen Quirk: But as we look forward, we're seeing more production coming from the U.S. We mentioned that we started the mill at Morenci and are increasing the mining rate, and that's going to give us more production for Morenci in 2011. We're also ramping up our Miami mine and restarting Chino. So our production from North America is going from 1.1 billion pounds this year to 1.4 billion pounds in the 2012, 2013 range. So that's really where we see volume improvement in the near term.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, in North America, these are volumes that we had taken off like in the downturn. So these are generally higher cost volumes than the cost that we have been experiencing in 2009. So these are higher costs volumes but they're highly profitable. And what we're doing is doing these ramp-ups in a very organized fashion to try to make them a decision as possible and make the mines lower costs than they were at the time they were shut down in 2008.
