Kathleen Quirk: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Our results were released earlier this morning and a copy of the press release and slides for today’s call are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet, anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website home page and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call, and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on this call include forward-looking statements. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our SEC filings. On the call today: Jim Bob Moffett, our Chairman of the Board; Richard Adkerson, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Flores, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Freeport-McMoRan Oil & Gas; and we also have a number of senior executives in the room today with us. I'll briefly summarize the financial results, and then turn the call over to Richard, who will be referring to our slide materials located on our website. As usual, after our remarks, we'll open up the call for questions. Today FXC reported net income attributable to common stock of $821 million or $0.79 per share for the third quarter of 2013 which compared with $824 million or $0.86 per share for the third quarter of 2012. The third quarter of 2013 results included net charges for unrealized mark-to-market loses on oil and gas derivative contracts totaling $98 million to net income or $0.09 a share. As you’ll see, in the third quarter our results benefited from a return to normal operations at Grasberg and we had a significant contribution from a full quarter of results from the recently acquired oil and gas business. Our consolidated third quarter copper sales totaling over 1 billion pounds were 13% above the year ago period. We had higher production throughout our global mining business. And our gold sales were 50% above last year’s third quarter because of anticipated higher ore grades in Indonesia. Our third quarter sales of oil and gas totaled 16.5 million barrels of oil equivalent. That was about 10% higher than our July 2013 estimate of 15 million barrels of oil equivalents. That primarily reflected, as Jim will be talking about, strong performance in the Eagle Ford and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico fields. Our third quarter 2013 average recorded copper prices of $3.28 per pound were below last year’s Q3 of $3.64 and gold prices of $1329 were approximately just over 20% below the year ago quarter. Oil prices were strong in the quarter with rent pricing averaging almost $110 per barrel and the realization by oil and gas division oil realization was $106 per barrel before hedging impacts. Generally strong operating cash flows of $1.9 billion in the quarter, that was net of about $300 million in working capital uses and our operating cash flows exceeded capital expenditures of $1.6 billion during the quarter. We ended the quarter with total debt of $21.1 billion, which was similar to our June 30 balances. Our consolidated cash balance totaled $2.2 billion at the end of September and that was reflecting a $1 billion dollar supplemental dividend which was paid during Q3. I would now like to turn the call over to Richard who will be going through the slide materials.
Kathleen Quirk: I don’t think there is anything special in there, Sal. There is some interest that gets capitalized but I think the quarter is reflective of where we are with our current debt position.
Kathleen Quirk: Yeah. This is Kathleen. We rounded to four, five last time. And I think the volumes are like £30 million lower to a combination of Grasberg and North American volumes but I just round it down to four rather than four, five.
Kathleen Quirk: Mike, this is Kathleen. We spend currently about between $550 million and $600 million a year on our total labor in Indonesia. So if you take 10% you can see what the impact would be in the first year and then another 10% in the second year. We've also got some exchange rate movements as well, which offset some of that. But that will give you a feel for the annual impacts
Kathleen Quirk: There has been no change since the acquisition. It's something that we monitor. The oil and gas markets are much more liquid than the copper markets and we are -- sometimes the positions we have, we think are good positions as we are working on delevering. But as we go forward we’ll look to see what makes sense for the combined company. We do buy – you know, we do have a lot of oil and gas consumption in our mining business. So, we’ll take that into consideration as well but in terms of the structure we’ve got a position through 2015. And like I said we’ll continue to monitor the markets but for right now that’s what’s in place.
Kathleen Quirk: Carly, this is Kathleen. We are very focused on those equity clause and the opportunities there and we are going to look at a variety of options to take those out, whether it be for modernizations or refinancing. So we are focused on taking advantage of the economics of those.
Kathleen Quirk: Regarding the first question, the call expires three years after when the bonds were issued. And so, they are varying expirations. Most of them are in 2015. We've got one in a smaller piece in 2014 but it's three years from the date of when PXP actually issued those notes. In terms of the MLP situation as we look at that we'll look at it as a way to enhance the overall credit profile of the company and so we'll look at how to do that in terms of bringing in proceeds in a value accretive way and looking to use those proceeds to retire debt at the parent. So we're looking at both from a credit standpoint as well as an overall value standpoint.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes it's really the equity been put down from the parent to the FM O&G subsidiary that's the equity event.
Richard Adkerson: Well, our base rates that we agreed to was to increase base salary rates by 10% this year and 10% next year. There were other features that were built into our package that aren’t included in this package this year. Our labor cost are roughly 25% of our total cost and so they will be somewhat higher. That deals with our union workers. There is a ripple effect that it goes into our non-union workers, our staff workers and some of our contractors. But we reached a level that. There is a press release out talking about how the union is pleased with it, we’re pleased with it. And considering, Sal, where we came from with all of the very tough issues that we had in 2011 that really carried on all through 2012 in terms of getting people to work together in a positive way this is really a big thing for us, for all, the workers, the community, the central government, everybody there. So, we’re very pleased with it and so our labor cost are going to go up some but within a reasonable level. And what is the opportunity here is that now with a harmonious working relationship with our workforce and with the union – I was out there directly engaged in discussions this year – we’re all committed to finding productivity measures which are certainly there that have the potential for far offsetting any increase in wage cost and we all shook hands on a common effort to achieve that.
Richard Adkerson: Alright, Sal. Thank you. Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Gagliano with Barclays.
Richard Adkerson: David it's a work in progress. So we're looking at this among other alternatives and it's really too early to give specifics on it. There is a range of opportunities of what we could do with it MLPs have performed so well in the marketplace and of course there are different types of MLPs going from mainstream infrastructure type assets to upstream assets. We have a large asset base that gives us lots of opportunities Jim and I are talking about it we're getting input from people experienced in that business. And so we will report on it as this thing evolves. It's an opportunity and we are going to look at it to see if it makes sense for us.
Richard Adkerson: Mike, actually it was half of that 9.6% that we acquired it was originally that level but back in the 1990s we'd acquired half of it in the earlier transactions. So it was half of 9.36% roughly 4.7% that we acquired back in that 2001 timeframe, probably seven years ago or more, the government asked us if we would make that interest available to Indonesians on a business-to-business fair market type basis and we have. Over time we've worked to find a structure that would provide the opportunity for the people of Papua, the province and some appropriate structure to acquire that. Those transactions haven't been done. Now in connection with our current contract of work discussions, the government of Indonesia undertook a review of all contracts of work following the 1999 mining law. And we are in the process of obtaining an extension, which we have the rights to for our contract of work beyond its primary term which ends in 2021. We have been engaged for over two years now in discussions of various aspects of our contract with the government of Indonesia and included as part of that package of discussions is discussions about the potential of our entering into two divestiture of additional interest in the PTFI shares. We're looking and think it would be attractive to have a listing of those shares on the Indonesian stock exchange and the government feels very positive about that and potentially transaction involving a sale to the province. And obviously the listing on the stock exchange we provide cash for us and that would assist us in our debt management a sale to province we probably would be some sort of structure where we would assist with financing and wouldn't generate near term cash to us to use. But those are all part of it. I want to emphasize, those aren't independent steps but part of our overall discussions with the government about reaching a mutually satisfactory resolution of the government's review of contracts and our getting an extension to give us surety of our contract through 2041. And we are confident we are going to get there on both scores.
Richard Adkerson: Well, no, we're looking at -- that's independent of the 9.36%. This is an overall package that could involve a sale of that -- of the roughly 5% would be one of the largest IPOs in the history of the stock exchange. So it's an overall package that involves something independent of this 9.36% interest. And as I said we already own half of -- I mean we already owned half of that before the 2001 transaction.
Richard Adkerson: Thanks. Brain, as I indicated with all these things, we’re in the fortunate position of not having to do anything. So, as we look at these alternatives, we want to generate cash, reduce debt, we’re challenged to do it and we’re going to work to meet that challenge but at the same time we look at the fundamental economics and make decision on what creates the best values for shareholders.
Richard Adkerson: Our business across the board is a long-term business. We operate on long-term plans, we execute on a long-term basis, quarter-to-quarter fluctuations occur for any number of reasons. It's great we have a very good quarter across the board this time and we feel very good about our outlook and about our progress we are making for achieving our long-term plans.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, we consider partners that would give opportunity to meet our objectives, and if the Chinese partner would do that then we'd certainly consider.
Richard Adkerson: There are lots of thoughts. We’re the world’s largest moly producer in the lowest-cost. You know, we have significant moly coming as byproducts out of our mines and as we look forward to Cerro Verde there is incremental moly volumes there, some at our other potential expansion projects, and there’s other byproduct moly come into the marketplace. We’re in a position with our Henderson and our Climax mines, which are sole moly producers, to monitor our production levels there to be responsive to the marketplace. And so that’s what we do and what we are doing. Moly markets have been weak and we’re heavily involved in the downstream side of that business, so we’re right on top of what our customers want. We have a greater percentage of the higher volume chemical moly business in the industry as a whole. So, we’re just going to be responsive to what the market needs. And that would come from swing production from Henderson and Climax.
Richard Adkerson: We've got guidance on the fourth quarter, we're supportive of that guidance. It's an orchestra of lot of ins and outs. And we continue to have positive execution by our people. So at this point in time we're all confident of being able to continue to show their good stuff, the assets are certainly performing, the people are performing, so the outlook would be positive there but there is nothing more tangible than that.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, it’s correct. We are going to start harvesting free cash flow out of that field and as our rig count drops it will be maintained somewhere I think around 30,000 barrels a day next year as what our rate is. And we can add -- average rigs if we want to add production volumes or cut depending on what our cash flow and our CapEx requirements are.
Richard Adkerson: Well Mark Johnson is here but the development is going very well. We were able to -- we had some delays resulting -- following the Big Gossan training room incident. But we’ve really actually to date made up for some of the down time we had there. And so we've got aggressive schedules to bring in the Grasberg Block Cave to be prepared to begin production as we complete mining from the pit. We are still looking at roughly the end of 2016 for that and then the Deep MLZ extension to the DLZ complex is scheduled to come on stream in advance of that. So, we are putting optimal amount of resources. There is just practical limits to doing that but it's all going well and our long-term plan is intact.
Richard Adkerson: Well, actually we have had some experience with power problems in the past but they have been much more pronounced here at the end of September. We had invested in hydroelectric power supplies. We have a contract but there have been issues on the grid of power availability from Zambia. There is increasing requirements for mining activities in Katanga and the government has not kept up with maintenance activities and that resulted in curtailments. And so we have experienced those. I spoke with the mines minister and he committed that everybody in government is working to resolve these. There are some longer term solutions that we and other miners are working for. Fundamentally, there is lots of opportunities of hydroelectric power development in that country and there are other alternatives being considered. And we are working diligently on it. But it is a challenging issue for the mining industry. In general, we think we are relatively placed in a relatively favorable position but we are working hard to see what we do it -- it's improved somewhat this month in October but it's an issue.
Richard Adkerson: Refinancing is a good option, not so much just drawing down on our credit facility costs, that's a cushion that we want to have available for whenever we need it.
Richard Adkerson: All right. Well thanks everyone for all your interest and participation and we look forward to speaking with you as we rest in the future.
Jim Flores: Sure, Richard. Thanks. On the shale sale, one of the interesting aspects of it is basically the companies [indiscernible] smaller and the financing constraints are there. There is a lot of behind pipe reserves and upside that we're trying to drive some type of value structure to get what we think is representative, what we know is representative value. Basically re-completions are not flowing right now. And so we are debating entirely whether we just might be better to continue to operate those fields a little while and get those big wells on and then look at selling some other later date. I mean a later date within months or maybe next year type thing. So nobody is in a distressed situation but we are trying to make sure we representatively look at the value from a standpoint of what's best for the FCX shareholder. So that debate is going on, at the same point in time we did have a robust process. We have got several people that are flipping documents to try to push towards getting something done this year. So that's going to be also chairman discussion -- board discussion later this fall, what we exactly do. Now as far as the guidance for '14 going forward, there is a lot of operations that we are going to be doing in '14 that provide volatility to our production numbers we're going to shut in a couple of platforms for a period of time to do platform modifications to prepare for a long-term production growth for all set fields coming into those fields in the Gulf of Mexico. The actual start date of our Lucius production, obviously we have our storm shut-ins put in our planning. So, we think while it’s a pretty conservative number, as far as growth and so forth, we think with the volatility in operations it’s a number that we feel comfortable with putting out. But with operations going smoothly and a quiet storm season, our numbers could obviously be significantly higher next year in actual but as far as the planning process, you know, this business is one-quarter all of its part being part of Freeport, so I would say we’re conservatively modeling and awarding, we just kind of have to enjoy the upside on a quarter-to-quarter basis going forward.
Jim Flores: The oil and gas side John is again like a volatility and operations next year, we're in the process of starting our drilling rig and our Holstein field but waiting on three drill ships to show up. And so, we can really get into our need of our development and our offshore business and that will be shown up on the next 18, 20 months. And at the same point in time, we'll be correlated with our platform modification. So I think what you'll look for is a year that's hopefully got a quiet year operationally other than some exploratory wells and some beatings from production guidance because operational execution is going very well. But starting May '14, '15 a tremendous production ramp up in the decade to our Mexico business is basically what I saw at the analyst meeting back in June, will become realized very quickly. So a lot of work being done in 2013 and '14 to prepare for '15 through 2020 to realize the value.
Jim Flores: The aspect there is no impediments, the benefit looking for you've got a company here with a 100 year copper reserve, or 50 year reserve, 50 year oil reserve and we are trading at 5 times or something at that. So if we can capture value by driving we think a representative value for the assets, maintain we don't need more assets we've got plenty assets, we need the representative valuation. So that's what's driving all of our discussions and MLP is part of that discussion on all sides. The extraction business does cover not only oil and gas, it covers copper and we've got excellent MLP-able type assets across the board. So it's -- Richard gave an insight of what our discussions have been like when he talked about joint ventures there. They are far ranging and we're going to find the answer here that will be visible in the market place as well.
Jim Flores: I think what you are misreading in the press release about above 24,000 more of an engineering, trying to focus on that we are going to be able to get the well at Lineham pretty closer. We were very articulate that we found San Diego [ph] sands in the 23,000 foot is a new sand horizon for the ultra-deep play and the log indications look to our favor for establishing production. The aspect of drill deeper and we are having some drilling problems, we're all elected not to go deeper into the lower tertiary, we decided to take what we had right here. And let's see if we can develop large structure and maybe that can develop a new trend for us. So, it's a geological engineering coordination discussion, it wasn't based on any kind of disappointment in the ultra-deep. Now on Davey Jones one, at this point we are not -- we don't have any operations planned. We are studying the operation of fracing the zone or whatever. We want to get the results of Davey Jones 2 and not only the lower territory but the cretaceous before we decide whatever plans we're going to have for Davey Jones 1 going forward. We're really pleased to see all these interesting questions times going on so if we don't get to your questions or we answer them too shortly we will get with David and we will follow up with you. But let's say if we can take a few more very quickly
James Moffett: It’s pretty much fun and loaded. I think all three, Davy Jones, Blackbeard West and Lineham all are scheduled in the first half of the year, the only thing is if we have extensive testing in one area it may delay West Blackbeard because it’s a Saskatchewan rig operation between Davy Jones West, it should start right at the beginning of the year and if we do extensive test here in Davy Jones too it may much likely toward the second half of the year but that lineup is scheduled for the first half of the year as well.
James Moffett: Adam, I think we can give you a better schedule once we have the wells tested. That’s the thing, so. I mean, we are in a infrastructure prone area in the shallow part of the Gulf of Mexico, so I would hope that we have some completions in the first half of the year, we have production on by year-end ’14, but that’s just a guess at this point. There is a lot of engineering between me and that guess.
James Moffett: I think Richard said it best. These projects are long-term and we’ve got a schedule and it’s very, very hard for us to change those schedules because they’re such – the size of the project that, you know, they’re going to follow their own paths, that’s the best that we can give.
James Moffett: Well, Joe, lot of us, like our Eagle Ford continues to outperform. You know, the premium 60,000 acres we got there right in the heart of the watermelon is continuing to be spectacular. We are reducing our rig count out there, just from the standpoint of trying to derive more free cash flow out of that and reap the benefits of the production climb to 50,000 barrels a day, so. But that was a spectacular quarter in the Eagle Ford. And then on to the well stimulation, our hosting platform. We had a belief in the initial reservoirs at Holstein were impeded from their ultimate production because of basically migration of fines and skin damage on the wellbores and we – for instance, one well we had – it was producing about 1,200 barrels a day, we hit it with some xylene and acid wash and it started producing over 7,000 barrels a day and the tubing pressure increased about 50% as well. So, that’s pretty spectacular. We’re going to continue to maintain and go through the reservoirs that we have. But anytime you can take the production from Holstein from 9000 barrels a day to 18,000 barrels a day without drilling or re-completing the well, you've done some really good things. So hats off to the guys and gals involved in that project and we have a lot more to do out there. So excitement is running and confidence is running high.
