Richard C. Adkerson: It is on a consolidated basis, Dave, and that spending would be for ordering equipment and in doing preparation for the construction to begin.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes, this is -- as I said, we're really focused on spending capital. And we have $4 billion of CapEx to spend next year -- for this year, for 2012. And we have other projects that we're considering, and that's going to be our principal focus. Beyond that, the board will be -- it will be a board decision about financial policy with shareholders. And I can just refer you to what our tradition has been at Freeport for how our board has reacted to that in the past.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, those would involve very significant projects, and they will give us the opportunity to have substantial growth beyond that. At this point, we'll be filling you in as we go forward with identifying the projects and exactly how we'll be attacking them. But it's -- it does involve the opportunity for significant growth. If you look at the ones that would be the nearer-term projects along those lines, the major mill expansion at Morenci is one. The major mill project at El Abra is another. This gives us the opportunity to have, at El Abra, projects that would be in line or in the order of magnitude like we've been doing at Cerro Verde. Tenke is going to be a project where we'll have growth, I think, on a continual basis as we go forward. So it's a question of looking at these resources, and as I said, changing them into development projects and cash flows. But what we see for our company is a very long period of continuing growing volumes with what we have right now, and we're continuing to find new resources. And that will give us further opportunities.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes, Oscar, as you know, there was a complicated tax government participation structure in Peru that involved these voluntary -- so-called voluntary payments that had been made over time. And the new tax code replaced many of those.
Richard C. Adkerson: All right. Brian, as usual, you get me walking down on slippery slope here because we're in the pre-feasibility stage. But just to try to be responsive, we're looking at a range of scenarios to be as much as maybe 240,000 tons. But that is what we potentially could do. We may not do one that big initially, but that is sort of the magnitude of what we're looking at.
Richard C. Adkerson: That's correct. I mean Sierrita, I think, is the world's lowest grade copper mine, but it's a very profitable mine because of the significant molybdenum by-product there. And it's just a question of where we are in that ore body, and it's going to be -- the resource is there and it's going to be coming back to more traditional levels of production after we get through the next year or 2.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, it's in a completely different part of the country, a completely different community situation there. We've -- Cerro Verde's been operating near Arequipa for many years now, and we've put a lot of efforts into building relationships with the local community. So it's not appropriate for me to comment on somebody else's issues. But with respect to our issues, we have worked effectively with the water rights. We've done -- we were doing a water project for the city now. We've come up with this solution for improving life in Arequipa through this wastewater project with giving us water for our plant. As a result, for example, the mayor of Arequipa, who is a major supporter of Humala, is a very active proponent of our project. I met with the president at APEC on -- President Humala on a couple of occasions. I was very encouraged about his support of mine development and our project. And so that is -- I think that's our circumstance that we have now. Now we do have to get permits, and there's always uncertainties. But we feel very comfortable in the way we have approached the EIS and the project and with our relationships there.
Richard C. Adkerson: No, no. We've looked at that in the past. And no, our projects involve open pit development and block cave development underground.
Richard C. Adkerson: That was years and years ago. And actually, it was a project that had some support by the -- some government subsidies. Those went away, and the economics just didn't look attractive to us.
Richard C. Adkerson: Wayne, this was many years ago, and I think it was focused on that project. We really had -- we monitor technology, but we really don't have a comment on it other than it's not in our plans.
Richard C. Adkerson: And Morenci has just been a place of great activity. I mean, when we faced with the situation 2008, 2009, we took the mill -- the existing mill, the whole mill down. We cut the mine rate in half. We idled a huge number of trucks, 100 trucks or so. And now since then, we've been in stages increasing the mine rate, starting up the old mill, improving the logistics of the operation, working on longer-term recoveries. Now in this mill expansion activity, we're going -- we've got this major mill going. A number of you visited Morenci, and so it's an area -- it's a mine with lots of activity going on, lots of exploration drilling and strategic planning for where we're going with it in the future. It's a great operation.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we are ramping up. There's a question that -- there's time that's required of bringing the workers back. There were roughly 6,000 striking workers, as well as some contractor employees. We have a workforce of roughly 23,000 out there and a little more than half are employees. So there is a period of time of physically getting people back to work and getting them integrated, safety briefings and things of that nature. As we do this, we're addressing these safety -- these security issues that continue to be a major, major concern for us. So we are delivering concentrate to port now. We expect to have the mill rate up, say, by the end of this month, the middle of the first quarter. And that would represent a return to kind of full normal operations, subject to the continued progress on all the areas that I just talked about.
Richard C. Adkerson: Chuck, our -- we have completed our negotiations with our smelter customers, and we're slightly above that 60 and 6. I mean there is numbers that are out in the press. Actually, we don't comment on them because they're commercial numbers, but there's amazing reporting on TCs and RCs in the press. But we're slightly above that 60 and 6, and we reached agreements on very positive terms with our customers. They've -- we've had long histories with them. We've worked with them in challenging times, and there are a couple of customers that are going through operational issues in the Philippines right now. They've worked with us in dealing with the issues when we've had production issues like we've had at the end of 2011, so we're going forward. We have annual negotiations there. Some people have mid-year negotiations. Our contracts -- our TCs and our RCs are negotiated on an annual basis. So we've completed it for 2012, and we'll go through another negotiations at the end of this year into 2012. And David, our mill is operating at roughly 160,000 tons per day now in response to your earlier question. We did have one day where it was up to 200,000, several days. So that's kind of where we are as we speak.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, it really wasn't high grading. Kathleen's saying maybe a little bit of that at Cerro Verde. But in the overall picture, not significant at Grasberg because the mill was shut down and the road was blocked beginning in mid-October. While we did some mining for stockpiles, we focused on wastes movement and maintaining the draw points in the DOZ. So I would not at all call it high grading in Grasberg. It's just when we had the opportunity up through the middle of October to produce, we produced in more or less a normal fashion, about 3/4 of regular capacity. So even though we did focus on waste removal, because of the limited workforce that we had after the road was blocked in the middle of October, we really fell behind some on waste removal at that point, too, which now is reflected in our mine plans as we go into 2012.
Richard C. Adkerson: What we've really been focused on is the use of cash flow that we generate. And as you mentioned, we're not just spending money on capital just because we have cash. We're spending money on capital because we've got great projects that have high rates of return and we're very positive about our forward markets. So beyond that, it's more of a question of using cash as opposed to thinking about some sort of levered returns to shareholders.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, Sal, we did this time. I mean, it's a very interesting and complex social situation there. I mean, we are more than 90% of the economy of the regions where we're located. We're more -- we're 2/3 or more of the economy of the province of Papua. So everything that happens to us has very broad consequences to the local community. And the local community has many components to it. There are the indigenous people that originally lived there and in the area. There's been a huge influx of people from Papua and other places in Indonesia there. And then our workforce adds a lot to that. So what happens to Freeport has consequences that are very broad across the community, so we continually work with them. We had a great support from the local community during the course of the strike. And we're going to use that, use the experience that we learned here to try to work together in a more positive way with our union workforce and its leaders to help us avoid having anything like this in the future. It was harmful to everyone, and I think people recognize that now. And we're committed to finding a way of dealing with this more positively.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. Well, thanks. We do use $2.20 for our mineralized material. First of all, I want to be clear: what we use for reserve pricing is not reflective of our view of the markets. It's -- we use this to come -- have a conservative price for determining reserves. We are looking for opportunities. We're not -- we don't limit our opportunities to any arbitrary reserve pricing mechanism. When you do have these regulatory requirements to report reserves, they do involve a process of going through mine plans based on these prices. So it's not a question of just changing a price and you add volumes at the end or things like this. The changing of the price really would involve going with a significant amount of work of developing new mine plans on the basis of that price. And so we felt that it was just conservative and efficient for us to stay with last year's pricing for determining reserves. It's not really what drives our investment plans. We don't lock in on a particular price. We use an array of prices in thinking about what opportunities are there if prices are higher. And if prices go lower, how a development project would fit in to our overall portfolio of assets and how we would manage that, not as an individual project, but on a portfolio basis. So it was more -- those prices were used more as a basis for conservatism and efficiency.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, your last statement is exactly right. It is the most important thing we're faced with and our very highest priority. So we are -- I can assure you, we're giving a lot of attention to this and working with the government authorities at all levels and working on the ground with people and getting security advice from others. Our security forces are not armed there, so our internal security has never been armed. And they serve a role in security, but the principal responsibility for dealing with armed insurgents or others who are involved in these shooting activities has -- is the government supported by our people in going forward. The -- Freeport is one of a handful, 6 or 7, I believe, operations in Indonesia that's designated as a vital national object. And in 2004, the responsibility for providing security was transferred from the military, called the TNI, to the police. Going back a number of years, they were under a similar command. Now there are 2 sets of organizations, and the police are the ones that are primarily responsible for security there. There's special assigned police from outside Papua there. There's organic police that's located there permanently. And there's also military in the area that forms sort of the outer ring of security because of the issues beyond the nearby areas and the fact that it's a border area with PNG as well. So we believe that the total number of police and military there vary. It's something like 1,200 to 1,800, depending on rotating assignments. The number of people is adequate. The issue is one of dealing with the difficult terrain and having effective management of the forces that are there in terms of manning security posts, conducting convoys and providing security for those convoys. And we're -- what we're focused on now and working with the government officials is to have more effective management of the resources there and more effective follow-up of pursuit and arrest and bringing people who are doing these terrible acts to justice. And we're getting support of our contractors and the people in the local community because this is not a Freeport issue. It's a community issue. It affects us, and we're very concerned about our people and the people of the community and putting our top priority into addressing it. And it's a necessary element for us to address in terms of restoring our production to its -- to traditional levels. Thanks, everyone, for your interest. Follow-up questions can be directed to us through David Joint, and we look forward to reporting to you on our progress as we go forward.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Oscar, this is Kathleen. Actually for 2012, included in our capital forecast is roughly $600 million for the Cerro Verde expansion, which includes some long lead items and permitting and engineering that we're doing. That amount steps up in 2013, as we get into construction, to about twice that and then the balance in 2014 and 2015. We went through a process -- to your question on the taxes, we went through a process to evaluate the new tax regime and look at the Cerro Verde project in the context of the new tax regime. And it did not have a significant impact on our economics. It -- the way it worked is that at lower prices, it was actually a little better. And then at higher -- as prices got higher, there was -- the taxes were increased. But it didn't have a very significant impact on our economics at Cerro Verde. And with respect to Peru, I mean our focus really is on the development potential of this asset.
Kathleen L. Quirk: We also have in our projections lower grades from some of our by-product mines. And so essentially, this ramp-up at Climax is offsetting the decline in by-product, and that's why you don't see a significant change in our 2012 sales compared with '11. But we'll have the flexibility subject to market conditions to increase production, potentially ramp up quicker at Climax or change Henderson if market factors are there for us.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Well, we're as focused initially on Morenci on the near-term project, which would expand the mill to 115,000 tons a day, and that feasibility study is being completed. Beyond that, we are looking at potentially a larger mill expansion and going through what would be required in terms of that. The exploration results or data that we've been gathering that would support an expansion but there are other factors, including water and permitting, that we have to work through. But on the near term, on the horizon, we felt this initial project was very actionable. Permitting is underway. We believe we have the water for it, so that's something we're focused on in the near term. But beyond that, we've got to solve some other issues to get to the major expansion.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Well, in terms of the level of debt, we've been repaying debt because we had excess cash. We're going to be looking at refinancing the debt that you've referenced. It's highly attractive to us to do that. Our funding costs of a new debt instrument would be significantly lower than the current coupon, so we'll be looking at that. We'll be looking at how much to refinance versus repay. And when we look at the debt capacity, even though we bring the debt down to a certain level, we still believe we have significant capacity to have additional debt if we have uses for the cash. And so we want to make sure that we don't have debt on the balance sheet that's not -- where we're having interest where we don't -- we're not using the cash to generate returns. And so that's really what we're focused on there.
