Kathleen Quirk: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our results were released earlier this morning and a copy of the press release and slides for today’s call are available on our Website at www.fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the internet, anyone may listen to the [Audio Gap] materially. We’d like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. On the call today are Jim Bob Moffett, our Chairman of the Board; Richard Adkerson, Vice-Chairman and President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Flores, Vice-Chairman and Freeport-McMoRan Oil & Gas President and Chief Executive Officer with several other senior members of our team in the room today. I’ll start by briefly summarizing our financial results and then will turn the call over to Richard who will begin reviewing our recent performance and outlook in the slide presentation. After our formal remarks, we’ll turn the call over to questions. Today FCX reported a net loss attributable to common stock of 2.5 billion or $2.38 per share for the first quarter of 2015. The loss attributable to common stock included net charges of 2.4 billion or $2.32 per share in the first quarter primarily for the reduction of the carrying value of oil and gas properties pursuant to SEC for cost accounting rules and a related tax charge to establish a deferred tax valuation allowance. Our adjusted net loss attributable to common stock totaled 60 million or $0.06 per share during the quarter.  Our copper sales during the quarter totaled ₤960 million that was above the first quarter of last year of ₤871 million. Gold sales totaled 263,000 ounces that was also above the last year first quarter of 187,000 ounces and oil and gas sales totaled 12.5 barrels of oil equivalents in the first quarter. Our realized copper price of $2.72 per pound in the first quarter was below the year ago quarter of $3.14 per pound. Gold prices of 1186 per ounce were below the year ago quarter of roughly $1300 per ounce. FMO&Gs average realized price for crude oil was $56.51 per barrel in the quarter and that included about $12 per barrel of realized cash gains on derivative contracts. Operating cash flows during the quarter totaled 717 million, capital expenditures as we advance our projects totaled 1.9 billion in the quarter. We ended the quarter with total debt of 20.3 billion and consolidated cash of 549 million. As previously reported, we completed amendments to our bank loans during the quarter to provide more flexible financial covenants and to extend maturities under our term loan. At the end of the quarter availability under the revolver approximated 3 billion of undrawn availability and undrawn availability under the Cerro Verde credit facility approximated $1 billion. I’ll now turn the call over to Richard who’ll be referring to the slide materials on our Web site.
Kathleen Quirk: Okay. Jorge, if you look you can find that on our balance sheet, we've got that details so you can see what the balances were at the end of the quarter compared to where it was at the year end. The full cost accounting rules which we talked about in the past require that we assess the ceiling each quarter. And it's important to keep in mind that that formula we are using approved reserves. So, we've -- as Jim talked about during the comments we have really expanded our resources those haven’t been converted yet into proved reserves and SEC requirements under full cost accounting requires to use a 12 month trailing average for oil and gas prices. So that's why you saw that charge in the fourth quarter and a subsequent charge in the first quarter. The trailing number for oil is roughly $83. So we could have a oil prices stay below that we could have additional charges in the second and third quarter until the 12-month trailing averages is trued up. But you can see here we've got on the balance sheet we’ve got $6.7 billion in the oil and gas property and that’s the -- essentially the proved reserves and then additional 9.7 billion that's not in the full cost ceiling. And that’s the net of depreciation. 
Kathleen Quirk: The capital we're spending in 2015 is 3.7 that’s the same as what it was before. Actually we've taken down CapEx in 2016 and 17 by a total of 300 million, it's 300 million -- 
Jim Bob Moffett: Thank you, Richard. As you look on Slide 34, 1981 [indiscernible] [indiscernible] In 1988 year remember we did an IPO of FCX [indiscernible] we had a deposit [indiscernible] we had to rely on our geologic instincts to know that this was a major find and as you know after the drilling that we did, we end up with the largest oil body in the world. Copper, gold and silver. In 1990 we developed gas pipe [indiscernible] how to manage that business which is we had a discovery in the middle of [indiscernible] 13,000 feet and we had already $6 billion [indiscernible] used resource and mortgage, we got gold bond, silver bond and then we made a major change [indiscernible]. I remind everybody that [indiscernible] really set the tone [indiscernible] shareholders [indiscernible] 100% of what they own and we already gave up reserves in the future. When FCX was went off the [indiscernible] $6 billion [indiscernible] acquisition, not only did we created the largest publicly traded copper producer but remember we had the instinct [indiscernible] geologic instincts we were able to drill these [indiscernible] imagine doubling the reserves [indiscernible] so my observations [indiscernible] in the first part [indiscernible] CEO and then and Jim [indiscernible] 2013 [indiscernible] we didn’t have the benefit of [indiscernible] the way we can profile oil and gas prospects we didn’t have the benefit of [indiscernible] we rejected the [indiscernible] in the case of the oil and gas [indiscernible] we got these [indiscernible] that are outlined [indiscernible] information but when you look at the discoveries that Jim has referred to [indiscernible] Power Nap [indiscernible] just offset [indiscernible] discovery was made [indiscernible] so we [indiscernible] oil and gas property in the Eagleford [indiscernible] over $4 billion so we’ve done what we said we intended to do now what we have to do is to take advantage of the [indiscernible] that we have this growth profile which has been the history of our company [indiscernible] complete major projects [indiscernible] challenge but remember we acquired [indiscernible] acquisition platforms [indiscernible] three platforms now with the price drop $150 a barrel you can just imagine that we have a monopoly on the deepwater [indiscernible] platforms [indiscernible] on those assets for several years [indiscernible] happen in [indiscernible] facilities. We had geologic engineering teams working at the best place to put these platforms, so [indiscernible] acquire these in 2013 but today [indiscernible] price drop from $100 a barrel to $50 a barrel [indiscernible] platforms [indiscernible] justify. So lot of the production has been around our platforms aided by Freeport-McMoRan Oil & Gas by third parties who come to our facilities [indiscernible] equity [indiscernible] platform we have about 250,000 barrels capacity and when you compare that [indiscernible] which was of course the first one built in Freeport had a lot of lead time because [indiscernible] some of the engineering [indiscernible] about ten years [indiscernible] about $10 million to put that facility out there. We have about the same capacity [audio-gap] three platforms that we have. So as usual [indiscernible] this history of [indiscernible] geologic engineering big projects so although [indiscernible] just imagine the resources that we [indiscernible] $20 billion [indiscernible] facility [indiscernible] starting to turn around the [indiscernible] which was pointed out [indiscernible] in Asia [indiscernible] export barrel that was not just copper but [indiscernible] complete restructuring of the market [indiscernible] labor union situations there. Nobody was [indiscernible] when copper was $1 but when copper went up to $1 billion we owned up to $3 or $4 [indiscernible] part of the world-wide phenomenon we as I said we found the [indiscernible] copper was less than $1 and gold was $400 an ounce so when you look at where we are today [indiscernible] as I said we completed this 20 billion [indiscernible] expansion [indiscernible] the benefit this major investment we’ve made [indiscernible] PXP MMR acquisition so [indiscernible] company [indiscernible] shows that we successfully managed some of the biggest projects in the world [indiscernible] oil and gas [indiscernible] not only managed from a clinical standpoint but managed it from a financial standpoint so [indiscernible] chance to what we’ve done with our assets we’ve always proven that we know how to manage risk we know how to manage the [indiscernible] projects and no matter how remote they are we are a leader in the industry and with what we’ve put together with our asset base we’re in a position now to really show [indiscernible] of what the [indiscernible] oil and gas [indiscernible]. So this is [indiscernible] whole team here [indiscernible] oil and gas experts [indiscernible]. Thank you.
Jim Bob Moffett: If look at where we are today actually we have been spent $20 billion [indiscernible] planning [indiscernible] trying to measure oil and gas, [indiscernible] during the year we saw there is $4.5 billion worth of assets [indiscernible] there is [indiscernible] what we have to do this year we're pushing the right buttons. Thank you -- if I just [indiscernible] stop looking [indiscernible] make sure they were using debt [indiscernible] have in the past[indiscernible] but most importantly the ability for any company imagine a company our size [indiscernible] 20 billion of middle of the expansion [indiscernible]
Jim Bob Moffett: [indiscernible] when you talk about resources if you look at the map in detail. [indiscernible] resources you see there [indiscernible] drilled and undrilled the important part of that would [indiscernible] All those have been drilled so that number you see going from $75 million to $270 million and have [indiscernible] so we have two kind of resources on these maps. [indiscernible] full cost raised and then its separate, you know we had a green color for resources and red color for reserve. We have lot of in this category right now. 
Jim Bob Moffett: [indiscernible] these 3 platform that we have that are pushing in you deep water side are the [indiscernible]. You should imagine those as magnets. These people [indiscernible] including our sale. We have a [indiscernible] market for this is we are totaling with people[indiscernible] difference is the [indiscernible] the diamonds if they made a [indiscernible] ] facility [indiscernible]
Jim Bob Moffett: It is Jim, I want to give you a little color on, the questions you asked about the capital less area production and then you said the same for you. We have this platform where keep talking about there have been about $60 billion worth of platform. [indiscernible] production to be increased to these capacity and the interim camp between every [indiscernible] and what we’ve done to date. We now drill well [indiscernible] there are 100 of fees to pay [indiscernible] not guessing because of you want to be resources being drill and [indiscernible]. so we have the platform in there, we have the wells that are getting drill. The question mark is how much money do you spend across the capital. [indiscernible] you get the oil from the well on the platform that’s already been drilled, already in our [indiscernible] paid for [indiscernible] genius is around here. Extraordinary things, but mission impossible is to say what’s the right decision [indiscernible] to date because that’s going to depend on what the price is [indiscernible] so you understand the difference between the risk factor. Platforms are built the well drill and you [indiscernible] when we heard about [indiscernible]
Jim Bob Moffett: [Indiscernible] then you got a good teacher and Jim Bob’s the best teacher in oil and gas as you’ve ever heard of.
Jim Bob Moffett: Let me – this is Jim Bob, let me address [indiscernible] rapid bullets fired around here. [Indiscernible] deepwater and the onshore give me a chance to talk about the Highlander well produced in that the Highlander well which you haven’t been -- we haven’t talked about much in the detail [indiscernible] situation [indiscernible] 28,500 feet is the largest well that’s ever been completed since [indiscernible] if you remember was [indiscernible] and it was such a big part of the Exxon Mobil transaction [audio-gap] 100 million a day [indiscernible] like to move [indiscernible] and the reason why that’s important law low[indiscernible] that can use [indiscernible] and that well probably and some of the wells are producing over 250 BCF and projection production 400 BCF. So we’ve been have a wells for similar to the low [indiscernible] resivor and the structure is [indiscernible] and we are from 30 to 60,000 [indiscernible]. So we have been [indiscernible] 5 years becoming experts at deep drilling and the deep potential and it’s old trend from 200 miles away is [indiscernible] how that put spotted over it. [indiscernible] export terminal is [indiscernible] projects they don’t have to have 5 to 700 million cubic feet of gas per day. [indiscernible] in exploration for gas because more the gas price [indiscernible] exploration. They look up and see the other half 5 to 700 million cubic [indiscernible] per day. And the time when we drill the discovery of 125 million in 1981 and also [indiscernible] had a the reasons on that gulf and [indiscernible] and they were having to provide a contracts with the help of Florida gas. But 300 million a day and they wouldn’t have pay for [indiscernible] the well we drill offset was deregulated natural gas. We sell the gas for $9 NCF. So just to tell you that [indiscernible] have a funny way of turning on you and people make [indiscernible] from image to be able to deliver gas like with your export gas or L&G. [indiscernible] these toward looking the 5 to 700 million cubic gas a day. You better know [indiscernible]
Jim Bob Moffett: Let me just make sure that you understand. The change in the export [projected] price last year when no more permission given [indiscernible] for the [indiscernible] et cetera. What is main this is comment. It’s not [indiscernible] it is export. [indiscernible] I mean if you can’t take all from the Indonesia and putting it back to [indiscernible] so that means the Japanese are sitting there with their smelters with no fig. so this is not just a problem for the exporter the matter if the problem is discovered, the complete restructuring of the market. In other words to make is simple everybody assume that this is [indiscernible] and then for 100 years in Japan and other places [indiscernible] with archeology expert without [indiscernible] contract to work and for this negotiation you still [indiscernible] so the smelters don’t have a slam dunk. [indiscernible] we just don’t [indiscernible] there is a problem. [indiscernible] has no minerals on it and yet it has the downstream part of business. So that’s why it’s still [indiscernible] there is going to be fun work because this is not just one guy caught in [hot fire] everybody got the same problem. It’s complete restructuring of how the business is done. Train to concentrate and the smelter.
Jim Bob Moffett: This is Jim Bob again [indiscernible] open pit and in open pit you have [indiscernible] because you can’t just make [indiscernible] underground. When [indiscernible] block caving [indiscernible] surround your ore [indiscernible] Block Cave [indiscernible] Block Cave. You don’t have to do it other ways, so imagine [indiscernible] open pit [indiscernible] with all these [indiscernible] right around [indiscernible] to just sit there and scratch the bottom of this Block Cave [indiscernible] first blast and then [indiscernible] and find a place to put it [indiscernible] enormous part of our [indiscernible] but that’s because you have to build [indiscernible] when you look at that [indiscernible] all that has been there [indiscernible] copper and gold and silver [indiscernible] so that’s why we have the change. It sounds like 100 million people historically thought underground was [indiscernible] changes the whole impression of [indiscernible] but remember you’re operating underground [indiscernible].
Jim Flores: That’s a very complex question. I’ll tell you we have gone through an exercise of looking at our capital cost across our business and coming up with a plan that we believe reflects the objective of limiting cost in the current environment, while protecting our assets and positioning us to take advantage of them over the long-term. So we’ve clearly done that now and we can respond in more details about that Tony. The issue of funding more debt is we started with strong objective which we communicated with the market following both the announcement of the oil and gas deal in December 12 and the closing of the transaction in mid ’13 was that we were going to be focused on reducing our debt because of our belief that the nature of our assets can best the managed and position for growth with the balance sheet that’s strong. We have a strong balance sheet. We are an investment grade rate company and we want to take actions to protect that investment grade rating. We believe that’s important for the credit markets, for the equity markets but also how we manage some of our reclamation obligations where we’re able to use corporate guarantees as an investment grade rated company. So you mix this all together and our view has been that we should take steps not to grow debt, but to position ourselves to reduce debt overtime and then our board make the decision to reduce our dividend for now. We’ve reduced it in 2008 as you recall and as markets recovered we aggressively increased it as the markets changed. My view is that’s what’s going to happen in the future, but we needed to take into account the uncertainties of the near term market conditions, position our company for future growth and for delivering our balance sheet in years beyond 2016. We do not have current plans to issue equity for the parent company. We as Jim talked about this issue of getting highlights on the value of our oil and gas business, the idea of potentially issuing equity at that level, we could see it has benefits both in terms of highlighting those values, but also giving us the opportunity to look at a broader range of funding within that entity as a public entity. So we can see some benefits for it by the nature of doing that it takes time. You have to file registration statement with the SEC, go through review process and for us to have that alternative that filing would be required that doesn’t mean that we would be fully committed to doing it that will be based on our view of all the alternatives we have and how the markets develop as we go forward with one of our fingers in the markets at all place and we’re going to evaluate all alternatives and take the actions that best to our shareholders.
Jim Flores: Tony just quickly, it’s already we've brought additional trucks down from our other operations, 10 trucks this year that again is one of the strengths of our company where we could do that with support from other mining operations and our good equipment availabilities. So we're advancing the mining, they are making sure that, that fits in great shape and able to defeat this new big concentrator that is being built on schedule as Richard pointed out. So, we have taken some of the mining equipment to help with the construction of the starter temporarily and again to do all of that and achieve to facility, so it did cause a variance in the first quarter.
Jim Flores: This is Jim, just on an operational basis, oil and gas areas like Holstein Deep are deep are detailed base and our high Lander. All those are not in our approved category yet and that’s how we can manage our funding cost at our proved reserves growth from. We have a huge pipeline of projects that will become proved this year and next year and the following year already established.
Jim Flores: That looks high to us. If we were to have calculated our full cost sealing test at the end of March using the current strip prices there would have been approximately a $2 billion incremental higher right down at the end of March, SEC rules wouldn’t allow us to do that and because we’ve to use this 12 month average. But if you were to go forward and say the strict prices would be realized over the forward, the numbers would be closure to $2 billion than $3 billion and $3.5 billion.
Jim Flores: The aspect that is going to be fully engineered and I strictly feel at this point all right that the difference is of having so much of it discovered in the last 2 years and not hit the approved category, the price function, the actual operating function and we push to our capital like we’ve been pushing our capital that slows down the proved booking process. So there is, If I can figure out exactly what capital we have where the external going forward what the acceleration of those developments were and what prices were, I can answer your question lot closure than just saying is a positive trend. I think it’s the best way to talk about it because the inventory is full. It’s just the matter of all those factors and coming together what actually gets booked and what don’t. But the resources are there.
Jim Flores: And you are going to see our rate in the oil & gas unit because of the right downs be more critical to our final cost going forward and will be an ad reserve that finding cost which will be beneficial or par with our DDNA rate versus what’s it been at the end of last year was $40 plus and this could be 20S doesn’t the right down I guess going forward.
Jim Flores: That’s a lot assuming, extra capital comes in the company. What it does, it will just – if it does and that we self funded ourselves that just means it’s a slower slop and it would extend the peak cap beyond 2025. So everything just shift forward into the future years at the slower pace but we can accelerate with the additional funding that comes in. 
Jim Flores: And let me just say everyone these forecast accounting rules are complicated and logical in certain respects in today’s world and so if you have questions call David and he will answer them or he will arrange for our people to walk you through. So, we’ll make sure everybody understands what this is and what it is. 
Jim Flores: It would be at 2017 at a $74 oil price. As the assumptions, so if it’s not – so if oil is not $74 in 2017 it will be in 2018 and setting forth, so functional price and also the production scheduling wise. 
Jim Flores: Its probably in the snapshot of the three years from the stand point of scheduling what projects are being funded in 2017 that will affect 2018, 2019 productions. So it’s a function of prices and also production schedule out there and when we sold the Eagle Ford and took that big chunk of production out of our production profile still in that whole we can debate a long time when we get it down but sooner we fill it with production and then we start to worry about the price, the simple our model with become and all the way to do that to schedule our wells being hooked up that we drilled already at a faster rate with outside funding. That’s the model and understand your frustration but you imagine trying to put together a static model for you guys with so many moving parts with depending on what capital is coming on the door. 
Jim Flores: The incremental capital is a function of how what, there is some base plan to what we're talking about, the current plan or the high growth plan without high capital. 
Jim Flores: That would easy thing, be from this what forward it would be as reflected in the numbers here on page 23, it would be the 3.8 billion in 16 and $3.5 billion in 17 on a aide X basis and depending on what's has been it's the delta between that would be the additional capitals. We were projected 2018 through 2020 and be self funding through the EBITA growth. I know __ how that the EBITDA growth and or the EBITDA in 18-20, but it's not a negative number, it’s positive. 
Jim Flores: Well it all depends on what the market -- what market's out there and so forth. Currently, the market that we see is a market that has capital in it from a JV basis, but everybody has got a lot of projects to do and there is not a lot of discretionary capital, those are very expensive. The private equity market is very expensive as well because they re-capital other existing businesses. We’re just looking forward the best former capital. I mean we’ve got a fabulous growth profile in our business. We’ve drilled the well taking the risk. We certainly not going to give them away just because we don’t want to borrow money. Here that’s not purgative. We want to make sure we find the lowest cheapest cost to capital and with the best benefits and the benefits are getting the visibility borrowed by our shareholders to what we’ve achieved and what in the performance of oil & gas business along with what we think is a inexpensive form of equity for Freeport McMoRan in the form of equity at SMLG make some sense. Again like we’re just said we’re studying, we’ve helped that go to this process and right now it looks the most favorable because the industry just issued $8 billion of equity here in the pretty dynamic environment. So right now that’s a very viable into for us and we encourage while allow the investment banks to pursue it.
Jim Flores: That is one of the points discovered in the MOU and the government has regulations that applied to different types of mining arrangements they have to existing mines so forth with in terms of our working with the government and reconciling our contract of work which requires no divestitures and the governments new regulations. The MOU reflects a mutual agreement that we would increase the current 9.36% interest owned by the government to 30% over the time and as you said the way that would be approached that would be part of the set of points that we would agree to and getting the extension of our rights to operate under except gold. Physical terms is that within the pursued over time in steps. The agreement is that the sales would at fair value and the first step would be offering it to the government we’ve talked about having a piece of that ultimately through a listing on the Indonesian stock exchange and the government officials have expressed positive aspects of that, the province of pop was indicated an aspiration to own symmetry and we do some financial structures to accomplish that. All of this would come in to play as part of reaching a resolution of the long term operating rights that we have but the MOU covers the extent of the future divestiture.
Jim Flores: Out of the growth plan, yes with additional capital, that’s correct. So, if this is not something that is committed to all the future growth plan, it’s an opportunity for us and we’re going to assessing whether – what we’ve given you in our budget plans that’s part of the presentation is where we are today with our capital spending plans. We have opportunities provided we can get capital through a variety of sources. Cark mentioned the joint venture opportunity with other companies whether there is financing at a property level, whether there is financing available at the entity level. And if we’re able to – possible to get funding on the reasonable basis to pursue the growth plan the chart that you’re referring to as what would be achieved under that plan. If we aren’t able to, if we conclude that the cost of capital is to expensive than we will give you guidance as to how that would work out under our base plan and the opportunities won’t go away, its like the projects we suspended in 2008 in our mining business. Cerro Verde being pursued before that we suspended it. It didn’t go away and now we’re developed it later.  So, we have rights to these resources that are long term and we will be managing how we spend money, how we finance that spending in a way that responsive to market conditions, and market conditions are changing as we speak and so we’re going to have our figures on all of these sources of financing and we’ll make decisions and we will advice the market as to what the consequences of those decisions would be as we go forward. 
Jim Flores: That’s slide 23, that’s the current plan on top with the current, our current funding that’s reflects on page 31, reflects in the current plan and this what I was talking about. If we continue to put off the completion and hoop up and facilities need to add new production as we drill it, as we – we’ve already drilled it in the last two years than we will not see a show up in the production numbers. Okay? It will in the current plan, their production aren’t going anywhere like we’re just talking about and it will take longer years forward to get all that production. So on a three year outlook you’ll miss some of that production if we raise the additional fund and we’re able to put the wells on that we’ve already drilled on the timely basis then you will see the graphs at the lower portion when gross 1.43 to 2.17 and the additional funding required and our variable funding is the completion dollars which affects the timing and that’s when I think it was David heard whatever I wanted 18 to 20 will tell you where you can see the reflection basically in the current plan we would hit the same 217 of few year further out because of this delay of spending in that funding.
Jim Flores: We are under some restrictions under the securities law about how much we can talk about details part following which duration registration segment and getting SEC review. We can’t say this Freeport McMaRon [indiscernible] a significant majority interest in that FCX would retain a significant majoriy interest in Freeport McMarRon I don’t’ want to guess and the amount of the offering in terms that will dependant on market condition when we’re ready to inter the market and we cannot do that because of the procedure of requirement of the SEC review.
Jim Flores: Let me clarify that those who are agreed to last summer when we assigned the original MOU. We agreed to increase royalties to the current royalties under the mining law and there is no further adjustments to that, we also agree to put assurity bond of $115 million to demonstrate our seriousness about pursuing the smelter deal. There is no adjustment to that and then we agreed to pay an export duty on a sliding scale. All of that was agreed to in the summer of 2014 and none of those terms were changed when we extended the MOU in January and they are not we’re not being approached for further changes along those lines.
Jim Flores: But some of this has been adjusted because the completion of the pit was originally supposed occur into 2016.
Jim Flores: …estimates because the effects of worldwide global energy cost and the lower cost of steel and things like that so we have some impact not a huge impact from currency changes so but the basic plan has not changed what we’re going to do little bit of change to when we’re going to do it and some of that on the absolute amount of cost because of the changing global commodity prices.
Jim Flores: That’s illustrated on Page 22 and 2019 is when Vito area starts producing in 2020 and so that’s going on very fast illustrates exactly what Richard just said.
Jim Flores: All right everyone thanks and follow up questions [indiscernible] is available to be the point guy and we’ll get people to answer them for you.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, one of the things to keep in mind is that we are ramping down the mining of waste there, in fact by the end of this year we will essentially have mine all of the waste in the Grass Paver pit, that’s the material that allows us to get to the bottom of the pit and as we go forward we’ll be mining ore and some low grade material that we’re stock piling to provide throughput formula as we ramp up Grass Paver blockage. So for you Tony and those of us who have been following this for a long time, we need to adjust our view of what mining rates are there because that’s not part of the Indonesian government issues or the labor union this is just the normal mine plan. Now we did have a work stoppage that was not a union action during the first quarter and some of the labor issues within our work force continue to be complicated. But that did not last long and by the end of the quarter we are essentially operating on a normal fashion and so that had an impact not only for a very short period of time when we had a work stoppage, but it’s affected the some absenteeism issues, it affects some productivity issue and we’ve been dealing with this labor issues now since 2011. But we now are back to a normal fashion we have negotiations with our unions coming up this year and we have confidence going into that, we got our union contract completed 2 years ago and it’s relative straight forward fashion and we’re building more positive relationships with union. But there are other issues within our work force that we’ll have to continue to deal with. So one is look at where we are with our commandment in the fit with money rates going down and then we are working with some ongoing labor issues that had an impact in the first quarter and we’re going to work hard to minimize that impact and we think we can going forward in the 2015 going in the last 3 quarter.
Richard Adkerson: ……based anymore. We are just following our plan. On the way and now we are down to where we’re going to be mining. Since we are after this year or for the mill currently and some low grade material that we stockpiling to provide mill throughput [Audio Gap] when complete mining in the pit and ramping up the underground bucket. So all of that and as I said that’s what we will be doing under any set of circumstances and before I turn it reed I want to, Kathleen give me a good note to follow up on the earlier conversation about delusion. We have the ability to fund the plan that you see under our current revolver which we have $4 billion of availability at the end of the quarter and under the current plan we’ve got to deal with the commodity prices whatever they will be hard prices or lower prices causes us to respond to those but we have the ability to bar temporarily under our credit facility and then if we get in the 2016 and generate cash flows even at today’s prices we see that facility to coming back available to us in full force. So it's -- we don’t have the need to do a -- we don’t have an absolute requirement to do external financing to execute the plan that you see today. We're focused on how to take advantage of these oil and gas assets to provide funding for its opportunities that separate apart from our overall corporate financial plan. 
Richard Adkerson: I’m sure you understand this but just to be clear, once you write something down even though prices may come back, you have future reserves, you don’t write it backup under our accounting system. The book value stays there, what higher prices or higher reserves would do and it’s important to note that reserves are function of prices as well. As prices go higher economic limits extend and reserve volumes increasing, lower prices put limits on how much reserves you can add at a particular point in time. But that could tend to offset this $2 billion number we’re talking about. It wouldn’t result and ride up our past right now.
Richard Adkerson: The other thing we have is through this period you see through 2017 we have existing rate contracts that were contracted for couple of years back. What we are seeing is cost coming down and so we’ll be able post 2017 to do more with less cost. So, you’ll see the capital expenditure numbers reflecting longer term reflecting lower cost of rigs and service cost etcetera. 
Richard Adkerson: David, the swing areas is, we got two types of capital. You got your drilling capital and capping alluded to the costs are covered down the spread right, I think we have 10% reduction this year. 15%, 20% and the 30% as we have passed 17, reduce the -- some of the drilling costs. Assuming those costs continued to go down. But the other big thing is the timing of the completions and the completion capital. That’s really our variable capital in our budget, our discretionary capital. So I can't emphasize enough the quip to your question is, it's going to be how much we spend early enough to get the production response so we’re self funded with the production versus continue and breed along without the capital, without the capital early because if we're going to slow our program down we could show for the next -- in two years, we could be totally self funding the 17 based on the $75 oil price and ramping up production and close the gap that Brian highlighted. Okay. Or we could spend four years at a slow pace spending us less amount of money and continuing to fund the deficit, you get to the same point. And we have that flexibility and the assets. And that’s where the question of we've been wrestling with here Freeport as to what's the best thing for the shareholders and that’s why we're exploring the external option of the IPO, to accelerate that business so it becomes self funding faster versus the -- versus the longer debt spend at the slower burn.
Richard Adkerson: There’ll be another 30,000 barrels of that. Yes but that’s not the story for you. Let’s take the success we’ve had in the Vito Basin area as an example. I mean we acquired an interest in this area that shows been working on a development plan. Together we show we drilled this Power Nap well that’s had tremendous amount of new information about the geology in that area and it’s a very positive well. It’s leading us now to look to develop to drill another exploration type well called Deep Sleep which will provide us significant information which has been de-risked significantly and has the chance of identifying a huge structure there. The information that we get from Power Nap and Deep Sleep to change the whole idea about how to develop that Vito Basin area. In that case for developing that that’s going to take a number of years because this is a case where we have to put in new production facilities. It’s not tying back to these existing production facilities and so this has similarities to making decision for major mine developers. First have to understand the geology. You have to develop a – you have to come up with a development plan for it. That development plan takes a number of years to put in place so the [indiscernible] that has been added to capital expenditures because of the success at Power Nap and Vito Basin area is going to lead us to spend some more capital to understand what we have, how it should be developed and make decisions on development and so that production is not going to come [indiscernible] for a number of years.
Richard Adkerson: And we still don’t know because when we drill this Deep Sleep well that may provide us some new insights just to how to develop this whole area. So it’s something that’s unfolding. It takes time and it’s not going to be a question like some of the hook ups that Jim was talking about that have production consequences much quicker, but this is a major-major development project that could be one of the biggest projects in the entire deepwater in the Gulf of Mexico.
Richard Adkerson: It’s not something where capital would be spent of significance until post 2016 because of the permitting time and so forth with that. In order to give you a sense of that the – to think of the smelter project because we come up with an approach of expanding not necessarily expanding making a Bolton type addition to our existing smelter [indiscernible] with partner Mitsubishi being an expenditure on the order of $2 billion with working capital something maybe slightly more than that. And so our plans would be to obtain project type financing for majority of those cost and then there would be the underlying equity that would be funded by partnership structure which we would have the major part of, but we would have other partners coming in, we are negotiating that and so our share of that projects cost would be a portion of the underlying equity for the project financing for majority of that cost in that construction that would be started in late 2016 or in 2017.
Richard Adkerson: Rio I’m not sure if they don’t call knows it Rio is our partner now and their interest in [indiscernible]steps up to 40% both 2021 and so they would have an interest in seeing that we come up with an arrangement for with the government for extending beyond 2021. We are in discussions, we have a great partnership with Rio and we are talking with them about how best to proceed. We don’t have an agreement on that now. But I’m confident we’ll get a one that will be good for all of us.
Richard Adkerson: Mitsubishi’s potential partner there is other potential partners out there, you shouldn’t assume that we’re going to fund 60% of it. So we’re at the stage right now working with Japanese construction firm, own construction contract. We are working with the land owner which is in Jason fertilizer operator where we have an additional deal with own land ownership rights and Sophia [indiscernible] up take, we are working to permitting. So there is a lot of work to be going forward. Let’s go back to your original question about capital spending. We’re not looking at $2 billion of capital coming to Freeport. We are looking at a smaller amount coming in over years in the future and we’ll update you as we go forward in getting the details instruction of this project completed.
Richard Adkerson: Yes that’s our mutual objective and we are working towards that and the issue is and you know we are working on that happening this year sooner this year than later and the government officials working on recognize that as well.
Richard Adkerson: With all of this noise that we’ve had to deal with for the past several years we – none of us here lose sight of just what a fabulous ore body this is. I mean it’s really special in terms of the copper grades and gold grades that you have available through us. The ability to operate large scale block caving operations is spectacular. We’re moving towards having a 250,000 tonne per day concentrator mill filled totally by underground operations and that’s unique in this industry and we’ve shown that we can operate Block Cave scales. Freeport’s been block caving there since early 1980s and our DOZ mine and its predecessors that shallower elevations had years of successful operations, so we have the kind of ore the kind of host rock that allows us to operate at a truly world leading scale to get to this high grade ore and the rates of return on this project are spectacular.
Richard Adkerson: And for the industry as a whole underground mining is a lot more expensive, but that’s a unique characteristic of this [indiscernible] ore body is that we are able to mine such large volumes of high grade ore and reduce that unit cost down to depending on diesel fuel and so forth the levels that are and the price of gold levels that are consistent with our historical price cost levels there so, it’s great asset. Listen we appreciate everybody’s participation in I think a record setting length of a conference call, but we had a lot to talk about today. We want to make sure that in the context of these commodity markets and the changes in our plans that you understood what our assets are that we have to work with, what options we have to do, how we’re approaching it. We’re going to have as I said our fingers on all aspects of the markets for commodities and markets for capital that are available to us and we’re going to find the right alternative to go forward and achieve our strategic objectives. Bring value out of these assets being alone.
Oscar Cabrera: Okay. Maybe if I ask the question this way. On slide 31, you have oil and gas expenditures in 2015, 2016 and 2017 at $2.8 billion, $2.9 billion and $2.9 billion. This compared to the last presentation is $1.6 billion more. So, you presenting in 2017 oil and gas fields of 63 million barrels. So, with additional capital that we increase from last time we talked in the conference call to now will that give you additional production of oil and gas in 2018. I assume so and I’m just trying to assess what’s the level? Is the level the one that you’re showing in slide 22 and I can appreciate that there opportunities. 
Oscar Cabrera: Okay. Thank you. Then in terms of the equity raise or potential equity rise. I’m assuming based on your comments that this will be at the oil and gas business level. How much or have you sort of upto what levels Freeport McMaRan holding company would be willing to dilute of its holding in the oil and gas business.
Oscar Cabrera: That was just all right. Understood. It’s just coming from doing about 15 years of mining research. Oil and gas is new and we’re just learning about this risk and it looks from a distance it looks that oil and gas and deepwater is lot more riskier than onshore and that’s why we’re trying to establish the parameters to give you the right value for those assets but thank you for your comments.
Kathy Quirk: [Indiscernible] does fund some of that Brian the percentage varies depending on the share of production. And that’s nothing new, those numbers were always in our plan. You see in the CapEx schedules that we will reduce some of the CapEx in 2016 to 2017 that is related to timing of some of those expenditures that we’ve pushed out, but those capital expenditures from no modifications and power upgrades have always been part of our plan.
Kathy Quirk: Yes I mean as we do – we’re planning when we need to do these no modifications and highlight handling and power upgrade and we’re going to do it prudently and with an eye on trying to match it up with when we ultimately need it, but yes we’ll have some of those expenditures will be higher in ’18, ’19 timeframe.
Kathy Quirk: The underground capital is in the $800 million range and sustaining is in the few $100 million range.
Kathy Quirk: Yes well the guidance we’ve given is based on getting the full capacity, so in the earlier years as we’re ramping up it will be higher, but at current oil prices we continue to expect that Grasberg underground will be the lowest cost portfolio and certainly less than $0.50 a pound. So we’re not seeing here it changes in the open pit cost versus underground because of the nature of underground mining and the absence of stripping, so we’ve got a very good cost structure, large scale it will be similar to the track record you’re seeing with Grasberg over the years.
