Kathleen Quirk: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan fourth quarter conference call. Earlier this morning, we reported our fourth quarter and full-year 2020 operating and financial results, and a copy of today's press release and our slides are available on our website at fcx.com. Our call today is being broadcast live on the Internet and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website Homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on this call will include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described on our SEC filings. On the call today are, Richard Adkerson. We also have a number of our senior team with us today. Mark Johnson is here, Josh Olmsted, Mike Kendrick, Rick Coleman, and Steve Higgins. I'll start by briefly summarizing the results for the quarter, and then, we'll turn the call over to Richard, who will be reviewing our outlook. After our prepared remarks, we'll be taking questions. Today, FCX reported net income attributable to common stock of $708 million, or $0.48 per share in the fourth quarter and $599 million, or $0.41 per share for the year ended 2020. We had a number of special items in the fourth quarter, which are detailed on Roman numeral VII of our press release, those totaled net credits $142 million, or $0.10 a share, mainly associated with the gain on the sale of assets and partly offset by charges for litigation settlement and international tax matters. Our adjusted net income attributable to common stock after these items totaled $566 million, or $0.39 per share for the fourth quarter of 2020. Our adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, or EBITDA, for the fourth quarter approximated $1.9 billion and we generated $4.2 billion of adjusted EBITDA for the year 2020. A reconciliation of our EBITDA is available on Page 38 of the slide materials. We had a very strong fourth quarter. Our sales volumes of copper of 866 million pounds were 3% above our October 2020 estimate, and our gold sales of 293,000 ounces were 9% higher than our October 2020 guidance. These primarily reflected higher copper sales from Cerro Verde and in Indonesia and higher gold ore grades in Indonesia. We benefited during the quarter from improved pricing for both copper and gold. The realized price of copper was $3.40 per pound in the fourth quarter, and that was 24% above the year-ago quarterly average. Fourth quarter gold realized price was $1,870 per ounce, and that was about 25% above the year-ago average. Our unit net cash cost came in at an average of $1.28 per pound of copper and that was lower than what we had guided to in October. Notably, in the fourth quarter, we generated very strong cash flows, which totaled $1.3 billion in the quarter and that exceeded our capital spending of just under $400 million during the period. We were - together with our asset sale proceeds in the fourth quarter, we were successful in reducing our net debt by about $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter alone. And we ended the year with net debt approximating $6.1 billion. We had no borrowings under our revolving credit facility, consolidated cash of $3.7 billion and we are in a strong position as we look forward to generating increasing cash flows as we go forward. I'd now like to turn the call over to Richard, who will be referring to our slide materials that you can reference on our website.
Kathleen Quirk: Richard, I'm just going to make a few comments, and then, we can take the questions. I'll be brief. Just continuing with the slide presentation on Slide 16, we provide some additional details on the quarter and our operating plans. We are continuing in the U.S. to ramp up production from the new Lone Star mine, and in January of this year, we commenced the restart of the Chino mine, which we had previously announced. In South America, we're continuing to operate Cerro Verde at a reduced rate of roughly 360,000 tons per day. We did a little more than that in the fourth quarter and our team is prepared to increase rates to a level of 400,000 tons, which is about where we were - tons per day, which is about where we were pre-COVID after the COVID restrictions are lifted. At El Abra, we've incorporated in our latest plans an increase in operating rates, which will provide additional volumes beginning in 2022. And as we've talked about, at Grasberg, we made excellent progress in the fourth quarter and are continuing to execute the ramp up plan to achieve the targeted metal run rates by the end of this year. Slide 17, we present the outlook for 2021. The guidance is largely in line with our previous estimates. We made some minor revisions to 2021 volumes. These were largely timing in nature to reflect the latest Grasberg mine plans. And we've updated our cost models to incorporate the current pricing for energy, currencies, and ongoing maintenance programs. We expect to sell just over 3.8 billion pounds of copper in 2021 at an average unit net cash cost of $1.25 per pound. At $3.50 copper, this will generate about $8 billion of EBITDA and $5.5 billion in operating cash flows for the year 2021, which is nearly double the 2020 levels. And as you'll see, we expect further growth in 2022 and 2023, which is shown on Slide 18, where we provide a three-year outlook for volumes. After stacking growth of nearly 20% in copper and over 50% for gold in 2021 versus 2020, we're projecting further growth of 13% in copper volumes and over 20% in gold volumes for the year 2022. And these projects have been in development for some time. Most of the capital is behind us, which gives us a runway here of generating growth in cash flows and margins. The build-up in volumes for 2021 is reflected on Slide 19. And on Slide 20, we show the significance of the cash flow generation using these volumes and our cost estimates, and we show a range of prices from $3.50 to $4 copper, holding gold flat at $1,850 per ounce and molybdenum at $9 per pound. But you can see that the growth in volumes at very low incremental cost results in EBITDA ranging from over $10 billion per annum on average for the years 2022 and 2023. So over $12 billion per year at $4 copper and operating cash flows, which are net of our taxes and interest costs, would range from $7 billion at $3.50 per pound of copper to over $8.5 billion at $4 copper. And as Richard was mentioning, $4 copper is still well below historical periods of demand strength. The cash flows generation are expected to be significantly above our planned capital spending, which will provide substantial free cash flows as we go forward. Slide 21 includes our projected capital of $2.3 billion in 2021. That excludes potential spending on the Indonesian smelter, which would be debt-financed and is still under evaluation. We are maintaining our basic capital plans. We have been very disciplined about capital spend. The 2021 capital is roughly, as you'll see, about $100 million higher than the previous forecast and that incorporates an acceleration of some mining equipment investments to provide capacity assurance for our plans. We are in a strong financial position, as you see. We've entered a period of exceptional free cash flow generation. The long-lived asset base and ongoing cost and capital management will provide the ability to continue to strengthen our balance sheet, provide cash returns to shareholders and build additional values in our asset base. Regarding financial policy, we're working with our Board on a shareholder return policy that would balance our priorities, while providing increasing returns to shareholders based on this performance. It's a very exciting time for Freeport. And we're staying very focused on continuing our momentum. And now, operator, we'd like to take questions.
Kathleen Quirk: And Chris, this is Kathleen. We are really running the processes in parallel so that we can compare the economics of each. We were attracted to the third-party model because that was a model that was successful for us in the past when we built the original smelter. And so we'll be evaluating the economics of that option alongside of the original option as well. So really what we are seeking to do is to do this in the best economic fashion as we can. And the benefit of having a third party doing it is, it allows PTFI to really focus on mine development and upstream, which is what PTFI is really strong at. So we're still in the early stages of evaluating the two alternatives and progressing both of them in parallel to determine which is the best for PTFI and its shareholders.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. Part of the capital that we deferred in 2020 was related to the smelter. So that's something, as we've been talking about on this call, is still uncertain, but there was significant capital that we did cut in 2020. And we cut mining rates, we deferred some projects and we're still operating under those conditions. We did bring forward, - as I mentioned, we brought back in $100 million of mine equipment really allowing us to do some rebuilds more quickly than what was in the April plan and those would have been in the original plan. So some of it is timing related, and some of it really is just trying to be as efficient as possible with our equipment fleets. And that's one of the benefits that we have by operating all these mines is, planning the equipment for fleets where they bring the highest value, moving - we can move equipment from different sites to benefit from just being able to operate them together. And we're also just really trying to work the assets, use this technology that we have and the organizational improvement initiatives, to work the assets harder. And we started that program, what we called America's Concentrator, but it applies not just to milling operations but mining operations and really looking to improve the lives of our equipment, improve tire lives, all those things really add up. And so, yes. There is always tension and pressure of people wanting to invest more in our mining equipment, in our mining business, but we're really taking a very disciplined approach and using the learnings that we gained in 2020 and even prior to that, to try to drive better capital efficiency in the business.
Kathleen Quirk: But no, I think you captured it, Richard. We updated our model for all the current rates in terms of energy. We've seen some energy, some oil price increase. Although the price of oil relative to copper is still very low, we have seen some increases in oil prices which affects some of our energy costs. We've had some increase in electricity costs. Richard mentioned profit sharing, but we updated our budgets to reflect all of the input costs that vary. But from a bottom-line standpoint, we are continuing to drive the benefits that we got in 2020 through these revised plans and really working to hold on to these cost savings. We learned a lot and we always say that necessity is the mother of invention and we learned a lot during 2020. And so basic cost structure, we're working to preserve, but we do have some variability with input costs. But it's something that we're just continuing to focus on as main driver of cost and capital efficiency in the business. It's really important in the Americas because that we have such leverage to the copper price and we really want to maintain as low cost as possible and we've got programs in place that are working on that every day.
Kathleen Quirk: We have been working with the majority partner there and they would lead the development of the project and we will work out the ownership as we go forward. But the structure that we're talking about is that, PTFI would advance the funds to the smelter company as a loan and potentially convert that into equity after the smelter is completed. But Mitsubishi Materials would lead the project to develop the expansion. They've done multiple expansions there since the smelter was constructed in the mid-'90s. They are excellent, excellent operators and very efficient in terms of capital management. So we're working with them to lead the expansion.
Kathleen Quirk: We'll have some capital for the PT smelting expansion. It will be advanced as a loan. And they're doing the engineering now. We don't have definitive agreements with them, but we're very close to that. And again, any of the funding - we are planning to raise financing, debt financing, we've got discussions with banks about financing for that. And then on the larger smelter, it really will just depend on which alternative. One would be the third-party doing it, and we potentially could be a minority equity owner like we were in the PT Smelting project. Or the greenfield would involve some spending in 2021, but not significant. But as Richard said, we need to get the clarity over the next - here over the next several months to make a decision on which path to follow.
Kathleen Quirk: Thanks, Lucas. I think we have time for one more question operator. And for those of you who didn't get questions in, we'll follow up with you.
Kathleen Quirk: One point, I'll just jump in before Richard comments, we already have growth. I mean if you look at our outlook and Richard touched on this before, not only do we have growth in 2021, but also in 2022. So we've got that and we've got to execute on that plan and that's going to give us a lot of cash flow to be in a position to get some returns back to shareholders after this big investment program.
Richard Adkerson: Kathleen, apologize for not - comments. I wasn't trying to cut you out. Okay. Let's have some questions.
Richard Adkerson: Okay. So with respect to the dividend, we're already there. We just – we have a - we'll have Board meetings early this year and we are going to sit down with the Board about a broader long-term financial policy that I made referenced to, and we'll be in a position to recommend to the Board to reinstate the dividend. But there is no need for further financial metrics with that new look at our improved financial situation Over when we were paying the dividend before. The issue with the growth project is one that requires more work and requires some time in evaluating the market as we go forward. They range in size, but the projects are large ones. We have a significant expansion opportunity in El Abra, in Chile, with our partner Codelco. And it's - on the order of the project, we did Cerro Verde several years ago. And we have series of projects in the U.S. that initially aren't as large, although down the road, there are some very large ones available. The U.S. has some advantages. Tax rates are very favorable and we have a very large loss carry forward. So we don't pay taxes in the U.S. for years to come. We own most of the lands and fees. So there is no royalties. And so when you cut out taxes and royalties in the U.S. versus foreign economics and with the favorable energy situation in the U.S., and community support for workers, there's just a lot of advantages there. So we had to suspend this work because of the uncertainties of COVID. We’re now - Rick Coleman and his team are digging back into it and we are going to be doing trade-offs of these individual projects as we go forward in 2021 and we are able to report to you about our intentions. We are constantly approached by others in the industry who would like to be our partners in these projects. So there'll be a lot of opportunities there. And just to say, today, we are just resuming the work that we were engaged in previously.
Richard Adkerson: All right. Well, we’re - the Grasberg block cave has gone extraordinarily well. I mean, it's an ore body that we knew well because it's the same ore body that we mined from the early 1990s to December 2019. So we know the ore body. It doesn't have some of the pressure situations that we've had to deal with at the Deep MLZ mine. And so when you just look at the advancement of the block caving operations, the development of draw bells and the way we've operated, we're just ahead of schedule. So it's nothing more than the team being very efficient, being ahead of schedule.
Richard Adkerson: No. It's just, as you mine an ore body and go forward, it's a dynamic situation and you update mine plans and reserves for the experience in the - it's just great to see the Grasberg block cave having this really positive development mode. I mean it's just special.
Richard Adkerson: First of all, Freeport - FCX, let's call the U.S. company FCX, the Indonesian entity PTFI, okay? We are a shareholder of PTFI. We own 49% of the shares. We have rights to operate under a shareholders' agreement, we be an FCX. MIND ID owns 51%. So it's a separate entity and it is the entity that would construct and finance the smelter. So it's no 50/50 sharing. I mean it is - it'd be financed in that entity, it's a substantial entity, with no external debt. From time-to-time, there is some borrowings from FCX, but – to meet working capital needs, but it's a substantial entity that clearly can debt finance this entity on its own. So that's the way this thing would be approached and financed. Now, we do consolidate that entity because of our operating rights. It's a very positive thing that we do have the ability to do that under the accounting rules because that way we can report it as part of our global operations. So to the extent that alternative is followed and PTFI takes the lead in constructing and financing the smelter, the debt that it incurs would be consolidated on our balance sheet, but it wouldn't be obligations of FCX to provide funding for it.
Richard Adkerson: So let me go back to one step. By expanding Gresik, we could downsize the greenfield smelter that PTFI would build, and the $3 billion number would be adjusted to be offset with the additional cost of the expansion. So at this point, I think it's fair to still consider - we may have ways of reducing the capital and we are working towards those, but to think about both those projects together and the precious metal facilities, all being a $3 billion project for PTFI. Now, this new alternative would result in not having to build the greenfield smelter. Another party would come in and do that, arrange it and finance it, so the debt would not be incurred by PTFI Okay. We're still in the process of negotiating TCRC rates for that. There will be some need for financial support because of the market, but there is an opportunity for us to end up in a much more favorable situation for PTFI if we are successful in these negotiations. And the government considers it positive because it would be a step in their own government initiatives to develop industry in Indonesia. This would tie into some nickel operations and potentially some downstream battery operations and the like for Indonesia. So strategically, the Government of Indonesia sees its positive. It could be positive for PTFI and so that's the basis for our deal. And now, we're in the process of negotiating the terms of that deal.
Richard Adkerson: Chris, I want to close with one thing, one reminder, I say this every time, but I just want to close with it. If we do go forward with our original commitment, build a smelter, just remember that the negative economics of that smelter are borne more than 70% by the Government of Indonesia because of taxes, royalties, their 51% equity ownership in PTFI. And so in essence, less than 30% of the negative economics of the smelter come back to FCX through its 49% share holding in PTFI. Many people seem to be assigning more negative value for FCX to this smelter than the economics really justify.
Richard Adkerson: No, I was just going to - I will let you give the details, but Timna, you look back over time, some of our costs are correlated to the copper price. We have profit sharing for our workforce in Peru. So the more money we make there, the more our labor cost goes there. We've seen an uptick in energy cost recently from where they were earlier. So just inevitably, as the copper prices rise, we have some increases in unit costs and we are able to offset those, but not completely eliminate them through our cost efficiencies. But Kathleen, you go ahead or maybe you want to answer the second question too, Kathleen.
Richard Adkerson: So Timna, since I made that comment about Trump at your conference, we now have an older President than Trump. So maybe that extends my time frame. Personally, we've been through such a situation at Freeport really over my 30 years being here, but particularly over the last 10 years. And now that we are seeing the positive results of all of this work and particularly the recovery we made from five years ago, I'm healthy, I want to be part of it. I really enjoy and love the people I work with and we just have this incredible good spirit among our team. I do have a concern. That's why I made some of the comments on the last slide. Some people look at me and safe Freeport's an old company, maybe, but we really - if you look throughout our organization, we have a lot of young, experienced managers. With our longer-tenured people, we have great depth. We're showing we can sustain positions. When I do leave, we're going to have a sustainable company going forward, we're going to have a sustainable Board. We're working on that now. So anyway, it's been a crazy year for someone who traveled all the time to be working like I've worked - like how other people worked. But having the success with the Company which is not just a peak thing or an unusual thing, but this is - you look at the markets, inventories are low, there is elements of copper demand that are new, that are growing, supplies. I mean all of this is coming in place. And I think it's going to be - it was a great year for Freeport. I mean, we went from below $5 a share to be in the 8th best-performing stock in the S&P 500. I mean, how can you envision that. I mean that's a head spinner, but I think there is great things to come, and I want to be here and be part of it because we've worked so hard to get there. I should mention that Jim Bob died recently. He and I - I met him in my first year out of college as he was starting off McMoran and we were two different people, but we established a very good partnership. We brought different skills to bear in building Freeport. And in his later years, Jim Bob was focused on his oil and gas concepts, but he was always there. We did have a major disagreement. I mean, there is no way to hide it. Over the oil and gas deal in 2011, he thought it was a really good deal for the Company. I did not. The Board decided to do it and it caused us significant problems when commodity prices fell. He was very sick for a while, but I'm happy to say that in recent years, he and I established - in recent times he and I reestablished a really good personal relationship. And it was a sad day for all of us when he lost his life to COVID.
Richard Adkerson: And our volumes will be increasing. I mean we are 75%, 80% there now, but that will increase long-term. And what we try to do with our publicly disclosed guidance is be realistic. We don't try to do anything other than give you our current plans and what they are, and we will do better than that sometimes and sometimes, we may not. We also have an undeveloped ore body that we've been doing some work on that could add value for the future and that's an ore body called the Kucing Liar. It’s ore body with high-grade material, has some pyrite in it. Mark and his team have come up with a revised plan to deal with that. It's about a $5 billion project spread over many years, a number of years in the future, but that's not near-term, but it's something that within the timeframe of our current IUPK will be something that will sustain and add value for PTFI
Richard Adkerson: Yes. And I'll just echo, I was involved with the structure for the original smelter development in the '90s, and Mitsubishi has just been an excellent partner. They couldn't have been better. They operate the smelter in a first-class way. The world of smelters has changed so much. In those days at Grasberg, we couldn't find places to place our concentrate. So we bought a smelter in Spain. We worked to build the smelter in Indonesia. The world has changed. There is such a global excess capacity of smelters, but Mitsubishi has been there through thick and thin and have just done remarkably good job.
Richard Adkerson: Well, it needs to be. I mean, we've got this deadline that we're working with the government to extend a year, but we have to get on with the Gresik area smelter or go along with this other thing, the government is in it. So it's going to be resolved clearly within that timeframe.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we are certainly in no rush. I do think it's a great asset of our Company, but we are not - we are going to continue our focus on getting this project in Indonesia completed and that's going to be - and running our Americas business efficiently and increasing volumes when we can and controlling costs and so forth. So there's certainly no rush. In the industry itself, there are some projects that were begun and delayed because of COVID. Over time, those are going to be completed, but you don't see any evidence of a big rush to start investments. And I don't expect that to occur.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. And just a side comment, these other two mines that we have look tiny compared with Grasberg block cave and the Deep MLZ, but when you look at underground mines in the industry, those are substantial mines in and of themselves. This copper difference is just a rounding. I mean it's less than 1%. I mean, so we're right on plan for copper. And in the gold things, remember we had higher gold. Now we upgraded our gold for 2022. So every year there is going to be those kinds of adjustments. We're going to try to produce more gold, which we were able to do in 2020, and then we adjust our plans for that. So there is nothing here other than that we are right on our targets and everything is going as planned. The financial policy, I'll go back and say, what I've said before, we have ongoing informal discussions with Board members. We have formal Board members coming up. My anticipation is that there will be a restoration of our dividend and then a financial policy that will give guidance to the market of how we will be dividing cash flows in the future for further debt reduction. Although, quite frankly, we are - If you look at our cash flows that we talked to you about today and a $3.50 copper price, we are down to about $3 billion from net debt at the end of 2022. So we certainly can support higher level of debts. And that means there's plenty of cash to enhance cash returns to shareholders and then, have availability of funds, and depending on how we structure it, for future organic growth projects when we decide to initiate those. So restoration of dividend, financial policy that we will provide for increasing cash returns to shareholder over long-term with funds available for organic growth investments.
Richard Adkerson: Hi Kathleen, let me introduce Josh to the Group, okay, just briefly. Beginning September 1, Josh became our Senior Operating Manager for the Americas, a Senior Vice President. He's been with the Company 28 years and he is only 50 years old or so, but he has progressively risen in the organization, had senior leadership roles at several of our operating sites in the U.S. and South America. And over the past four years, his leadership role has grown as he worked with Red Conger who retired. And he has just been doing a great job and he's brought an energy to. He is very teamwork focused. Our other operating managers are coalescing around him. He works very well with our technical group and with our financial administrative group. So Josh Olmsted, why don't you follow-up Kathleen's comments.
Richard Adkerson: And back to the point about Freeport operating all the assets, we benefit from all being on the same system. And so this data analytics work that we're doing, really can be compared and shared across the company and collaborate, and really take the best of each of the operations and apply that to the portfolio. And we're starting to do some work with Mark and his team on different things as well. So as Josh was saying, it's really some synergies here and the work that we did in 2020 allowed us really to kind of take some of this on our own and down and drive it. So more to come on that.
Richard Adkerson: So we are working remotely, Lucas. If we were sitting as we normally do around our conference desk in Phoenix, Kathleen will be kicking me out on the table because that question is just like giving a monkey a machine gun. 2003, we had gone through a real tough time in copper with the economic issues of the late 1990s, the global recession, the global slowdown. Copper prices had dropped at one point to below $0.70. And I recall and it was at - Timna at a Merrill Lynch conference in Ireland, that was my first conference as CEO. It was right before my CEO and the price of copper had just dipped over $0.70. Nobody in the industry thought it could go beyond $1 within the foreseeable future and everybody was running the business. So what happened? China emerged in a way nobody expected. Created a whole new element of demand. Historically, whenever copper prices jumped up, the industry had projects primarily in Latin America to invest in. And the industry was widely divided and there'll be new investment. Supplies would come on, business cycle with turn down and copper prices withdraw. At this time China added in 2003 a permanent element of new demand that was beyond the traditional demand from copper that was tied into global industrial production. And there was widespread expectation that the industry would invest and add new supplies. I remember my partner Chip Goodyear got up at that conference and said, in the conference, he hope that the price wouldn't rise too much because it would create uneconomic investment. Well, what happened was the industry started looking for new projects then, and geologically, they weren't there and there were all these other barriers to investment. So we had higher prices without a supply response. That led us to do the Phelps Dodge deal in 2007. Our market cap in 2003 was $6 billion. It was $12 billion at the Phelps Dodge. We did a $38 billion business combination, the biggest in the industry. Lived through the financial crisis and then emerged in 2011 as a company with a $60 billion market cap and no debt. So what do we like here? The reason that I feel this is an echo is that we still have a world that's being burdened by the economic slowdown with COVID. While there has been recoveries in pockets of the economy, there has been stimulus by governments and China has recovered much faster than we heard about earlier I think about a world where we had a slow down to the extent we did in 2020, and copper inventories are at levels that we hadn't seen since the mid-2000s. And so here we are and we just talked about how there is not a huge rush to invest in new projects. All the major companies want to grow. Copper is part of their portfolios. That's been the case since the mid-2000s and they've been challenged in doing that. Projects today around the world geologically are more difficult, less quality than they were, underground lower grades. You look at Cerro Verde, [Covid pandemic] these are big low-grade projects that require huge investments in infrastructure and equipment, and mill processing. And then you have these barriers to production that keep some attractive projects in and around the world from going forward. You have political issues in countries that - and Africa is challenged, Latin Americas having political issues, Indonesia has been what it's been. So I do feel that if the world's global economy recovers in a reasonable way, not in an extreme way and we have this big move toward - look at all the stats that are coming about for electric vehicles in the United States. I mean think about what General Motors is doing and what China is doing? You think about the change in the global perception about climate change. In the United States, forest fires, hurricanes, I mean this is something that's going to have to be addressed. And when it is addressed, it's going to require tremendous amounts of infrastructure spending, extraordinary amounts and in all of those elements of spending there is an element of copper of significance into it. So that's why I feel like we are echoing 2003 today.
Richard Adkerson: So, again, I look over the shoulder. If you look back at Freeport, when copper prices begin rising in 2003, 2004, we returned tremendous amounts of cash to investors out of Grasberg. We were like a royalty trust or an MLP or something. Then after Phelps Dodge, we delevered very quickly and we start returning and paying dividends again. And we were well positioned in 2011 to continue to do that. The Board decided to invest in oil and gas and took it away. So here we are coming back from the situation that we are now. We don't need a commodities boom to generate lots of cash to return to shareholders. At $3.50 copper you see what the numbers are. I think copper could go much higher than $3.50. I can't guarantee it, but in my gut and Timna that's one of the reasons I want to keep working, I think it's going to be really a special time. And when that happens, we will be able to really return cash to shareholders in a substantial way. This question of investing, I mean, right now, money is so cheap you wouldn't want to bring in a joint venture partner. That may not stay that way forever, but financing is incredibly cheap and available. And I wish Phelps Dodge hadn't given up the interest in the Red Sea or the interest in Cerro Verde. So if we got good projects, we will look at the most efficient way to finance it. That could well be - could be partners because lots of people want to be our partners. And then others may have projects that we have the opportunity to join in on. There could be opportunities in M&A market, but all of that is part of this really bright future that I see for Freeport. The vision right now is focused on getting 2021 to be a successful as 2020 was. And when that happens and we got long-term run rates at Grasberg. Josh and his team has fine-tuned our business in the Americas. We got this Lone Star project, don't overlook that. That could be a new Morenci down the road. This is just a Company that's really well situated to generate cash, not have to do anything to have a sustainable future, but having the world open to us to do lots of different things. It's really, really exciting.
Richard Adkerson: All right. Thank you all for participating. We look forward to reporting our progress in 2021. And take care. Take care of yourselves, your families and the people around you. We're not over the hump yet on COVID, but just hang in there. Life is going to get better. Thanks for participating.
