Kathleen L. Quirk: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our results were released earlier this morning, and a copy of the press release and slides for today's call are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet, and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has also been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available later today on our website. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. Today on the call, we have Jim Bob Moffett, Richard Adkerson, Jim Flores and several other of our senior members of the team in the room here. I'll just start by briefly summarizing our financial results and then turn the call over to Richard who'll review our recent performance and outlook. As usual, after our remarks, we'll open the call up for questions. During the third quarter, we had an active quarter of announcements on revised plans and cost reductions. We've got further announcements in today's press release regarding our Sierrita mine, which Richard will talk more about in his presentation. Today, FCX reported a net loss attributable to common stock $3.8 billion that was $3.58 per share in the third quarter of 2015. The net loss attributable to common stocks included net charges totaling $3.7 billion, or $3.43 per share, primarily related to the reduction of the carrying values of oil and gas properties. After adjusting for the net charges, the third quarter 2015 loss attributable to common stock totaled $156 million or $0.15 a share. Our adjusted EBITDA or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization during the third quarter approximated $940 million. We reported total sales of copper during the quarter of 1 billion pounds, gold sales of 294,000 ounces, 23 million pounds of molybdenum, and 13.8 million barrels of oil equivalents. Our average realized price for copper was $2.38 per pound. That was below last year's third quarter average of $3.12 per pound, and gold prices of $1,117 per ounce or below the year-ago quarter average of $1,220 per ounce. Our oil and gas realized price for crude was $55.88 per barrel that included about $11 per barrel of realized cash gains on derivative contracts. That was substantially below last year's average price of $88.58, which included $6.77 of cash losses on derivative contracts. Operating cash flows during the third quarter totaled $822 million and capital expenditures totaled $1.5 billion. We ended the quarter with total debt of $20.7 billion and consolidated cash of $338 million. We have information in the press release on our progress; on our after-market equity programs, to date, we've raised proceeds of $1.2 billion out of a total announced program of $2 billion. We ended the quarter with a strong liquidity position. We had availability under our $4 billion revolver of $3.5 billion and availability under our Cerro Verde credit facility, $1.8 billion credit facility of roughly $300 million. I'll now turn the call over to Richard who'll be referring to the materials on our website.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Well, Jorge, I think you can see the press releases that both S&P and Moody's made during the quarter. They have – their commodities team have updated their outlook for commodities across the board including copper. And they undertook a review of Freeport during the quarter that both agencies affirmed our ratings and we did go to it from a stable outlook to negative. We've been in close contact with S&P, Moody's and Fitch really to walk them through our plans for debt reduction, show them how we get there with our organic business in terms of rising volumes, lower costs and lower CapEx. And so, the expectation is that as we get through 2016, our credit metrics will improve significantly and be within their parameters for our rating. And we're very focused on executing those plans so that our outlook can be moved back to stable. And that's really what they have been looking at in terms of our plans. But they've been running numbers at different commodity prices. Like I said, we've been in close communication. But they do see 2015, as we have signaled all year, as a bridge year, getting to this higher cash flow and free cash flow more importantly in 2016 and 2017.
Kathleen L. Quirk: And Brian, the second part of your question regarding the wages. We have made assumptions on what we expect the wage negotiations to be concluded at. But it wouldn't be appropriate for us to give that at this point because we're still finalizing those negotiations. But the numbers that you're looking at includes what we expect the results to be in our ongoing discussions, which we're progressing as we speak.
Kathleen L. Quirk: But Brian, all of this is still being looked at and optimized as we go through it. So what you're looking at is our most recent thinking, but we're continuing to look at it, and continue to look at how we smooth out, concentrate production, so we don't have big spikes, and have enough smelter capacity to be able to deal with it. So, it's a work in progress, but what you're seeing is what our current thinking is.
Richard C. Adkerson: This is Richard. I think without question, they're giving us credit for what we did in deleveraging after the Phelps Dodge deal and how we managed the crisis in 2008-2009. So, they are looking at what we say we're going to do. Now, it's on us as a management team to show that same degree of discipline in executing our plans as we go forward.
Richard C. Adkerson: So, Jorge, we used the realized prices in each region we have, but they are referenced off a WTI price of $59 a barrel at the end of the third quarter. So, that's not the exact price we use because we adjust it for what oil is selling for in California and offshore. But the reference price, the WTI price, and we don't have a choice on this. This is the – these unfortunate SEC rules that require us to use this trailing-12 month average and it was $59 WTI for the third quarter.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, that all depends. It won't all cycle out because in the fourth quarter we'll use the four quarters in 2015, and in the first quarter, the price was $70 something. So, it takes time for this to cycle through using the 12-month average, that's why I call these rules unfortunate.
Richard C. Adkerson: Thanks, Brian. We agreed last year when we signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the government that allowed us to go forward with restoring exports at the time and also set the stage for further discussions with the government leading to this recent letter. At that point, we agreed to increase the royalties that were in our contract of work to the royalties that were specified in the 2009 mining law. That was a concession we made to meet the government's aspirations. And so, in our discussions with the government now, those are the royalty rates that would be reflected in our extending contract going forward. And they would be fixed. They wouldn't be subject to further changes. So the – like we see here in the United States with this presidential campaign, there'll be a lot of comments politically coming out of Indonesia. But that's the facts of where we are with our royalties and with this recent understanding with the government about how we'll go forward.
Richard C. Adkerson: That's really what we're reviewing now. So – and again that depends on alternatives and marketplace and our view of – we're going to have a view of how to make sure whatever we do is supportive of FCX's financial condition and financial position. At the same time, if we do have a separation, we have to separate the business in a way of where it's sustainable on its own and can trade well. And so that's the trade-offs we're going. But Brian, it's – again, that's subject to this review and we'll be pursuing this aggressively. And further information will come out as we – as our board reaches decisions on it.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. Well, the numbers you see today actually reflect some of the work that we're doing about adjusting our longer-term mine plans. Previously, the annual spending on a gross basis for the joint venture was a $1 billion. We've now – annually, average. We've now reduced that to $800 million. And part of that has to do with how we mine and ultimately process ore that contain pyrites. And that includes some of the Grasberg Block Cave ore. And that would in the longer range affect how we do with the Kucing Liar ore body. But altering the mine plans to avoid the bulk of this pyrite ore, we can defer capital spending on the processing facilities and the transport and storage facilities for pyrite. We're developing plans to do that with – so that we don't end up wasting significant amounts of ore. So, it's a timing opportunity that would allow us to then go back and make those investments in mining and processing that ore in the future, and we're continuing to do that. But that's the major factor, Dave, along the lines of what you're talking about. That's how we're dealing with the long-term mine plans at Grasberg.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we reconstituted our board two weeks ago. We announced this review. We're starting the process now of coming up with alternatives and how to evaluate it. We need – there is a degree of urgency in dealing with these capital cost. So I'm not in a position right now giving you any red line time dates, but I can tell you, it's a matter of focus, and we are approaching this immediately.
Richard C. Adkerson: No, Tony. It's not off the table. Throughout this whole process, our position has been and now the government supports it, it was in the MOU in mid-2014, it's reflected in what the letter says, is that any divestment would be on the basis of fair value. And exactly how we divest depends on how we work with the government on it. The government, the central government itself will have the opportunity to acquire shares, they've had that opportunity in the past and haven't elected to do it, but we will work with them on it. The possibility of sales to stay-on companies is there. The possibility of an IPO is something we've done work on, and we can see some benefits to that to be traded on the Indonesia Exchange. Government officials would – some government officials are very supportive of that. So, all of this process is, again, conditional on getting the final documentation of the extension, and then we're prepared immediately at that point to go forward in working with the government as to exactly how to do that. But the IPO is certainly one of the alternatives that we'll be talking with them about.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, Tony, that's something that's going to be a board decision. And so, for us to come out now and say – we're going to have lots of ideas. The ideas are going to be considered and assessed in terms of creating value for the FCX shareholders. And that's going to be a board deliberation. And all of us have ideas. And we'll present those ideas, do analysis on them. We'll have expert advice on the markets and what's best. And that – then the decision is going to come out. It wouldn't be appropriate at all for us to start speculating on where that's going to go.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, Sierrita is – at these – it's really such an interesting mine because it's got low grades and big moly content. You don't have to look back many years ago to where it was our lowest cost mine. And now it's our highest cost mine. So, at current levels, unit cost are $1.90 roughly. And so that's why we cut it back and if we could cut it back totally, we're dealing with this water management issue, we would do it. But it's not big enough to have a material impact on our consolidated costs. But it's our highest cost mine or among our highest cost mines, it's the one obviously that deserves the cutback attention.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah. Thanks, Jeremy. Listen, we have an open mind on how we approach things. We have a constant flow of people coming to us with ideas, both companies, bankers, some of the private equity funds. So, we get opportunities to consider a lot of things. If you look at the majors, though, there's a consistent positive view of the longer-term copper market. And so, the better assets in that market are owned by the larger companies, and so, that's what is really a barrier for doing major transactions. But, listen, we are – as I said, I was in London last week, saw a lot of people, had a lot of discussions, a lot of people want to meet, present ideas and we're open-minded, we're going to listen to the ideas.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. Thanks, John for your comment about steps we've taken. With regard to your first question, the divestment we're talking about is a divestment of shares, common stock in PTFI. And so, whereas now, we own 90% plus. The government has a 9.36% interest. After we go through this process of divestment, which will occur after we get the documentation of our contract extension, we would own 70%, but it's a share investment. And all of these PTFI funding of CapEx is coming out of its cash flows. So, we don't contemplate any of the shareholders being FCX or the new shareholders having any requirements to make capital investments in the company. So, it would come out of cash flows. Then with respect to this future of the energy business, I'll make one side comment. Everything you talked about from electric cars to alternative energy investments requires substantial amounts of copper. And so, that's going to be the demand factor for future – the future of the copper business and all of these issues related to the future of energy and the future of climate change and so forth are – is an unfolding story still to be played out for the foreseeable future. The world's going to require substantial volumes of oil and gas to run these economies and maintain standards of living.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah. Good question. This dividend issue, we made a decision to substantially reduce the dividend earlier this year. We maintained a relatively small dividend because certain institutions have dividend requirements. The board's going to continue to review that. And we'll continue to look at. With respect to equity raises, the board's approved this $2 billion raise. We're going to have our finger on the market with the factors that you mentioned. I believe it will, absent some further changes in our free cash flow generation, it's the cash flow coming in, in 2016. This appears to be sufficient to provide the kind of buffer that we need.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, that's a valuation we're doing. It's not related to the source of the debt at all. I mean, that's just the legacy issue that came to our consolidated company when the acquisition was made. So, we're evaluating it more broadly from a financial perspective as to what would be sustainable for the entity that was separated if, in fact, we go a separation route. But it's not tied to any specific issue.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes, and that's why it's attractive. That's why it's attractive, Brian. KL is scheduled to come on later. It is much later than that. So the real issue about production is, with the Grasberg Block Cave, and near-term production isn't really affected in any significant way by this deferral of capital, and that would come into play, basically, post-2020. But it's the Grasberg Block Cave production as opposed to the KL production. I mean what we're doing is, as we come out of the pit and start mining the Block Cave, we ramp up to get back to a mill operation of 250,000 tons a day after the ramp-up, which will require several years. And then we have – the great thing about this operation is that we have the ore to feed a 250,000 ton per day mill through 2041.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes, and it also potentially gives us the opportunity to kind of stage the smelter investment at a smaller level to begin with, which saves some capital, and this is desirable, and then deal with it later on, as we ramp back into the pyrite. So there's benefit on CapEx standpoint, both at the mine and mill operations in Papua, as well as capital required for the smelter.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we've cut reinvestment from $300 million two years ago to $70 million this current year. Probably need to get closer to $125 million, $150 million, to keep production completely flat at this point in time, Brian. So what happens with the thermal reservoirs out there, as you've been heating them for years and years, you can cut capital for about 24 months before they start kind of cooling. And as they start cooling, the oil gets more viscous, and the production rate slows. We're all talking about small, small increments here. So we'll need to start reinvesting there, probably in late 2016, early 2017, and then it flattens out. The one production adjustment that you're seeing is in our offshore business, where we have our (74:06) platform, which is our highest cost production. It's shut in, and it's shut in indefinitely, due to the plains all American pipeline situation, where the pipeline ruptured and they're shut in due to repair work. And that forecast is in years, so we're not sure that production will be restored. So I think the new production level that you see currently is pretty good for 2016 and going forward.
Richard C. Adkerson: All I'll say is thank you again for being on the call and your interest. We'll look forward to reporting progress as we go forward and if you have any follow-up questions, as you study the material, or for any reason you feel free to contact David Joint. And we'll make sure the right person answers your questions. Thanks a lot, everybody.
James C. Flores: Jorge, we're required to use SEC price deck which is a trailing 12 month average. If you use the forward curve, forward curve is actually lower by a few dollars than the SEC price deck. So, you'll see us continue. If oil prices continue to stay in the $40, $45 range, the $50 range, you'll see, in the fourth quarter, you'll see a slight reduction there. But all depends if oil prices stay steady or go up or erode going forward. But we're kind of at – we're at that apex point where we may not totally be there just because of the oil price in the fourth quarter. So far, here in October, has been a few dollars below the SEC price, average price for the last 12 months that we used for that reporting purposes.
James C. Flores: All right. Tony, look at this way. About $750 million will keep production flat in the Gulf of Mexico and California. So, you're really talking about $2 billion is forecasted and I might have mentioned today that we're trying to work – continue to work with that number. Everything above that would be toward the growth CapEx (58:11) 25% increases.
James C. Flores: And going forward – going forward to 2017, that's kind of $750 million to $1 billion. That's why at $45 and even lower, we can continue to be cash flow neutral once we have this production on, and just defend it by putting on one or two wells a year. When you have 13 good discoveries in your inventory, it's pretty easy to see the visibility there.
James C. Flores: Tony, where Rich highlighted the board reconstruction, I resigned from the board and so forth. That's so we wanted to give the board maximum flexibility to have as far as separating the oil and gas business if that makes sense. Their advisors advise them and so forth of where the highest and best value of FCX is. That's the path forward. But they have maximum flexibility. There's no sacred path or no prohibited path at this point. So, that's the value for the FCX shareholders, that's the number one goal here.
James C. Flores: John, as long as Exxon, Shell, Chevron, BP are in oil business, I'm going to be in the oil business. So, that's the way I look at it.
