Richard Adkerson: It’s more of a question of timing, I really believe all the projects that we’ve mentioned are likely will be done and it’s just a question of timing. One thing that we will be able to do, I mentioned just briefly this Chino operation in New Mexico, it was a very old mine, 100 year old mine that we curtail. But we are taking the steps now and that will bring in 150 to 250 million pounds of copper about restarting this operation. In terms of major expansion projects in the copper business, Cerro Verde is a project that’s, the word Slam Dunk comes into me in my mind. But we live in a world where you don’t want to go that far out. But it’s straight forward major project double or triple production there and that’s unless something really turns down in this world, that something we will be announcing within the year to go forward with. Climax is another project along those lines. It would be the best molybdenum mine in the world. And in absence of some major change in the marketplace we would be prepared to go forward with it to production in 2012, 2011 depending on how far we go about this. We are going to prudent about timing because we want to get ahead of the marketplace but given marketplace and those things will happen. And Tenke Fungurume is project that has the physical opportunities to expand beside the markets there we got a deal with some of these governmental issues that conditioned on our doing that. We believe we can do that but it’s got the resource to go forward. What we want to do right now is work hard to be ready to pull the trigger on these things, not making the decision that you are totaling committed to do it in terms of specific timing but go forward. I’m really excited about the mill prospectus in North America particular at Morenci. It’s a huge resource and to be able to build a mill there and to have a modern mill that could handle large volumes of ore, produce larger amount of copper is very exciting. Three years ago we looked at El Abra and we thought we saw just oxide and Sulfolix and now we see the potential for a mill there. So we have to work on all the things that go in converting reserves to project and it involves permits, it involves water, power issues, personnel issues and so forth. But what we see here is looking forward a whole string of these opportunities it gives us a chance to grow. Based on resources we already have in house.
Richard Adkerson: Well Tenke had a very important event that happened on June 30th, it was the country did, the Democratic Republic of Congo, it was the 50th year anniversary of their independence from Belgium, and that was a big deal for this country. And the King of Belgium came to Kinshasa and there were a lot of big events. So the government has really been focused on that activity then. The recent conversations have been very positive about going forward. And as I said, it’s a question of will we have a contract? We’re operating everyday under that contract, and we’re getting encouragement from a number of sources within government that our contracts not going to be significantly, they are not going to take a position of changing our contract. Our position is, we’re not really negotiating we have a contract and we’re supporting that contract. We are working cooperatively with the government. We want to be responsive to issues they have. When you are going into it, it always will be a complicated place to operate, but you can see our numbers speak for themselves there.
Richard Adkerson: First of all thanks for the comments, just with Red and is operating management from North America and South America. And we look back on our own history and look at where we come with these operations. We’ve had six straight quarters now of meeting our targets and these are hard targets to meet with mines of the nature that we have in history and all of our guys are so fired up about the success we are having in dealing with costs, we got a lot of confidence after going through 2008, 2009 and we just got a great team and momentum is going, going very good. One factor in this issue about guidance that you talked about is that we do have some lower volumes coming out of Grasberg because of this [eight east] situation. And so some of the better than expected performance out of the remainder of our operations is making up for that and Grasberg itself has outperformed its target from that, so some of that is an offset for that. And then as you mentioned, as we look forward historically we have tried to be not overly optimistic, we’d rather under promise and over deliver on situations that’s been our history. So, we are going to work hard. And with this Grasberg mine plan, our team’s working on issues so that we can do better than the mine plan for [eight east] and we talked about but we want to make sure that the investment community knows an outlook that we were confident in.
Richard Adkerson: That is correct Mike. It is a logistics challenge, its costly because we are trucking this product in certain of our inputs by 3,000 kilometers but that system would handle the doubling of where we are now and we have studies going on then for the long range opportunities to build this up to a world class mine which would require rails and we are working with the government and there are some regional things going on with other countries. Historically, with rail systems there and we think that ultimately the country will get there.
Richard Adkerson: Yes from our current level that’s the range that we’ve talked about. We’ve talked about the ability to double with oxides and then double again in sulfides but that’s order of magnitude type of deal and we still have to do some core drilling and exploration analysis. We have some mix store that’s significant, say that will require some metallurgical work to deal with but that’s the order of magnitude opportunity that we see there.
Richard Adkerson: I think you just look at the tradition and the history of our company, our board has a tradition of being shareholder oriented and as we look forward we think, I think you see this cross business is everywhere now the businesses are being conservative with cash positions. But our tradition has been not to retain over excess amounts of cash, we really want to invest it, I mean that’s the best thing we can do for shareholders. But to the extent we have excess cash, our board’s tradition has been to return cash to the company, we pay strong regular dividends, we pay special dividends and have bought stock back in all those things are considered by our board at each one of its meetings.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we’ve been very clear with the government and it’s just common sense to say we are not going to commit the capital until we get all the issues related to our contract discussions and our ability to operate in a reasonable fashion behind us. In the mean time we have advanced the feasibility studies, we are looking at several alternatives. The feasibility studies are not going to be the time constraint for going forward. We are going to be prepared to go forward when these discussion with the government are completed in a mutually satisfactory way.
Richard Adkerson: No, we will execute on expansion. We are dealing with the feasibility studies right now, we are working and we got several alternatives. And they are ramping up and then we got lot of data and things of that nature. It’s really the question you had about committing capital. So we are meeting all the requirements for our contracts in terms of doing the studies and so forth and we are not slowing down the study aspect of the work. In terms of saying we are going to start ordering equipment and doing construction and that’s what pending resolution of these discussions.
Richard Adkerson: Okay, because one of the issues that’s on all of our minds is there’s currently an issue with delivery trucks and that’s all, but with mining trucks that’s an interesting question. We are working right now, we had in round terms 100 haul trucks that were idled when we cut back. We’ve been using those, we’ve been using some of those in our restarted operations, we’re going to use some at Climax, we’ll use some at Chino, we sent some to South America, some to Indonesia. And now we’re seeing some opportunities of reworking as we watch how the industry is changing its truck fleet situation from one manufacturer to another, we’re seeing some opportunities maybe of acquiring some used trucks and reworking them and that would give us capacity on an ongoing basis. So it’s a real dynamic thing. We have a large scale operation, its large part CAT 793 trucks. Some other operations they are going to different size trucks, different manufacturers, and that’s making some trucks that fit in particularly well with us available, and we’re moving to take advantage of that.
Richard Adkerson: Sulfolix is going ahead as planned. We have the infrastructure there; we have to make some changes. We had this dynamic pair that we’ve been using for the oxide, we’re changing it, but this would be the middle opportunity is incremental to the Sulfolix. Sulfolix is underway and will operate regardless the decision we make on the mill.
Richard Adkerson: Well, I mean, it’s really too early to say that but these concentrated mills are a project with this grades. There are standards that we’ll look at in the alternate, in the studies. Right now we are in kind of a pre-feasibility of study phase with that and this will, lot of this will depend on how we work through our potential opportunity to do something jointly with Codelco.
Richard Adkerson: Yes Sal, it’s like at Morenci, you don’t do a small mill for a large low grade deposit. It has to be a mill that has substantial capacity because you need the economies of fixed scale, to make something economic. Good news is we got the resource to even think about this.
Richard Adkerson: 160, because we don’t have the mine the waste that you do out of the pit and so various combination of gold prices and diesel prices, our unit costs have actually been lower underground than they have been in the pit. In broad terms, when we think about say gold at $800 and oil cost at say $70 - $80 a barrel, you end up with something in the net $0.40 range where the pit would have lowered its life then around $0.20, sometimes lower. But it’s within those ballparks, but it will vary significantly depending on the relationship with the price of gold and price of diesel.
Richard Adkerson: That’s right. Within the same range still you know in terms of the industry, one of the very lowest cost operations anywhere.
Richard Adkerson: That’s not the discount. That’s the price that we will receive. So it’s like a two third, 70% of the selling prices what we realize.
Richard Adkerson: All the things over time that we expect is to realize better economics. We are putting in a new dryer system that by 2011 we will deal with this water content, long range we may process the material ourselves to metal and then we will get much more efficient when we deal with the process of the So2 plant.
Richard Adkerson: We are going to work hard to get it back down. With these grades we are going to work to get the cost back to some of these previous estimates to get what this is just where we are right now. There are some sulphuric acid costs that are higher than anticipated. Some of it has to do with the material that we are now planning on running through to get the higher throughput rates. There is some transportation cost issues with that. Overall, transportation costs are higher than we anticipated. We are going to do some of this has to do with some government fees, we are having to pay not only just in the Congo but through some of the other country we are going through and we are working on dealing with that. We got about I think it’s around $0.04 that we have identified that are has to do with some of the legal and administrative cost that facing us or the cause of the some of the issues we are facing not with the contract review but with an administration with the government and labor cost are bit higher. So we just had a session with our team. We are focused on this but you are extremely right, this is where we are right now and again that’s the guidance we are giving but we are going to work to get the cost down. As the project expands and we get the benefits of scale, we deal with some of these cobalt issues and some of the other issues we would think that our cost would come down.
Richard Adkerson: No, let’s get those unit cost because they will be coming down substantially at Grasberg, cost structures got there. If you look at the top line cost number before you get to the byproduct credits its really very attractive and nothing from a cost standpoint going on.
Richard Adkerson: Okay, so because of the mine plant changes when you look at Indonesia alone we’ve got lower volumes, that’s being offset by some higher volumes in our consolidated numbers, and that’s partially what’s driving what you are observing.
Richard Adkerson: Right, this is cost that going into the year we were planning, to be spending next summer, and we made the decision to go ahead and start doing some work this summer. For those of you, I think most of you know this is located right on the top of Freemont pass in the Colorado Rockies, and so, there’s a summer construction season that you have to take advantage of. And so what we really did is, we advanced some things we were planning on doing in the summer of 2011 to this year. And it’s in all of numbers, and it would be part of the $500 million cost to complete that we are disclosing.
Richard Adkerson: No, the Climax decision will be earlier than this, we’re doing studies at Morenci now, it will be a major capital project, built to big mill and so forth. I just wanted, as Jim Bob referred to, it adds to the economics of looking at the expansion at Morenci but it won’t affect Climax.
Richard Adkerson: No, our guidance is $0.80 at this point. We are going to work towards driving that down but when we look at a combination of our historical, the cost that we’ve been incurring as we now have been operating this, we began a year ago and ramped up copper. When we look at where we are actually spending, we have the issues that we’ll deal with some of the issues with cobalt but some of those will be with us for a while and we have these issues with the government plus some incremental sulphuric acid cost. Right now we are looking at the guidance of $0.80 for 2011; we can understand that we’re going to work to get it lower.
Richard Adkerson: No. No, that really hasn’t affected us. We haven’t marked, as far as I know it’s just been normal rain even maybe a little less.
Richard Adkerson: Yeah, we’ve had normal rainfall this year both in the first and second quarter. We don’t have monsoon season like some of the rest of Indonesia. First quarter we’ve seen marginally higher rain, we saw that. It wasn’t substantially high. So the seismic activity that you’ve seen is often Northeast corner of PNG. It’s a long wait from us, not even felt out at site.
Richard Adkerson: No. The metals they are talking about are the ones that are being in line in small operations in the Eastern Congo at Congo, [Coltrane] in the other metals like that, it has no impact on us. And another thing the disclosure issues about payments you made to the government that’s in that deal. We are really modeled after the international effort to disclose payments of where are we complying with. So there is nothing in there that really affects us.
Richard Adkerson: We’ve been with this over a two-year period. We’ve been very close on a couple of occasion during the period that we thought we were within a matter of days of having this completed for whatever reason government changes or other things have come in the way. I think throughout the period you can describe our situation has been consciously optimistic and sometimes maybe what you hear in the tone of my voice as what’s going on at a particular time we are talking. And right now the discussions have been very good. So we remain cautiously optimistic. As I said we are operating everyday we are going to work to get our cost down to improve our volumes and right now we are recapturing investment. Cash is coming out of this back to repay the advances that we’ve made over time, the key to going forward with developing is to its full potential which would be a great event for this country. It would be very positive for all the stakeholders involved and we keep saying that is getting these discussions out of the way.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, I’ll tell you we’ve got a great team and that was one of the great things about the combination of our two companies was being able to put these two groups together, and a lot of the young people. One of the great things Wayne has been fun to watch over time is seeing how our Indonesian national staff has developed. We actually have Indonesian nationals working in the DRC in South America, here is Phoenix. And so, all of that’s good. Now having said that, we’re going to be out looking for people this is very attractive place to work. We’re hiring people and will continue to do that, so we’ve got development, we’re very comfortable internally with what we do. Two years ago the big issue at this very moment in time was dealing with outside equipment suppliers and contractors. And that’s going to be an issue going forward, is to the outside services, but I’m very comfortable for what we can develop and handle in house.
Richard Adkerson: What we are looking to do is not compete with the local community but do things that would be incrementally beneficial to the local community and provide for water for our operations.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we take advantage of the natural drainage, so it flows by gravity naturally down the Rio Chile drainage.
Richard Adkerson: Those are issues that our boards consider Peter and no question the times that we are in and the uncertainties and so forth lead to different sorts of analysis and you would be if you are in different times. We have an issue just from a cold blooded economic analysis of debt levels in that we don’t get tax benefits for debt like some other companies would and that has to do with the fact that we pay such large taxes in our overseas operations particularly Indonesia which has no need for debt because of where it is. There’s all this big discussion right now about the foreign tax credit and so forth, Freeport is in the mirror image of what a lot of US companies are where they have low foreign taxes and high US taxes. We have higher foreign taxes than we do in the US. So one of the issues about leverage that you business school students would normally look at is the tax deductibility of interest and we only get about 15% of our interest and that’s deductible. That’s just one factor that goes into it. In terms of what we will be comfortable with, you can almost go back to the point Phelps-Dodge transaction, the way we structured what we paid for. At that time we were comfortable with having $6 billion to $7 billion of long term debt which is more than what we have now. So we could be comfortable with more debt than what we have now. It’s a question that the board is going to be talking about, it’s their decision and they will look at, as I said we all want to invest. I mean that’s the first thing we want to do and then we look at things like the regular dividends, special dividend and as Mike mentioned stock buybacks.
Richard Adkerson: No question. And we have access to credit now that’s comparable to what we had before the downturn. So, we have a lot of financial flexibility, we’d be very comfortable in financing these projects using some debt. They’re going to be over periods of time, but as we look here right now you’re going to see a company that will have the opportunity of returning significant cash to shareholders as we invest in growth.
Richard Adkerson: No, it’s all on the table. If you notice in our financial statements, we do spend money on reclamation activities, but there is one other things we’re really committed to is going on behind the scenes. We don’t talk about it at earnings conference calls as we’ve got a very act of program solving problems. We’ve been settling these issues, reaching conclusions, spending money in advance to get problems behind us. But that’s just all normal course of business.
Richard Adkerson: Before Bob brought the credits you know. It’s, the issues related to some incremental transportation cost as we step up some production, we’re having some higher sulphuric acid, we are having some higher employee cost and as we are also having some costs dealing with legal administrative issues in dealing with certain things that we have to face with the government. So it’s the combination of all of those factors.
Richard Adkerson: Right. Brett we only add into our next slide, slide 23, projects that have been formally approved by board. All these things that we are considering are not in there neither the cost nor the volumes. So when a project gets approved it goes into those numbers. Now with respect to taxes I think there are some real important things here to focus on. In Indonesia we had a contract of work, we’ve had two since mid 60s when this company started there and that sets for the life of the contract that taxes in royalties that are payable and that’s never been changed. And today in Indonesia their corporate income tax is actually 30% and we pay a tax of 35%. So whatever Indonesia decides to do from a policy standpoint and by the way Indonesia as a country has done very well. And they are talking about decreasing taxes to encourage business. But our situation is fixed there. In Chile we and other members of the copper industry have recently been engaged in discussions with the government about a revision to their royalty payments to an affect advanced on royalty payments, so that they would get some funds to deal with the aftermath of the earthquake and Tsunami that fell apart for political reasons. And right now our situation in Chile is fixed by our agreements that we have there. In Peru, South America had very attractive tax regimes and royalty regimes compared with world standards. And that’s one of the reasons Chile improved have just done so well. We use them as examples in other parts of the world that if you do have attractive taxes and royalties you encourage investment. So Peru, there has been some steps to have what they call voluntary payments that we’ve been involved with. We constantly have discussions with them about tax issues but the whole industry ICMM organization and our Chair was very concerned about what Australia was doing, we’ve seen this case in other countries like Mongolia which has had difficulties in getting contracts approved in the DRC, they have indicated they are moving towards the new mining coal there, that would provide for higher taxes for new projects. It wouldn’t affect our projects because we have an existing contract. So this whole issue of resource nationalism is worldwide and it is another one of those factors that’s going to make it more difficult from an economic standpoint to justify new investment in copper mining operations, that along with environmental concerns and the fact that resources are underground, cost structure et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So yes it’s an issue.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we have answered all the call. It has been a long call. We appreciate, we have a large number of people still online and we appreciate your interest in our company. Look forward to reporting the rest of the year and as always if you have questions be sure you’ll call David Joint and he will get you connected with the right people in our company. Thanks a lot.
Jim Bob Moffett: This is Jim Bob, let me just comment on the size of these sulfide deposits. It’s just come up and four or five questions here. Now just don’t forget that in Morenci which of course is a world class brand already, with the sulfide ore at Morenci could be under 5 billion pounds which is 2.5 billion pounds more than we have and it is rational and obviously the grade is going to be less, but with the money since you have that at Morenci, you’re still talking about something’s going to be over 0.5% of copper. And of course you have the same size share already. That has the outside based on our exploration drilling of being a $5 billion ton ore body. So that’s again twice as big as the Grasberg. Obviously that’s a grade again with the copper and moly credits that will be over 0.5% copper. And probably in three billion-ton range which is again bigger than Grasberg in size terms. Once again it will be lower grade. But it’s based on the deep drilling we’re drilling there and could be up in the 0.5% copper. So as we talk about these things, I just thought I would put it in perspective. We’ve already talked about the size of the size of the group at Tenke. But when you throw those kinds of numbers around, obviously as you said with the lower grades you obviously have the big mills. When we take the Grasberg at 2.5 billion and you take the potential of being able to quadruple order because of the size of that and then Morenci, Cerro Verde, El Abra talking about five world class properties that have tonnage. We have got enough exploration and exploitation drilling done that those are not just numbers we throw around, those are nicely targets. So I hope that kind of puts a perspective around this of envelope of what we call Brownfield projects and they are really Greenfield type of size and we’ve got in our hip pocket to develop as the market allows us to.
Jim Bob Moffett: When you talk about underground mining, and you have to remember the elevation I know everybody is aware of the fact that we have gravity working in our favor. We wouldn’t be talking about blockading, that’s why this thing, as we just pointed out, can have these kind of low cost numbers on the horizon, because when people talk about it rather because your have sometimes, a lot of new stuff is being looked at people are talking about deep underground mines. They are talking about mines where they can’t blockade; they’re going to have to have gravity working against them. So the unbelievable geometry of this ore body at Grasberg where we ran up at the 13,000 elevation and built that open pit and we mine that open pit and yet at the mill level because you still have the advantage of going underneath the big ore body and as we said, you don’t have to move the waste. But not only do you not have to move the waste, you don’t have the hazards of the open pit that we’ve had at the Grasberg at (inaudible) season that had rainfall, with fog, et cetera, et cetera. Fortunately there is no fog underground, there’s no rain underground. So not only are you getting rid of trucks, plus you are getting rid of a lot of hazards that you don’t have to deal with. And you have your own hazards underground with the blockade but for any of you that have been at Grasberg and been there during the heavy rainfalls that fall with those big trucks driving up and down, getting in and out of that open pit, so there’s a lot of things to consider. That’s why the cost structure always fools people think that underground mining will be more costly, with the terrain and the conditions, the weather conditions, has a huge impact versus the underground blockade.
Jim Bob Moffett: Obviously, the big project you are talking about was identified early on. We went in and did the (inaudible) surveys. One of the things that the managements been able to do we did as you know and go project in [Walloon] to the North one of those big arrow mags, but we are still having but as you get to size of it to the point even with these go projects that we have, is you can justify a road as for North is we actually get to it. Probably the biggest frustration we’ve had is that a big aero magnitude that you are remembering and come up with you about a hundred miles West of the Grasberg and that darn thing, the arrow mag, is just like the arrow mag at Grasberg, so we had some high hopes and there were some challenge driven down there that had seen some indicators as we covering to go and we got in there and we drilled what looked like the identical spot on the arrow mag that you have, a Grasberg type whole body and we had one or two days but we just couldn’t confirm the size of one. So there’s a lot more work to be done in there because these arrow mags are so big. As you know, you don’t want to miss the sweet spot every time we had to go in there to try to really get going. We had some kind of security issue because of the passwords are commonly situated at that address. So, you just have to stay tuned on that, we still have control of the acreage with (Inaudible) come open in particular is a prospect you remember, that we had hoped by now, we would have done enough drilling that if there was a Grasberg everybody after we see. We just haven’t been able to give an American, a continuous program but we haven’t brought a, goes over and reason for that is embarking, where we guess we don’t have any issues as far as camp and I don’t think I have people out there in the rural areas without the infrastructure to back them up that we do on the [inflation], we do it Block A. So that’s why we’ve able so successful, we’ve stayed at the bottom of Grasberg East and getting the (inaudible) they are, the big guys and those kinds of things. But just stay tuned on that taking on that because (inaudible) is still after and looking at that you have somewhere could be another Grasberg the arrow mags will be there. We just haven’t been smarter enough, we’re lucky that the drills are in the right place.
Kathleen Quirk: First of all when you look at the cobalt price, the market price. We are not selling refined metal; we are selling a hydroxide product. The price structure is similar to like you would have concentrates in the copper industry. So the price that we receive is a discount to the market price and generally it varies depending on what the price is, generally somewhere in 55% plus or minus range of that price.
Kathleen Quirk: And then on top of that, the realized price you have see in the press release reflects that number. And on top of that we have freight cost that we pay which is in the $2 pound of cobalt range. The freight cost is currently is higher than it will be when we get similar issues resolved because we are shipping a product that has higher water content. And so that freight will come down and then we’ve also got our processing cost that are netted in that line item for the bought product credits.
Kathleen Quirk: Copper volumes are not significantly different where we if you look at the gold by product credit. We are well above. We will be $0.14 for this for the year and last time at this quarterly call we were estimating $0.25 for the average for the year. So our costs are actually better in Indonesia than we had originally forecast, and that’s being driven by these higher gold credits. The copper volumes are actually down from our previous forecast for Indonesia, so that’s resulting in the higher site production and delivery costs, compared to where we were previously.
Kathleen Quirk: But that doesn’t include the potential additional investments that we are considering but that’s based on our current plan, slide 23. If that’s consistent with the volume projections that we’ve got, so it’s an apples-and-apples.
Wayne Atwell: I’m very impressed by your list of projects that you can develop. Do you have the staff? I mean this may sound like an impolite question do you have the staff because you are talking about expanding just about every project and it’s going to take a huge amount of engineering work.
Wayne Atwell: Because it seems like it’s quite a distance maybe 50 or 100 kilometers to bring water in from a reservoir. Do I have that right or…
Wayne Atwell: And I guess as a quick follow up, I mean if you look at the current price deck of metals, and just to make the assumption which I know isn’t anybody’s base case, but if you think it hangs around sort of plus or minus 10 % or wherever you are today, you guys should be generating close to $4 billion of free cash flow even with the dividend, maybe a little bit below that in that type of environment. And as you’ve alluded to or as you pointed out very clearly you’ve got as much as six world class mines that you could be sitting on, if you fully get them out. To get there, I guess I have two questions. What kind of volume would you be looking at? And would that require spending all of that cash flow, just with the right numbers or would you still have surplus cash flow? It seems to me I can’t get the numbers to add up. It seems to me like you’re still accumulating cash on the balance sheet given the timing of these projects.
