Richard C. Adkerson: They had to be rebuilt. We cannibalized some of them, but we don't have idle trucks. I mean, we went from 100 idle trucks to all of them working and buying new trucks. So as we go through that, it's going to involve some incremental spending.
Richard C. Adkerson: And we did that with a little bit impact on unit costs but not like you might expect. I mean, we still had attractive costs. So the good thing that we have, of course, we -- the byproduct moly comes, it just comes with copper production. But we now have 2 mines that can be flex producers, and we'll be operating them like that. We have enough confidence in the market that we believe that the market could absorb the amounts that we're adding. Now for example, our Cerro Verde project has 15 million pounds of copper, I mean, with moly coming with it. We expand Sierrita in Bagdad. That's more moly coming with the project. We're seeing some moly at Morenci with our future expansion. So we're going to be the leader in this industry, and we're going to the lowest cost producer. And we're going to be in a position to be responsive to market requirements.
Richard C. Adkerson: It's around $7 a pound, and it was lower than that back in '08 because the input costs were a lot lower. And my recollection was our costs went up about $1 a pound as we cut production in half, which is still, Mike, as you know, very attractive in terms of industry cost structure.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. I'm going to let Kathleen talk about the CapEx spending, then I'll come back and talk about the new government.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. Now that's obviously dependent on getting our permits and our discussions on our tax situation and watching developments as they go on in Peru. Where we are with the stage of the project is we've completed a feasibility study, and we're prepared to file for the environmental permits, which would normally take about a year. And then we're looking at what our tax and royalty situation would be. Big picture, Peru has made very significant advancements as a country, principally driven by mining investments. Our company has had a really longstanding partnership with the country and with the local community. And we're really positive about the outlook for both the country and our project at Cerro Verde. When you look at the taxes and royalties in total that we currently pay, and a lot of those are in different buckets in Peru, so they don't necessarily have a complete transparency when you first look at them, they're in line with international standards. And we've been an important contributor to the region and the country. It's 18% of the GDP in Arequipa region. Arequipa's the second largest city in the country and 1% of GDP. And we're investing and have invested significantly in benefits to local communities. We did a water system earlier, this wastewater system, that we're working on. And we're targeting 1% of our revenues for community support even though that's not necessarily required. So we've worked very positively with them. Now the election was a surprise. I mean, Humala wasn't expected to win just a few months ago, and he emerged as the candidate that was elected by the people. And we always work with the elected governments. We don't get involved in internal politics. During the course of the campaign, Humala made positive comments about being supportive of mining activities. My own judgment is that anybody who's running that country is going to look to support mining because that's what they need to advance their country. And without mining, they have limited amounts of other business to fall back on. So we're going to work cooperatively with them overnight. Yesterday, the administration, the ministers were announced. The mines minister is an individual we've worked with in the past, and we can work with in the future. So we're certainly not affecting our operations, and we're going forward with our expansion plans with a positive view of working with the new government to get our plans approved and to invest. We believe the local mayor, for example, was a Humala supporter. He's very supportive of our operations and, we have a great working relationship with him. It's a question of time will tell, but we're not discouraged about where we stand right now.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, when we're putting these numbers together, we surveyed what our people were paying. There's basis differences, so you can't just say there's a single price. But Paretosh, let's see. Kathleen will comment on...
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we -- prior to our fourth concentrator expansion that we did in the mid-1990s with burn diesel, with that, we burn -- we developed a coal plant to generate electricity. We have 3 facilities there. We buy coal from Indonesia. And the coal provides our base load, and we supplement that with diesel. We have a project that we're working on with the province of Papua now to -- that's targeting the development of a hydro facility in Papua, which we're very encouraged about. It would be a project that would provide -- feasibility is established and we've begun work on it. We're encouraged by it. We've got work to do. But it's about 100 kilometers away from our operations, and it could potentially deliver power for us on a cost advantage basis. And the province is very interested in it because it could assist in helping to further economic development of the province of Papua. So we're working on that as a project.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes, Chuck. That's an interesting question, and we're having a lot of discussions internally about that. As you know, and I think most of you know, we're on both sides of that equation. We're a very large copper concentrate producer that we sell in the marketplace. We have an investment in a significant smelter in Spain, our Atlantic Copper Smelter in Huelva. We have a minority equity ownership interest, and we're a supplier to the Gresik smelter in Indonesia. And we have a smelter here in the southwest copper district at Miami, where we supply concentrate used asset and generate cathodes that we use in our wireline business. So we're really are on that now. Now with respect to Japan, 2 smelters were temporarily affected. Everyone needs to tip their hats to the Japanese ingenuity and work ethic for how quickly they're recovering from their situation, and they are recovering. It's had an impact short-term. Smelter business is affected by buying patterns in China and investments in smelters continue to be made there. There are other smelters being talked about around the world. There's one being talked about, about in Indonesia. So it's an evolving situation. It's not clear cut. A lot of it depends on the timing of these development projects that are coming down the pipe in the copper business. But clearly, the TCRCs have moved up, temporarily. We'll be entering into our annual negotiations later this year, and they will be reflective of what the market is at that time, but there's -- I don't think there's any clear-cut answer that we can say specifically to your question.
Richard C. Adkerson: And Richard, I'll just add that while Kathleen's right, this specific instance is a nonrecurring deal as we look at this, this is an important part of our business. When we acquired Phelps Dodge, we stepped into a situation where historical operations had been conducted by Phelps and by Cyprus and by Amax . And it's an ongoing management issue for us to deal with these in a responsible way, to deal with regulations. We try to get issues settled and behind us. But it is part of our business that everybody ought to understand and something we will continue to work on. And there will be issues that come up from time to time. Some of these things had to do with operations that haven't been active since the early 1900s or the mid-1900s. And anyway, we have resources and a great team that works to deal with those. And overall, since 4 years now we've been working, I've been very pleased with how we've been able to manage it. But they do involve costs.
Richard C. Adkerson: No, we -- let me answer the general question first. We have great relationships with CODELCO, and our partnership has never been stronger in terms of the way we work. They're a minority owner, most of you know that, but they're a significant minority owner in El Abra, and we are talking with them about the possibility of doing something jointly with their adjacent operations. The new mines minister is a very well-regarded engineering expert in the country. And our people and the CODELCO people tell me they're very pleased about the prospects of working with him. We have great relationship with Martin Goldberg and so we're pleased with that. We're looking at alternatives of what to do about whether it makes sense to do something jointly with CODELCO, but there's also alternatives that we're looking at where we would do this on our own. So it's -- we're not decided yet. It's ongoing considerations but there's a couple of paths that we're currently evaluating.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes, sure, Brian. We'll come back and add some to Kathleen's. But let me talk about the Indonesian situation. It's a different situation now than with the Gresik smelter. In the Gresik smelter, when we signed our new contract of work in 1991, there was a provision in there that we committed to work to have a smelter built in Indonesia subject to its economic feasibility. And we followed through on that commitment, ultimately developed a partnership with Mitsubishi and other Japanese investors. We took an equity interest. We supported the smelter with concentrate supplies, and we fulfilled our obligation to the Indonesian government at that time. Now our contract gives us the right to market our concentrate in the world markets. And Indonesia has passed a law that they're working to see how they can implement that would restrict exports of raw materials requiring in-country processing. Our contract with the Indonesian government officials have said would be honored would exempt us from that requirement. Now having said that, we will work cooperatively with the government and with others. We're committed to encouraging economic development within the country. And developing a new smelter anywhere in the world today is economically challenging, it will be challenging in Indonesia. But we're going to work cooperatively with the government. And in the terms of our contract of work, we are confident we'll prevail in terms of the legal requirements that we're subject to.
Richard C. Adkerson: To date, there are other investors who are talking about investing in the smelter in Indonesia. And we're talking with them about -- are prepared to talk with them about commercial-supplier relationships. We have existing contracts that we'll work with. But to date, our discussions are considerations. The discussion really is too strong a word for, have been more from a supplier standpoint, as opposed to investor standpoint.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay, Brian. And I'll just say, as an add-on to Kathleen's comments about the situation at Cerro Verde, a comment when you look at these expansion projects that people are talking about throughout the industry, and like Cerro Verde, we talked about tripling mill throughput and so forth, underlying that is a situation that if you don't invest, you're going to see declines from grades, depleting resources, higher costs and so forth. So I've seen some analysis that picks up the production and treats it all as incremental. But underlying that is an inherent decline in the resource base because of the nature of ore resources.
Richard C. Adkerson: That's a good point, Jim Bob. And I'll just emphasize, nobody's approached us about subsidizing smelters.
Richard C. Adkerson: It's the timing. I mean, this mine's located 11,000, 12,000 feet on top of the continental divide. We got a heck of a lot of snow this year. Average snowfall is 400 inches. And so you're sort of teed up to make timing decisions on things like this, driven by the seasonal situation. So the question of making this decision now or it would have to be delayed for at least 6 months. And so we have a lot of discussions. And as we talked about a year ago, we had decided to go ahead and spend capital to prepare ourselves for it. And based on our overall read of the market, we concluded now is the time to take a -- I want to use the word measured step towards start up.
Richard C. Adkerson: No question. I don't think that was the driving force. If we had not had some confidence in the market, and again, molybdenum market is much smaller than copper markets, of course. This is a big project in relation to the overall market. We're a big producer of byproduct moly. We have the Henderson mine. All of this fits in together. So it was a complicated analysis, and one of those decisions that's based on pluses and minuses. And the great plus here is the resource that we have and the resources that we have in our company.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, Isabel, the tax environment will have a big impact on the viability of our project and other projects in Peru. So the tax situation is very important, taxes and royalties and however the government extracts value out of the operations. And the way we look at it is the overall sharing of benefit in the government and the project. And so that's very important. We have been engaged in discussions about a new stability agreement. Those that have not been concluded, and they've -- we expect that those will continue with the new administration. And how that proceeds is -- has some uncertainties now because we'll have to see what the new administration's view is and position is in negotiating agreements, as well as what their position is going to be in the overall tax and royalty structure for our operations that are not subject to stability agreements. There had been some very encouraging public comments that Humala has made that they're going to be supportive of development, including consideration of stability agreements. But we're in a position right now where this is unfolding, and we'll have to monitor where this goes as we have these future discussions. Humala said they will honor past stability agreements. And overall, Peru, we want to maintain its competitiveness as companies consider where to invest and it's got resources that needs mining development to continue its progress for alleviating poverty and adding to the economic well-being of the country.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we're already now benefiting from this debottlenecking project that we did. And that our current level of production capacity is where we're going to be until we invest in the next expansion.
Richard C. Adkerson: Listen, those are independent. I mean, those are totally independent, Oscar. Where I thought you were going with the North American situation is another business issue we haven't talked about on this call. But with the potential expansions that we have of sulfide projects in North America, we have an issue about smelter capacity here. Unfortunately, there were 2 great smelters in Southwest U.S. that were dismantled during the downturn of the late 90s, early 2000s. And we're going to be running up against smelter capacity as we look at all these opportunities in North America. We may have to ship concentrates internationally. But that's one set of issues, and we will deal with that in the context of our opportunities here in North America. With Grasberg, that will be looked at independently. And the issue about whether to extend the open pit or go underground is going to be an economic analysis that we'll say, is it more economic to extend the pit, which would involve having to move more waste to get down to the pit versus beginning to ramp up underground to get that ramp up started and take advantage of that over the long term. Full capacity cost underground, as I mentioned earlier, are at least consistent with open pit mining and at levels of input costs and other costs could well be lower on a unit basis in open pit mining. And so where our current indications are is that we'll complete mining in the pit in 2016. We'll have the underground infrastructure completed. We can't start caving until we're out of the pit. We're going to be prepared to start caving at that point, and we'll continue to analyze the economics of whether to extend the life of the pit for some period of time afterwards. But at the present time, our plans are to begin caving at that time period. Now I'm going to say something that you've all heard me say many times over the years, we don't focus on a single price. We'll do this on a scenario of prices, and that depends on circumstances and outlook at any point in time. So we'll evaluate what opportunities higher prices gives us, and we'll look over our shoulders and say, "How will we manage it if the world changes and we have to deal with low prices?" So it's not a -- we're not smart enough to pick a single price to drive these decisions off of.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay, Oscar. Thank you for your questions. And we appreciate everybody's interest in questions. We're available for follow up. So if you have further needs for information after reviewing the data, David Joint is available to coordinate the calls. We look forward to talking with you as we progress through 2011. And again, thank you for participating today.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Oscar, during 2012, for most of 2012, we'll be in permitting. We don't expect to see the CapEx ramp up really coming towards 2013 and 2014. So for the next 18 months or so, we'll likely spend in the $300 million range for start engineering and permitting costs. So 2013, we're looking at ramping up. So the capital -- the rest of the capital will be split between 2013, '14 and '15.
Kathleen L. Quirk: You're about right as the base price, but $3.40 is our cost including the freight cost, is what we've got assumed. But we're using current prices for diesel in these numbers.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Yes. No, that's really the difference. We've got the ramp-up of Miami to 100 million pounds and then the details of our respective ramp up at Chino are included in the release. But we've also got a slide that you should look at alongside of that in the reference materials on Slide 30 that shows the variations in Grasberg production as well. So it's a combination of changes at Grasberg and also this ramp up in North America.
Kathleen L. Quirk: A large portion of that was an adjustment to an environmental reserve. So the largest portion of that $40 million-plus was the -- was an adjustment to an environmental reserve, which is a nonrecurring item. The balance of it relates to ongoing shutdown costs that we have. But that's a line item -- a new line item we have in the income statement, where we're separately stating what the cost of, of the historic obligations including changes in the reserves that we have on our books.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Brian, they will initially, as we go out, we would have had a higher cost anyway as we get to lower grades. But initially, we'll have similar cost structure than what we have in the current operations. And longer term, the cost will be in the $1, $1.50 range.
James R. Moffett: I think that you've covered it. And John, you sort of answered your own question. The fact is, if you're going to develop these properties, as prices go up, if you grow these ores, it becomes more important and that's why people came up with the lease process to begin with. And probably, put pressure on prices, people went to the leech pad and got very innovative. And if you're talking about cost and prices, I mean, when you lived through the era that we did of $1 copper and that's using $1.05, $1.06 copper as long-term prices, but we're in a new stratosphere with this $4.40 copper -- $4.20 copper. And then when you look at gold prices, gold prices, I can remember gold was selling at $250 an ounce. So you look at gold going over $1,600 an ounce. So then the number of people that are trying to get independence now, they're going to overspend because they tried to do things with staffs that don't have the experience that we have here at Freeport. But the answer is that's what this whole management resources business is about. It's being able to judge which ore bodies can be developed and which ones can be done without getting in and spending so much money if prices drop and you find yourselves operating at a loss.
James R. Moffett: This is Jim Bob. Let me comment about the smelter situation. Back when we did the smelter in Indonesia, we were able to match up with the fertilizer plant that was in -- that they had in Surabaya. If you don't have a fertilizer plant, I'll tell you that you can give me and I'll take that sulfur. It can have a huge impact on your feasibility. So -- and people are throwing away around the -- they're trying to build more smelters. It's a lot more complicated than people would realize. The smelters -- there are smelters around the world today, and they are operating at a loss. They didn't have government subsidy. So it's -- hopefully, when people get around the table and start understanding what it takes to justify economics in the smelter, it's a lot more complicated when they go into these conversation with -- they're saying it's not something these bunch of people would sit down and do overnight.
James R. Moffett: This is Jim Bob again. When you talk about underground and open pit, you have to remember what the terrain factors are. People have missed the point that in the Grasberg, for instance, the open pit, you have all these trucks and you have fog, and you got rainfall. You don't have any fog in the underground. They don't have trucks in the underground because as Richard just said, you're not mining waste, you're just dropping the ore with this block cave down. So there's a lot of factors to be considered. But let me emphasize it again, for those of you who haven't been in the Grasberg, you're not going to see that open pit operating with the big trucks moving around that rain and fog, moving all that waste. It won't take you long to figure out that you might want to be underground.
