Richard Adkerson: Thank you, David and thank you all for joining us today. Well, we've seen quite a couple of months of volatility in the markets. I was on CNBC right when copper hit $5 for the first time ever, and I had big smiles on my face. Now, the reality of the copper markets have shown up and I just want to say a couple of comments about it. Many of you have heard me say for a long time that copper move from a cyclical metal that it had been in years past to one that's been driven more by episodic events. In China, its demand had been growing recently and has set records even in the face of poor performance in certain sectors, most notably the property segment. Recently, demand has been softening in other sectors. Credit markets in China have been soft, the high prices led to destocking. There's been a very tight concentrate market, which persists, TCs and RCs are record low levels and that's brought a lot of scrap to the marketplace. The government incentivized scrap for a period of time. And as a result, was a destocking, the softening demand, global inventories have risen, and that has triggered macro trading in commodities, particularly after the disappointment that the Third Plenum didn't result in a clear statement of incentivizing the economy in China. This simply won't last. There's limits to destocking, China will respond to its economy, there's underlying strength there, and we're very confident that this will improve over time. In fact, they've taken the first step with the recent interest rate cut. Underlying all of this is really the fundamentals of the global copper marketplace. The world is getting more and more electrified with connectivity, with dealing with carbon emissions, challenges there, but that's the fact that the world has to deal with A1 and Jeff Currie, recently talked about the importance of increased defense spending and that creates another element of demand. Supply changes, supply challenges continue and in certain cases are growing. And so as we look forward, our strategy is based on a fundamentally positive outlook about long-term copper demand and the reality of developing new supplies to meet that demand. It was really something to see, copper at $5. And I'll tell you, we're going to see it again. I want to make one quick comment to recognize our team for the great work we've done in reaching the commissioning of our new smelter in Indonesia. This was a major project, the world's largest single-line smelter. Construction is essentially complete. We posted a new video on our website last evening. I encourage you all to watch it just to see the size and scale of this new world-class facility. It's really something to visit it and seeing just the extent of the facility. This was a key commitment we made to the government of Indonesia in 2018, when we resolved to reach a global resolution of the issues that had been under discussion for so many years, it's a strategic importance for our business interest in Indonesia for the long-term by becoming a fully-integrated producer there with our mining operations, PT-FI will now be able to apply for extension of its operations for the long-term, which will really enhance the benefits of all stakeholders; the government, the people of Papua, our employees, Freeport and all shareholders and our partner, MIND ID, a state-owned company. Project has been in works for several years in a world that was challenged during this period of time by COVID and inflationary factors that have been evident in so many projects around our copper industry, it's really accomplishment by our team to bring this in on time and with reasonable budget spending on it. It's quite a facility. Take a look at the video. We are looking forward to getting our extension and then developing our plans to maximize the value of this resource over its life and not have any time limit of 2041 facing it. So we're really encouraged by -- and again, our team just did a tremendous job there. Kathleen, I'll turn it over to you.
Richard Adkerson: And Kathleen, let me just add that this is different from what we had to face in the past. We're not debating on this. It's in everyone's best interest there's widespread acceptance for it. And there's a clear understanding now that shareholder -- all stakeholders benefit from us looking how to maximize the value of this resource. So it's -- for those of you who follow us in the past, this is a different process, and it's very positive.
Richard Adkerson: Years of commitment to doing what Kathleen just said of doing the right thing, building relationships have led us in the US to have uniform support from communities, from native American groups, from state governments and regulators. The same goes true in Peru for our Cerro Verde project in the Arequipa region where Peru can be very challenging. It's got very challenging politics right now, but we benefit from work we've done to support the community and that's very helpful. And then in Chile, we're – our 49% partner at El Abra is CODELCO, and they are very anxious for us to move forward and very supportive. We developed a relationship with [indiscernible] will be on a panel with him at APAC and Peru this fall. And the tone has significantly changed from his initial election period where he's met the realities of the need for Chile to help support the mining sector. This is always such a big important part of our business, as you can see around the world. We learned a lot of lessons early on with the development of Grasberg and the need to have good relationships with indigenous people there as well as with central government. So, I'm proud of what our team has done, and we're just committed to finding common ground and doing things in the right way.
Richard Adkerson: And Brian, that transaction occurs after 2041. It's not like the Rio deal where the transaction occurred in the mid-90s, and it was just a question of how it was applied. So if for whatever reason it doesn't occur, then our interest will stay the same. It's anticipated the government would act to acquire that 10%, and that would be the agreement on the cost reimbursement, we get triggered when that transaction occurs.
Kathleen Quirk: Alan, we are really focused on productivity in North America. This is a big priority of our management team. During the second quarter, we made really good progress. We've got a series of metrics we're following that will drive the production higher. The one area that we're working on is we're continuing to have some unplanned maintenance, some disruptions caused by that. And really the asset health and reliability programs that we're putting in place and continue to build on, which has been a hallmark of our US operations are important to make sure that we meet our production targets. So I think we feel we're turning the corner. We've got very, very sharp focus on these things. The leach production is helping us to offset these impacts of low ore grades, and as I mentioned before, that's really going to help us bring down the average cost of our US production as we scale this further. But we've got to get these productivity objectives met. We're making progress on it. We had some issues in the quarter with some downtime in our mill and also some of our crush and convey facilities, but we're making progress to make sure our equipment is reliable and we don't have unplanned outages. And that's something we're really focused on as we go forward.
Kathleen Quirk: Right. The -- we basically got our current rate that we're sustaining on the 200 million pounds per annum into our forecast. And so to the extent that we build on that scale and have a high confidence that we will, that is -- that provides some upside to our numbers. And what also provides upside is these productivity initiatives that I mentioned coming into play. So we know what to focus on. We've got teams working on it, and we're going to get there. But this leach thing will really help with the unit costs.
Kathleen Quirk: Yeah. So the incremental cost per pound for the leach initiatives or under $1 per pound incrementally. And the reason why they're lower is because the -- essentially, the mining cost has already been incurred. So this is ore that is in stockpiles where we're essentially recovering more metal than what our prior plans suggested we could do. And so we're identifying places within the stockpile where the rock has not gotten the benefit of this catalyst solution. And we've been able to identify these areas through our censoring and data analytics. And so now we're working on operational tactics to go after it. And so essentially, you don't have the mining cost because you've already incurred that. So this is all just incremental. And so that -- to the extent it scales, that has the benefit of bringing down the average unit cost in the US. And so it's something we're really, really focused on because it will change the competitive position of these US operations, principally our Morenci mine, which has most this potential. So we're really excited about it. We've got new technologies. We're bringing in some expertise from other industries, adjacent industries. It's helping us. We've got the agricultural industry that we've been taking the page from. We've got oil and gas industry, services industry that's helping us with some of these drilling techniques where we're drilling basically putting the solution. Usually, it's irrigated through, but over time, there's blockages, so we're now able to directly drill and put solution down into areas that aren't getting the benefit of the solution. And that's giving us a boost. We also call this other initiative, Leach Everywhere, and that's what I was referring to, where we're accessing areas that we couldn't get to before, and we're now able to get to them with drone technology helicopters where we can go places where humans couldn't go to lay these irrigation lines. So there's a lot happening here, a lot of excitement. We've got really major new mine potential here without big capital intensity and low incremental operating costs. So we're all over this one, Carlos. And -- but it does help us in terms of the incremental operating cost position of the US operations, the more we scale it.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, the regulation was issued. We were waiting for a while the regulation to be finalized. And the regulation was issued in -- at the end of May. So that's a really positive development. And the catalyst really to put us in a position to be qualified as an integrated producer, which you have to be under this regulation to apply for a life of mine extension was the smelter. And so moving the smelter into commissioning and to the operational phase as we move into the next few months, really positions us to be able to apply. None of the conditions that are outlined in the regulation were surprises to us. It was in line with what we've been talking about with the government for some time now. We've got to actually put together the application package, which we're doing and we can apply now at any time. So we expect to apply to the license, there's not any guidelines for how long the government has to respond to that application. But the discussions we've had previously have been that the government wants to move forward with this quickly because they understand the long lead times, and they want to really see us get started on defining new resources and mine plans that allow us to have a continuity beyond 2041. So our objective is to get this done during 2024. I think that is really doable. And whether or not it's within this administration, the current administration is in place through October. I think there's large spread positive reaction to the smelter and to PT-FI being an integrated producer and to continuing the long-term benefits. And so whether it's this administration or the next, I think there's positive momentum for PT-FI to get this done during 2024.
Kathleen Quirk: Liam, in terms of your first question, it is a very large complex project and smelter startups there aren't a lot of them on the scale in the Western world in recent years. And so we've recognized that for some time and have been planning for this over an extensive period of time. We've brought together the expertise that Freeport has around the world in operating smelters. We operate a smelter in the US, in Arizona. We have efficient smelter in Huelva, Spain, that we've operated for some time. We also have an existing smelter in Indonesia that we're in partnership with a Japanese partner there that has been very successful. So we've brought to bear all of the expertise in not only looking at construction, and we've had a team, a dedicated team on the construction side who have just done a great job. But on an operational side, we've been standing up this team for some time to be able to run the smelter and training people, we've had – we've already got the people employed. We've brought in expertise from around the world to lead startup. And so we've planned for it. And your point is well understood by the company. We feel we're well-prepared for it, with any start-up you're going to have issues. We recognize that. But every time we've thrown issues and challenges at this team through the construction period and into the commissioning period, we've been able to overcome them. I hope you have a chance, if you haven't already, to look at the video showing really where this – where the smelter is in terms of operational readiness, and we're showing all the various facilities as part of it. So we've planned for it. We understand it's going to be a different way of marketing our product. In the past, in Indonesia, we've loaded concentrate on a ship and pay the TC/RC and collected our revenue, and that was pretty simple. Now it's got a more a more complex logistics situation, and we've got a number of products we'll be marketing. But the team has been working on this, and we've got expertise in operating smelters and marketing various products. And so we're well situated for it. In terms of the reporting, it will be reported. It's integrated into PT-FI. It will be reported as part of PT-FI's results, you'll be able to see its operating costs through the TC and RC line on our unit cost. But above that line in the revenue line, of course, we're going to be able to generate higher revenues because we're marketing directly. We have the -- essentially the free metal that will come through to our benefit. We don't have to pay a smelter, the payable factors, et cetera. So, it will be a piece of revenues and a piece of operating costs, but we'll provide disclosures to help you through that. We won't have the duties any longer. And so that's a sizable benefit as well. for our results. But just in terms of the operations and readiness, I'm going to ask Cory Stevens make a couple of comments. Cory is -- he Heads up our Engineering Group, our Project Construction Group, our group that deals with operational efficiencies. So, he's got a big portfolio, not only leading the smelter project, but also the leach innovation initiative. But Cory is just back from Indonesia and maybe, Cory, you can just supplement what I was talking about in terms of the readiness for operations.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. And I just want to emphasize one thing at Freeport, when we do a major project, we benefit from having a centralized team that supports operating teams. And so unlike some other companies that don't have this kind of infrastructure that can really help manage the construction period and transition to operations, we really can bring together the best of the best when it comes to executing a start-up. And I'm not sugarcoating, we're going to have things that come up, we know that, but we really have the right people that -- in place to have a safe and efficient start-up. We expect in August that we'll get first processing of concentrate through the facility. And as Cory said, the ramp up we expect to move pretty quickly to go through the end of 2025 -- I mean 2024, we're also -- we got a precious metal refinery that will be starting up in the same timeframe. in the revenue line, of course, we're going to be able to generate higher revenues because we're marketing directly. We have the -- essentially the free metal that will come through to our benefit. We don't have to pay a smelter, the payable factors, et cetera. So, it will be a piece of revenues and a piece of operating costs, but we'll provide disclosures to help you through that. We won't have the duties any longer. And so that's a sizable benefit as well. for our results. But just in terms of the operations and readiness, I'm going to ask Cory Stevens make a couple of comments. Cory is -- he Heads up our Engineering Group, our Project Construction Group, our group that deals with operational efficiencies. So, he's got a big portfolio, not only leading the smelter project, but also the leach innovation initiative. But Cory is just back from Indonesia and maybe, Cory, you can just supplement what I was talking about in terms of the readiness for operations.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. And I just want to emphasize one thing at Freeport, when we do a major project, we benefit from having a centralized team that supports operating teams. And so unlike some other companies that don't have this kind of infrastructure that can really help manage the construction period and transition to operations, we really can bring together the best of the best when it comes to executing a start-up. And I'm not sugarcoating, we're going to have things that come up, we know that, but we really have the right people that -- in place to have a safe and efficient start-up. We expect in August that we'll get first processing of concentrate through the facility. And as Cory said, the ramp up we expect to move pretty quickly to go through the end of 2025 -- I mean 2024, we're also -- we got a precious metal refinery that will be starting up in the same time frame. So a lot has gone into this project, a lot of planning. And it's been executed well, and we expect that we'll continue to execute it well through the ramp-up.
Kathleen Quirk: That's something that would be approved by the by the Minister of Energy & Minerals. We've been talking with the government. We do have plans to conduct exploration and we're doing some of that now. In the future, we'll conduct additional exploration that will allow us to identify additional resources. And so that is -- it's really part of our plan for extension. In terms of the additional refining capacity, there's been discussion with the government. There is an aspiration to have additional capacity in Papua. Our current smelter is located in Gresik, and there's an aspiration to have additional capacity in Papua, and that continues to be discussed with the government. But there's not a -- the regulation doesn't have a specific number or level of investment. It really is a matter of looking at what's needed in country and the desire is to have it located in Papua, and we'll be working to evaluate that along with the government.
Kathleen Quirk: The 10%, offering a 10% interest to a state-owned company, and we're talking with MIND ID about their objective to acquire additional 10%. The discussions we've had to date with the government have involved offering that 10%, and this is coming from FCX's shares, offering that 10% at -- with a reimbursement of our capital costs incurred for the current period through 2041 to the extent that, that benefits the period beyond 2041. So it's essentially a book value concept. And the rationale for offering the 10% and the mechanism for valuing it has been that the government is granting PT-FI with the extension and it's a cost of the deal. And from our perspective, being able to extend beyond 2041, there's a lot of value there that if we don't move forward and make investments that we won't be able to accomplish. So we felt it in the spirit of the partnership we have with the government where it's a one-off alignment and a win-win that this was an appropriate to give us the optionality to have value significant value beyond 2041.
Kathleen Quirk: The financial policy is basically one where we distribute through dividends and share purchases, available cash, 50% of available cash. The smelter investments were not part of that math. So we're financing the separately. So the available cash definition is really just the flow and less the CapEx that's required for the current operation. It doesn't include the smelter. It doesn't include our future growth that we're investing in the discretionary projects that we've labeled earlier. So that will be a function of what our cash flows are. We certainly want to continue buying back stock, but it will be a function of what ultimate cash flows, and we'll continue to follow that policy.
Kathleen Quirk: Just as a reminder, we're moving past the hour here, and I know people have been asking more than one question, so please limit to one and we'll get back to you with follow-ups.
Kathleen Quirk: I think in South America, there's a strong desire to see more investment certainly Peru and Chile, both, want to see more investment in mining is such a big part of their economy. So they are very, very interested. Now you've got to make sure you've got the community and social matters done in the right way, but there is a strong desire for those to make investments. Chile is going through a process now of looking at its permitting and trying to streamline permitting. We talked about El Abra project going through a long permitting process, and we're hopeful that this process that the government is now undertaking will allow a streamlining of permits. But I think both countries want to see more investment in mining. The US as well, you've seen that in recent times with the US prioritizing metals that are critical to the supply chain. And so I think the environment for -- in these countries for making investments is more positive than it has been in the past. But again, I want to emphasize the social aspect of this and the community aspect. It doesn't mean that, that lowers the bar and what our responsibilities are to sustainability into communities and environmental management and social good. So you've got to tick all the boxes, but there is a growing recognition of a need for these metals, and copper is one of the leads for that. So we are in a good position. We're in a particularly good position in the US with our current operations where – what we're talking about doing is building on existing operations. And so the permitting requirements are not as extensive for types of projects we're pursuing as they would be for a greenfield project or project in Chile, for example. And US is also talking about streamlining, permitting and regulatory. So we're in a good position, the Lone Star, Safford opportunity that I talked about earlier is one that even though our studies are a little behind where we are in Chile with El Abra, that project will catch up pretty quickly because we don't have the extensive permitting requirements to do that project that we have in Chile. So we're very focused on getting that project defined, so we can look at them together and see, which one is -- drives the most value for our business and shareholders. And so we really have an advantage in the US with the existing operations and leveraging our current position. Of course, the leaching doesn't require new permits. So we're in a good position to bring on projects more quickly than maybe others could.
Kathleen Quirk: Lawson, you're right. It's like our other projects, long-term development, Grasberg underground blockade, the capital is spent over a multiyear period. And we do, in our projections, show that we'll start ramping up spending in Kucing Liar as we go forward. The average of $400 million a year over a 10-year period was -- we're spending a little bit lower than that, and that will begin to ramp up and we'll have some years where it's higher than $400 million. And there may be additional development in that $4 billion that will occur after we start. So, -- but we are expecting a start-up KL towards the end of this decade in advance of 2030. And it is a very large scale, 90,000 tons a day of ore, significant copper and gold production from that deposit. A real benefit of this extension beyond 2041, is the resource is much larger than what we'll mine between late 20s, late 2020s and in 2041. So, we'll have -- we did the economics and the economics paid at just the life that ends in 2041. But there's a lot of resource beyond that, that will come in the fold with an extension. So, it's a great extension of Grasberg. It's in that district. We're leveraging everything that we've learned from developing the Grasberg Block Cave and Deep MLZ, and prior to that, our other ore bodies, but it's basically the same kind of development that we've had in the past, and we're using all the new learnings and technologies that have benefited us in the development of Grasberg Block Cave. So, we're in a good place there and feel good about our execution of this project over the next several years, leading into 2030, where we'll have good production coming from this operation.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. Well, as part of the application to the government for the extension, we will submit an agreement to make the transaction. And that agreement is currently being discussed with MIND ID. The -- what's been discussed over the last couple of years with respect to this, or the last year plus, is the way it will work is the 10% share transfer will take place in 2041. And the price paid at that point will be a reimbursement of the capital that was incurred between now and 2041 that benefits the period beyond 2021. So to the extent, it's not like the Rio Tinto deal at all. It's basically just a reimbursement at book value of what's there to benefit the period beyond 2041. So essentially, look at the at the book value end of 2041 and that pro rata percentage, 10% of our shares will be transferred and that will be the purchase price will be the reimbursement of capital. So the cash flows between now and 2041 won't be impacted by it.
Kathleen Quirk: The current run rate is what's in our numbers. We do see opportunities to build on it through these initiatives that we're pursuing to move up to this 300 million to 400 million pound per annum range. And so it will come over time. It's not going to come in all at once. And so as we go through this year and next year, we'll probably have more than what we've currently got in our plans. But we haven't put forward. We're still deploying these tactics, we feel very confident about them, but we haven't put those into our numbers at this stage, and that will be something that we'll continue to update as we go forward.
Kathleen Quirk: Thank you, Regina, and thank you, everyone, for your interest and participation. And if you have any follow-ups, feel free to contact David.
Cory Stevens: Yes. Thanks Kathleen. Yes. So, the commissioning work is well underway. It's a number of giant unit processes and the teams are collaborating between operations and Kathleen mentioned it, but we've got a large contingent of operating folks from around the world, we're calling boots on the ground, and they're all out there together working side-by-side to commission this large project. I mean, it's pretty -- it's immense. And just to give you an idea, I mean, there's 45,000 pieces of instrumentation and computer connections that we're verifying and double checking and running the equipment through the operating ranges to be able to start up. And the ramp-up plan, when we go to start this up, I mean the plant wasn't designed to run very slow. So, you end up having to run it at essentially 50% capacity or a little bit better than that right from the start. And so there's a lot of checks and safety checks going on right now to be able operate at that level and then double check the procedures so forth and then we'll be able to ramp up from there. So, team's energized, it's well choreographed and has been planned for years, and we're ready to make it happen.
Cory Stevens: Yes. Thanks Kathleen. Yes. So, the commissioning work is well underway. It's a number of giant unit processes and the teams are collaborating between operations and Kathleen mentioned it, but we've got a large contingent of operating folks from around the world, we're calling boots on the ground, and they're all out there together working side-by-side to commission this large project. I mean, it's pretty -- it's immense. And just to give you an idea, I mean, there's 45,000 pieces of instrumentation and computer connections that we're verifying and double checking and running the equipment through the operating ranges to be able to start up. And the ramp-up plan, when we go to start this up, I mean the plant wasn't designed to run very slow. So, you end up having to run it at essentially 50% capacity or a little bit better than that right from the start. And so there's a lot of checks and safety checks going on right now to be able operate at that level and then double check the procedures so forth and then we'll be able to ramp up from there. So, team's energized, it's well choreographed and has been planned for years, and we're ready to make it happen.
Cory Stevens: Yes. So we're taking extra precautions on the second stage of the smelting furnace, the flash converting furnace, there's only six of these running in the world. It's fairly specialized and we're taking extra precautions there. That is at the heart of what's going to enable the smelter to operate at the levels that we want to.
