Kathleen Quirk: Thank you, and good morning, and welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan second quarter conference call. FCX released results earlier this morning, and a copy of today’s press release and slides are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet, and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today’s call, and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today.  Before we begin our comments, we’d like to remind everyone that today’s press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. I’d like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our SEC filings. On the call with me today Richard Adkerson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Johnson, our Chief Operating Officer for Indonesia; Josh Olmsted, our Chief Operating Officer for the Americas; Mike Kendrick, who leads our molybdenum business; Rick Coleman, who leads our construction and growth projects; and Steve Higgins, our Chief Administrative Officer. I’ll start by briefly summarizing our financial results, and then we’ll turn the call over to Richard who’ll review our outlook and the slide presentation materials that have been provided to you. As usual after our remarks we’ll open up the call for questions. Today, FCX reported second quarter 2021 net income attributable to common stock of $1.08 billion, or $0.73 per share. That included net charges totaling $56 million or $0.04 per share, detailed on page Roman numeral seven of our press release. Adjusted net income attributable to common stock totaled $1.14 billion or $0.77 per share. Our adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter of 2021 totaled $2.7 billion. And you can find a reconciliation of our EBITDA calculations on Page 35 of our slide deck materials. We had a strong second quarter, our copper sales of 929 million pounds, and gold sales of 305,000 ounces were significantly above the year ago quarter. But our sales were approximately 5% lower for copper and 8% lower for gold relative to our recent estimates, primarily reflecting the timing of shipments from Indonesia. Our annual guidance is consistent with our prior estimates. Our results in the second quarter benefited from strong pricing. Our second quarter average realized copper price of $4.34 a pound was 70% higher than a year ago quarterly average. Our net unit cash costs of $1.48 per pound of copper on average in the second quarter, with slightly above our estimate going into the quarter of $1.42 per pound, but that primarily related to nonrecurring charges associated with a new four-year labor agreement at Cerro Verde. Operating cash flow generation was extremely strong, totaling $2.4 billion during the quarter. That included $0.5 billion of working capital sources. And our operating cash flows significantly exceeded our capital expenditures of $433 million during the quarter. Our consolidated debt totaled $9.7 billion at the end of June, and our consolidated cash and cash equivalents totaled $6.3 billion at the end of June. Net debt was $3.4 billion at the end of the quarter and we achieved our targeted net debt level several months ahead of our schedule. I’d now like to turn the call over to Richard and we’ll be reviewing the slide materials that have been provided. Go ahead, Richard.
Kathleen Quirk: Thanks, Emily. We’ve just reached the debt – net debt target at the end of June and so going forward, we would have up to 50% of the cash flows available as we generate them to consider additional payouts to shareholders. Our board will be reviewing this and we do expect that we will be following the policy that will be paying out up to 50% of the excess cash flow. We have not made any conclusions on whether it will be additional dividend payouts or share buybacks. And that’ll be something that will be considered at the time, but the commitment is there to pay strong cash returns to shareholders with our free cash flow. And we expect over the next several months to continue to generate free cash flow. And that’ll continue into next year and beyond.
Kathleen Quirk: And that’s the average for the fourth quarter Emily, so we’ll – we expect to hit the run rates in the fourth quarter.
Kathleen Quirk: On the capital, we shifted a $100 million of capital from 2021 to 2022. And that really was a timing matter we haven’t been spending as quickly as what was originally budget and budgeted. So, we’ve just – $100 million is related to the timing. We’ve also brought forward some capital that was in our plans in the future, dealing with constructing new leach pads at Lone Star. And then we also – the only new thing that we’ve added in 2022 is this project that we talked about with respect to increasing mill recoveries at Grasberg and that I’ll be spent over a multi-year period. It’s roughly $400 million in total, but we’ve got $100 million scheduled in 2022. Ultimately, that will add volumes. We expect, on the order of 50 million pounds of copper and 50,000 ounces of gold and it’s a very attractive and short payout project. So that’s a positive and that’ll be used as one of the projects, just one of many, hopefully that will be used with our other 50% of cash flows. There really weren’t – on the second question there really weren’t any material changes with respect to the Deep MLZ and Grasberg, Block Cave. We update the plans every quarter. And there were really only minor changes between the two and really that the long-term plan for Grasberg and Deep MLZ is consistent with the previous forecasts and Mark, I don’t know if you want to add anything there. But it’s – we certainly very much in line with our previous forecasts.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes, I think it’s the ladder Chris. The Grasberg mill project wouldn’t come in terms of the recoveries until 2024. And it’s, within the rounding, but I do believe we have some upside. As we look forward, I do believe we have some upside on a consolidated basis from these initiatives. That potentially could come in to 2022 and 2023.
Kathleen Quirk: No, not really, we had some maintenance that we were doing on the ship loaders, which impacted us earlier in the quarter. And then we got hit by weather at the end of the quarter. So that’s, that was really, what was it wasn’t really COVID related.
Kathleen Quirk: That is embedded. We’ve continued that project. We internalized it. We were doing some external work and we to cut back on capital and operating we externalized – internalized it and that agile work way and using artificial intelligence is embedded in now in everything that we do. So that is in our plans, I’d say the one area where it’s not is at Cerro Verde, because we have not been able to get the mill, we’re running roughly 95% of the pre-pandemic levels. We had plans prior to that to move well above 400,000 tons a day. And so I think with the pandemic passing, at some point, we will be able to go back to those initiatives at Cerro Verde and those are not in our plans. But in the year end they are.
Kathleen Quirk: That’s correct. Yes. The debt service would affect our dividend to the extent of 49% of the debt service. But that’s all said with a duty phase out. So really, the dividends to FCX are not expected to be impacted.
Kathleen Quirk: Our U.S. assets more valuable to your second point, we’re not planning to go outside of our geographic footprint. We have opportunities in the U.S. and elsewhere.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, with Lone Star where we’re working this incrementally. We’ve already been running this higher than the design rate, and we’ve got plans and studies looking at is there a further increment and those will be sorted out in the next several months. With respect to Bagdad, that is a major project and we’re advancing our engineer – our studies, feasibility studies, we’re looking at all facets of water and tailings. And as I said, I’m hopeful that we will be in a position to be able to qualify that project next year. We don’t have the final capital expenditure estimates we’ve been working to try to find mill setups that would be lower capital intensity than a traditional mill, but that work is still underway.
Kathleen Quirk: No. We do have some higher costs baked into our numbers with respect to the items we talked about earlier, principally energy and – more than offsetting the impact for these higher gold and molybdenum prices, but these are order of magnitude rounded numbers it should be slightly above these numbers, but we just continued with the order of magnitude that we previously presented. But we are including some cost inflation in our revised forecast.
Kathleen Quirk: There is contingency in our estimate. It is not a fixed price contract for all the reasons that you just mentioned. We want to be able to help manage the costs and didn’t want to have a lot of risks baked into the capital that may or may not occur. So, we felt this was the right structure, there’s risk sharing within the contract. The government understands the situation in terms of COVID, we were delayed over the last 12, 15 months associated with the project. And the current situation is something we’re also monitoring very closely. But we’re keeping the government informed regularly about the timeline. And our commitment is to – with Chiyoda is to get this done as timely as possible, but recognizing their certain things that will be outside of our control, like the current COVID situation.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, the scope is different. We had previously we were thinking of having two lines at the smelter for 2 million tons total and we reduced it to 1.7 tons, because of the expansion opportunity at PT Smelting. So the scope is a little different. And yes, there have been some changing cost factors you’ve seen all the – what those are in terms of where construction costs are currently. But we’ve done a good bit of value engineering over this period with Chiyoda, but all parties are committed to having an open book and making this the smelter as successful as possible and bringing it online as cost efficiently as possible. And so we were in the range of $3 billion, $2.5 billion, $3 billion before, but there’s been some pluses and minuses. And we’re slightly above that now.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. We worked with the government during the quarter, and this third party that the government engaged and we engaged to review our performance against the plan and the schedule and what was related to the pandemic. And they looks like the fine will be in the $16 million range, which we’ve fully accrued in the quarter we had previously accrued $13 million. And so it looks like that is behind us. We also with this provided a new schedule to the government of what the progress is expected to be. And so that is what will be measured against in the future. So, we’re not expecting this to be an ongoing matter and it’s – we’re pleased with the resolution of it.
Richard Adkerson: Kathleen, I want to put an explanation point on your – the comments you made about cost management. They were going focused on inflation around the world and the impact on mining companies and as Kathleen said we’ve had higher energy costs, our grinding material costs. But Josh Olmstead and our America’s team has just done a great job in helping offset that Mike Kendrick in running our molybdenum business, which is a primary production business and a byproduct business. And with higher molybdenum prices is offsetting some of these cost increases, we’ve got a high gold price would help us Danny Hughes is leading our supply chain group. So a combination of all these things is helping us as a company to really mitigate much of these increases in cost, working with logistics. So, I just wanted to make a note of that because I think it’s important giving – given all of our concerns about, where inflation is leading us. So, let’s do turn over to questions. Thank you.
Richard Adkerson: We’re just under 80% right now, in terms of metal production targets. That’s well ahead of schedule. We’ll be at 100% by the end of this year.
Richard Adkerson: Dave, good to hear your voice, let me just say, the higher capital spending is a positive. We’ve come out of a period of time with capital constraints. Now, we’re spending capital, not huge incremental amounts some of its timing, but to create new values. And the Deep MLZ is a huge success story, because we’ve successfully met, manage the size of necessity issues that we encountered earlier. So in Mark’s point, the key to our future success is these mine rates, we need to build a mine rates up. And we’re successfully doing that. And we’re dealing with this constraint at the mill by building SAG3 and making other investments. But the key to our future success was meeting our mine rate targets. And that’s been a key for 15, 20 years. And for us to be able to achieve that is just something that we all feel so good about, and congratulating our team for doing that over the years.
Richard Adkerson: Chris, let me say, this is the complicated business, I mean, we get to these numbers, and we look and see how that they look. But underneath that, they’re always unexpected things that jump up, and in terms of, there’s new challenge in measuring grade, these column heights in the underground development a large and so being able, we had higher grades, first quarter, slightly lower grades a second, that’s just going to be a feature of what we have to deal with. So, there are just a lot of moving parts. Our team around the world keeps finding ways to incrementally improve things, those will unfold into our numbers over time, and there’ll be a lot of moving parts. Shipping, for those of you who follows for a long period of time knows that, that’s always a timing issue, that Grasberg afford there’s a very shallow point of, a shallow sea there. We have a relatively complicated historical loading operation there. We have to lighter concentrates out to ships and in weather, shipping schedules, logistic issues will always have a timing impact. I just come back again. The real key to us is mine rates, mining rates incrementally improve things and that’s just an ongoing process that we think.
Richard Adkerson: We early of action to I mean, this is just an example. It wasn’t major, but it has an impact. We have concentrated pipelines to go from the highlands down to the port, with a schedule plan, maintenance of some things happening, we had to advance this plan, that plan maintenance. So nothing unusual. This is typical of our operations there, since then, started ramping up the Grasberg in the 1990s. And so it’ll be part of the things we’ll have to deal with in the future. It just not the focus of our success, focus for success with this mine rate, ramp-up.
Richard Adkerson: So Alex, and thanks for the question. It’s, I want to make clear if there’s not one technology, in play here, there’s a series of efforts by different parties to develop different technologies. We have our own R&D work going on. And we’re looking across the board and how this might apply to us. I think we are specially situated to take advantage of it because we have these large number and size of pass reaching operation, some of which are now totally inactive, that we can look to apply these to, so we have a special opportunity in industry. Others have some, but we have a special opportunity to look at this in two ways. One of it is to use the leaching technology and by the way, we’re supplementing that with this artificial intelligence, data analytics opportunity to measure the impact of all this, but to apply this to inactive and existing leaching, leach pads, that we have a large abundance for us. So that’s one thing. And then aspirationally it might provide a way to recover material from mining operations that would otherwise have to be recovered through mill investments. And it could be looking ahead an opportunity to minimize capital by recovering low grade sulfide deposits that would otherwise have to be mined and milled. So it’s early stages, we don’t have complete answers. I just want to share with you how exciting it is. It’s an opportunity for us, opportunity for others the industry. This is not a shill all tight game changer for the fundamentals of copper supply [ph].
Richard Adkerson: Yes, I got Cory Stevens is leading this had a session with this new team that’s been formed. It’s a large, Freeport is a large number of people recall him and his guys are adding to this, and I just walked away from this is a new opportunity. You’ve heard me talk about years, for years about the outlook for the copper market being so positive. The assets that we have, the undeveloped reserves, the undeveloped resources we have. This is beyond that. This is not even it’s not reserves, of course, it’s not in our resources. So this is a brand new opportunity to be significant for Freeport, and nobody’s better situated than us to take advantage of it.
Richard Adkerson: This is not like building a concentrator to one time deal. It’s an ongoing deal, we’ll continue to add it, as Kathleen said, we’ve been limited to what we could do with Cerro Verde the world’s – with the world’s largest concentrating milling operations are and because of our focus on mine rate ramp-up. At Grasberg, we haven’t yet brought all those new tools and skills and opportunities, technology, the PT-FI and we’ll be doing that in the future. So this is not a one-time deal, but an ongoing part of our business going forward. And our team is really bought into it.
Richard Adkerson: Appreciation. This is all of the PT-FI though. You nailed it, Marcos [ph], in your analysis. I’m just pointing out that you’ve got the relief from the 5% export duty. You’ve got an operations where the depreciation and operating costs are tax deductible in the consolidated Indonesian tax return for PT-FI, which is substantial Indonesian taxpayers. The government gets almost 50% of the economics at PT-FI through taxes and royalties. Now, they have an equity ownership of 50%. So, 70% or more of the economics of Indonesia go to the government. FCX retains the interest is essentially all the interest we had going into these negotiations, which were years. I didn’t think we could do. But what a fabulous outcome for all parties we had in 2018.
Richard Adkerson: Excellent point. 40% of today’s copper supply comes from Chile and Peru, 40%. And now we have both countries going through the political process that looking to get more for the governments away from the miners. We don’t know how all this will turn out and it’s going to take time to know that. Just certified the new President in Peru, Chile’s got a long-term process looking at their constitution. We’ve already said, that the impact in Chile is causing us to delay a decision on a world-class expansion opportunity, we have in El Abra. Other miners are also going to be affected by this. We really don’t know what the outcome is. Bottom line, this is going to be supportive of future prices.
Richard Adkerson: Well, you look back over our shoulder, there have been other Presidents in Peru overtime that have gone into office with similar types of comments, and when they get into office and reality of the importance of the mining industry to support their economies, become self evident. We don’t know now. We’re working with the rest of the industry in Peru to present a case by the importance of copper mining to that country. But we will have to work our way through this. It is an uncertainty. We don’t have a significant growth opportunity in Peru, but we have a very substantial operation in Cerro Verde that significant in terms of our current and future levels of copper production. And so it wouldn’t be helpful, are instructed to try to play the outcome for all this. We do have a strong stabilization agreement, which is relatively new replaced an older one, and it’s stronger. But as we’ve always done will work with the industry will try to work cooperatively with the government communities to contribute to Indonesia’s efforts to relieve poverty, and that I mean, Peru’s efforts, really poverty in that country.
Richard Adkerson: It’s – it is a concerning of the level of Colorado River, which is one of the major sources of water for operations. But this is not a new problem. We’ve been doing with this consistently over the years. And we have taken steps, with communities with Native American groups, with a farming community to deal with it. So, we don’t see – we see this is an ongoing process that we will have to devote resources and management to we don’t see any kind of crisis emerging. But we’re going to work cooperatively with everybody to try to conserve water when we do a great job right now with our conservation, reuse of water, and let it’s going to be an ongoing management deal. All of that’s built into our current cost structure and we won’t anticipate major changes in that looking forward.
Richard Adkerson: All right. Well, thanks, everyone. It’s exciting times the best is yet to come. So hang on. Thank you.
