Kathleen Quirk: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan conference call, and happy 2023 to everyone. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter 2022 operating and financial results, and a copy of our press release and slides are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the internet, and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today’s call, and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we’d like to remind everyone that today’s press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. Like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our SEC filings. On the call today with me are Richard Adkerson, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Maree Robertson, our CFO; Mark Johnson, our Chief Operating Officer of Indonesia; Josh Olmsted, who is our Chief Operating Officer for the Americas; Mike Kendrick, who leads our molybdenum business; Cory Stevens, who heads our Engineering and Construction and overall Global Technical Services Group; Rick Coleman, who is actively involved in all of our construction projects; as well as Steve Higgins, our Chief Administrative Officer. So, we have a full complement of management team here today. And we’ll start -- Richard will make some opening remarks, and then he’ll turn it back to me and we’ll cover the slide materials, and then we’ll open up the call for your questions. Turn it to you, Richard.
Kathleen Quirk: Emily, on the leaching run rate, the 200 million pound target that we’ve laid out, those -- we believe that that can be attained just from these operational changes that we’re making. The heat retention, leaching in places that we weren’t leaching previously, directing the solutions to places where we can enhance recoveries really from data analytics that we’re getting that are helping us -- helping guide our operations every day. Those things we think we can get just operationally. The -- on top of that, this research and development that’s going on with respect to additives, that could scale it larger. So, this 200 million pounds that we’re talking about, we think that is really just bringing more of a light on our leach stockpiles and moving aggressively to -- over the last several years, the focus on the industry has been more on concentrating. And now we’re putting focus back on these leach initiatives, and we’ve identified some things. I wouldn’t say low-hanging fruit, but it’s achievable things that we’re doing, and we’re already starting to see results.
Kathleen Quirk: Richard, do you want me to take that? Orest, we’re not -- I mean, there’s pockets -- of course, in the residential markets there’s pockets of weakness, but there are -- we’re just continuing to see strong physical demand, we’re selling everything that we can produce. And there’s no ability for us to, at this point, produce more that customers are looking for. So, on balance, I’d say the physical market continues to be healthy, and we have -- most of our insights come from within the U.S. because we’re a very significant part of the U.S. marketplace. And -- so generally, the market is continuing to be strong, and we’re selling everything that we can produce. And if we could produce more, our customers would want it.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes, there was some changes between Grasberg Block Cave and Deep MLZ. And additionally, we’ve been getting higher gold recoveries than we had previously forecasted. And that’s helping us as well. So, those are the main differences.
Kathleen Quirk: I think you can look at -- I think you can look at the makeup of our costs. On that slide, we provide a makeup. And labor cost is something that’s kind of stays with you. Materials and supplies, a component of that is commodity driven and a component of its services driven. The energy, I think, is more variable and things like sulfuric acid is more variable. So, you can look at that pie chart and get a feel for which ones have the ability to change, and we provide some sensitivities on things like currencies and diesel costs.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. And so, we’ve got to go through a permitting process on that as well. So, it’s unlikely we’ll have any material spending on it until a few years out.
Kathleen Quirk: I was just going to say your question about the molybdenum situation. We do have excess milling capacity at our Climax mine. And we’ve been operating at below capacity in recent years because of market conditions, but we have started to do a stripping campaign there that will allow us to expand production from Climax. Over time, it doesn’t require a new concentrator or anything like that. So that’s our first one -- and the incremental costs are attractive. So, we are doing that. And as Richard said, we’ve got -- we got a lot of projects in the background. But these are the ones that are strategic and that we’re focused on. The leach technology is a near-term project. And Bagdad long term -- I mean, medium term and the Lone Star major expansion longer term. El Abra, we believe, will get done. It’s a project that it’s attractive and it will get done. It’s a question of when. So, we don’t have a good view yet on when that will go forward. But this investment in some infrastructure and water is going to give us some optionality to support an expansion. So, we’ve got all our people focused on these things and we have an enormous resource base like we were saying in the U.S. where we already have established operations and community support. So, we’re in a really good position as we look forward as to what this world is going to need in terms of new copper supply. None of this can go quickly as you well know.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. So, in the last several days, we’ve been operating -- we’ve been operating at around that 350,000 level. Prior to that, we were closer to 400,000. We’ve really been operating at 10%, 15% lower just to deal with supplies. And so, we’re watching that every day. And I’ll let Richard comment on the community situation. But in terms of operations, we’re continuing to operate, but we have limited our mill throughput just to deal with the limitations and the concerns about key supplies.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. Well, during COVID, we did have some impacts on our mining rates, and also suspended some milling operations at Morenci. And I’m speaking about the U.S. right now. And we started ramping back up in the U.S. during 2021, and that continued into 2022. And we have a situation where we currently have about something on the order of 1,300 job openings. And we’ve got typically 10,000 to 12,000 employees in the U.S. And so -- and we’ve seen a lot of turnover as well. And it’s just been a very competitive marketplace for labor, as you’ve read about it, in the U.S. And we don’t have that situation in Indonesia or in South America, but we do have competition in the U.S. with other sectors, and that’s continued into 2023 and what’s caused us to change our outlook somewhat. We could have in 2022, produced more, if we were fully staffed. And I believe that is the case again this year. And that’s why we’re making some progress on hires and we are conducting training and some of these workers that we’re hiring now are new to the industry, and so we do have to go through training, and the experience level is not what it was five years ago. So, we’re going through that process. I think it does have some implications to -- the ability to develop a mine in the U.S. is just the labor force. But we’ll see what happens. You’re starting to see some changes in payrolls and that sort of thing, and we’ll see how this unfolds. But it is a factor in our U.S. mining output.
Kathleen Quirk: This leaching initiative that we’re pursuing is not labor-intensive, because it’s already -- the material has already been mined. So, that’s a real opportunity for us to execute on.
Kathleen Quirk: We’ll also be looking at the -- how the constitutional process advances this year. And it appears the financial package is moving forward and they’re reaching some determination, looks as if that’s progressing. But we also want to look at how this constitutional process unfolds as well. And in the meantime, we’re maintaining our options by planning to move forward with the water infrastructure investments.
Richard Adkerson: Thanks, Emily. With leaching, we’re not constraining ourselves to conserve capital or anything else. We’re -- we believe this is such a great opportunity for us that we are pursuing it as aggressively as we can, and we are pursuing it on a number of different fronts, some using outside vendors, some doing things on our own, some in joint ventures with companies. It’s just such a great opportunity to add production at low capital cost and with low carbon. So, it’s not something we’re constraining. The other projects that we have, and Kathleen reviewed them, we have a series of major capital projects that are multiyear large capital requirements. And for those, we are working hard to prepare ourselves for them and doing work so that we can go forward. But we are going to wait until the uncertainties that we’ve been facing recently are -- become clearer. As I said, the current sentiment is much stronger than it was three months ago, but there’s still a lot of overhang in the market, as you can see in the market today. So, we are waiting to see that our project in Chile is dependent on the direction the country goes in with this current consideration of its laws and its constitution. So, that is really going to be on hold until that becomes clear. So, we’re not preparing any major change in the first part of 2023 versus what we did in 2022.
Richard Adkerson: Even looking back to 2022, you’ll recall, I mentioned I think on more than one conference call that there was a disconnect between even then the physical world we were dealing with, with our customers and what the market was doing. So, it has been striking as to the strength of demand that we’ve had, we had no problem selling our production. We’ve actually -- there was a shortage of wire rod in the United States that was -- where we couldn’t meet everything that was being produced. And then, with our copper concentrate customers, including China, people were buying all that we produced and actually wanting more. So, market sentiment is better now. And but our customers continue to be very positive.
Richard Adkerson: No, I was just going to say, Chris, and Kathleen can talk about the details. When we announced the financial policy, as I looked out and I said, the likelihood is, cash is going to come in faster than we can spend it just because of the nature of our capital projects are long term. It takes a lot of time. This has happened before at Freeport. Two previous occasions in our history, we got down to zero net debt. This is setting aside the smelter because that’s financed on its own. But, what this does is by having that cushion between where our debt is and our debt target is, it will allow us to readily be able to finance future construction projects. But it’s just the way the cash flows in versus -- we don’t feel any compulsion to spend money to get the debt up to that target.
Richard Adkerson: Well, while the numbers look simple, the mine planning is complicated. And we report the results of our mine planning quarterly. And what you’re seeing there is some revisions in mine planning to optimize resource recovery. It wasn’t any target. It’s just the way that -- the way that the mineralization of these ore bodies fall out as we change future mine plans. And...
Richard Adkerson: And it’s not a targeting it -- it’s not a targeting exercise, Chris. I mean, we didn’t do something to try to get more gold. It was just -- if we look at the orebody, we maximize the value. It’s a dynamic process and report to you the results of that process, and that’s what it is.
Richard Adkerson: Okay. And one thing that’s -- one thing that’s a real benefit of Freeport that we say a lot. I’m not sure if this is recognized as much as it ought to be. But, we operate every mine that we have an interest in. We have joint venture partners. But unlike other operations where those joint ventures are run as a standalone business, we operate globally through our operatorship rights. And that makes us really important customers of our suppliers. We’re generally one of the very largest customers of people who provide our major supplies. And so, as those suppliers globally have been working to pass along their input cost, our global supply team working with our operations have been affected in mitigating certain of those costs. We’ve had some impact. But again, it’s a real dynamic situation and -- you saw we came in below our quarter-ago estimate. Some costs are moderating, some are carrying over, but it’s just an ongoing thing. And we give you the best outlook we have, and then we work hard to try to operate with as low a cost as we can.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we’re working on it right now, and we’re structuring, so that we have the alternative of going forward with our current operations and maximizing those or undertaking a large-scale investment and new concentrator there. So, we’re approaching it to give ourselves the alternatives of going in either of those directions. But we wanted to get started with that because it was going to be required one way or the other.
Richard Adkerson: It takes time to do it. But as I said, we -- in the past, we’ve been delaying that so -- we made the decision on the concentrator expansion. And in recent months, we’ve decided we need to go ahead with the permitting for the water, desal plant, so that -- because we’re going to need it one way or the other.
Richard Adkerson: Well, no. And you know it’s a good new story to have this large pipeline of future projects, and I personally believe the world is going to need that copper. Going to your last question first, there is no relationship between Kucing Liar and projects in the U.S. It doesn’t bump out projects. It doesn’t prioritize anything. It’s something that fits right in. It will be financed by PT-FI out of cash flows from PT-FI. And it will support our volumes there through our current operating rights to 2041. We’re talking with the government about extending those. There’s opportunities for Kucing Liar beyond that. And we believe, although we haven’t been engaged in drilling exercises in the Grasberg Block Cave and Deep MLZ and who knows what else is down there because we really haven’t fully drilled to explore future opportunities. Now, John, you know the thing about Grasberg, ever since we discovered it, it keeps getting bigger and bigger and bigger. But that’s on its own, there is no effect on what we’re doing at Kucing Liar with what we do in the United States. So, we have the financial resources to do -- in the Americas, the United States and South America. So, the ones we’ve listed are the ones we believe are the largest, most significant executable projects initially. The Bagdad expansion is a straightforward doubling of mill capacity, and we’ve dealt with water issues and so forth and...
Richard Adkerson: Yes. And I’m glad you asked the question because I wanted to elaborate on what I said about Peru in my opening comments. I think all of you know that the Cerro Verde milling complex is the largest in the industry, 400,000-plus per day capacity. The tailings dam will be one of the largest earthen dams ever constructed in the history of mankind, if not the largest. And what John is referring to is a number of years ago, we did as a community project invested in a freshwater system for Arequipa, the second largest city in Peru. And then, as we were developing the expansion of the concentrator and tailings dam, we shifted away from building a new dam on the river that runs just outside of the sea of Arequipa. We come in and we built a wastewater collection and treatment system. And with doing that, we got water for our concentrator and we markedly improved the ecology of the river, and that has been very positively received by downstream farmers and community itself. And that’s really helped foster our positive relationship there. And our team there does overall good. Now, having said that, the situation in Peru is very complicated and nobody at this point can predict how it’s going to unfold. The motions are very high. The government is reluctant to use extreme steps to deal with roadblocks and disruptions and this thing in the day-to-day evolution. And so we are faced with the problems that caused us to cut back on our production rates to conserve line and other inputs so that we could continue to operate. We have the ability to house workers on a temporary basis on site. Most of our workers live in the region of the city of Arequipa, and sometimes those roads have been blocked. So, we’re prepared for it. Our team does a great job in managing things like this over time like COVID and -- but I just wanted to make the point that these concerns that people are raising are directed towards the issues with the government and not directed against us at Cerro Verde and our operations. And so far, we’ve been able to continue to operate.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. So, it’s broader than mining. I mean, when I talk with people to business council, business around the table, it’s a common theme you hear across many industries. And when all the COVID relief funds went out, that was a factor. I mean, face it, our work is hard work. And it’s harder to drive a big haul truck than it is to drive an Amazon or UPS or FedEx truck. So, we compete with those. We pay our people strong living wages. We’re giving people substantial increases this year. We invest in recreational facilities, try to deal with housing. It’s an issue in Colorado with our molybdenum mines. You can imagine what it’s like there. So, it’s a big issue for us. And as a result, our mine rates aren't meeting what we would like for them to meet, and that affects not only current but future production, and it’s a strategic challenge for us. But, it’s not just us and it’s not just the mining industry, but the mining industry because the nature of the work presents special problems.
Richard Adkerson: And if we -- what it opens up to us is unbelievable. I mean, we have -- Morenci the largest leaching operation in the world. It has been for years. And by enhancing the existing leaching operations using all these tools, data analytics and heat covers and supplements, it’s really amazing. But then it opens up historical leach stacks and potentially places like Lone Star using leaching to replace or minimize concentrator investments. So, it’s really exciting. It’s beyond just this 200 pounds that we’re targeting now. But with success, it’s a great opportunity for us. And it’s not a fracking deal like it was in oil and gas industry. It’s not going to turn the dynamics of the supply situation upside down. But for a company like Freeport with the leaching operations that we have and the application with success to historical leach sites and future mine development, it’s something that’s really exciting. And the great thing about it is to see the excitement of our own guys and own team that’s working on it. It’s really gratifying.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. I had the chance for the first time to meet the President of Chile when I was at APAC in Bangkok, and we had a very long conversation in advance of his presentation and it was really positive. And he explained to me what he’s facing, which I can appreciate, Kathleen met with him earlier. And so, like what’s going on in a lot of different countries around the world, particularly when commodity prices go up, people see the opportunity to take financial benefits through royalties and taxes and use them to meet social needs. And it’s just always a balancing situation. At one point, Chile built its whole economy on copper and was very successful. When I was talking with people in Indonesia, the Congo and other places, I would always point to Chile as an example of a country that to be successful by encouraging mining. Chile for a number of reasons, labor and now government situation is losing -- has lost and is losing competitive advantage that it once had. So, these government officials run on a platform of enhancing social programs and then they end up facing the reality of they go too far with that, what that does to their country in terms of its currency, in terms of its economic viability and investment and so forth. President of Chile understands that, and you can see that there has been a more positive tone of dealing with these issues. We’re not a real leader in Chile, although we are in the global copper business. So, we participate with the government, with other companies there and the conversations that are going on and share our experiences that we’ve had in working globally on these kinds of issues. So, the current direction is clearly more positive than it was a year ago. The President is facing a low level of popularity now. And so, it’s a question of facing reality for political leaders. And we certainly lived our -- based our share of those things. And as a mining company, you work hard to gain the trust of the politicians. If you do things the right way, you’re sensitive to their issues. You don’t try to take advantage every time you have a chance to take advantage. We’ve actually walked away from projects, because governments -- we didn’t believe the deal the government was offering us was sustainable long-term deals. And that’s proved out to be the case. So it’s a complicated deal, big part of a business for the leader of a company. And you’ve got to -- as I said, listen, be responsible, and work to find middle ground so that it’s a win-win deal and you’re not taking advantage of anyone and you’re representing your stakeholders. You’re not letting somebody take advantage of you. And that’s what Chile is going through. I believe that the reasonable compromise will be reached because it’s in everybody’s interest for that to happen.
Richard Adkerson: And you know, I can’t let this call go by without telling you how personally pleased I am with our much improved relationship with the government in Indonesia, where we had a multiyear discussions, negotiations over our mining rights in our contract and so forth. It’s just been remarkable what’s happened in the last six months, I made three trips there. We had -- the President had an incredibly positive visit to our job site at the end of August, early September. He asked me to accompany his investment minister and Kathleen was there, too. We did a university road trip and then -- but the two of us went back for the B20 part of G20 and got to see the President and others and it’s just the -- and then APAC and Bangkok. It’s just a great feeling to feel that we’re all altogether now working to -- for the benefit of all the stakeholders and having the success we’re having on the ground at PT-FI. All right…
Richard Adkerson: All right. I was starting that. Thank you everybody for participating today. And you know we’re always available for follow-up calls. You can call David initially and he can make arrangements to talk with Kathleen or me or whoever we need to bring into conversation. Thank you for your participation. It’s great to have a quarter like this, and we’re really excited about our future.
