Richard Adkerson: Mike, one of the things we've had with Grasberg, and this goes back when we started mining in the early 1990s and we've done a lot of drilling to get good models. But over time, the models have held up. So we're seeing the grades that we expected to see. The only time historically that there may be some variation is that -- is when we make a transition from the low-grade zone to a high-grade zone. The timing of that may affect expected grades. But the Grasberg has performed remarkably consistent over many years now in terms of providing us a grade that we were expecting based on our drilling results. So all of this is strictly a function of our ongoing monitoring. And we were very conservative in the way we monitored this pit situation. But as we got -- as we did some remedial work and as we got comfortable with all of our monitoring activity, it just allowed us to mine a different shape than we expected to be able to mine in the first quarter. And that means some of that material, which we would have expected to mine in the fourth quarter, some in future years, came to us in this first quarter.
Richard Adkerson: What Mike is referring to is we did have an incident in our DOZ mine of where we had wet material that flowed unexpectedly. And very sad to report, we lost 2 of our workers. We have had over the years a very strong safety record throughout the operation particularly in the underground mines. And beginning back in the mid-'90s when we were mining the OZ mine which was just directly above the current DOZ mine, we invested to deal with this wet muck situation by developing robotic-type mining activities. And when our analysis indicated exposure to wet conditions, we mined it without people. And now we are investigating and working with the government investigators now as to what happened in this situation. We are all very, very, very focused on this. We're very sad about it. We're going to get to the bottom and review our procedures and understand how this happened and do everything we can do to ensure that it doesn't ever happen again. The history that -- we'll have to work with the mine inspectors from the government. Historically that has required a short period of time, and we don't see anything that's different this time. But it will actually require us to complete that process before we start, resume underground mining at the DOZ. The DOZ provides about 20%, a little more than 20%, 80 million out of say 230 million to our mill. Again, other operations in the pit in the mill itself are not affected by this.
Richard Adkerson: Well Sal, I'll tell you, when I was down in Chile, as usual I did a number of interviews. And some of them I think overemphasized this question that I got about acquisitions. Our focus strategically is to invest internally on our projects. And I've always said that's set at [ph] the end, and that is our strategic focus. I did say that as we are, we are positioned that if an attractive acquisition came to us, we are financially and technically available, prepared to take advantage of it. We don't expect it. It's not part of our strategy. And if it did come to us, it would have to be an extraordinary opportunity. So there's no change. We are monitoring everything that goes on in this industry and looking, always looking for opportunities where we can apply our skills and our financial resources to create shareholder value. But we are focused on our internal projects.
Richard Adkerson: And Red, I think it's fair to say, Sal, that when we started looking at this resource and this opportunity, our first thought was looking at this larger scale opportunity -- it's still there. But in doing that, we saw an opportunity of going in and doing a near-term, less complicated, smaller project that doesn't take away from the larger opportunity, that gives us these incremental volumes on an economic basis earlier.
Richard Adkerson: We're very positive about the copper business. I mean we're in it from exploration through development through marketing. We are the world's largest public producer. In fact, our consolidated operations make us the world's largest producer of copper. So we're very positive about copper and we think the world's going to need copper. So if we saw a copper opportunity, it would be attractive. But we wouldn't limit ourselves to that. And it's not just -- we don't have a strategy of trying to diversify for the sake of diversification. I think what 2008 showed us was something that I was saying before then is that these resources are correlated in the way they're affected by global demand situations. And so what we would be looking for, if we were to invest outside copper, would be a very attractive asset. Now at the end of the day, the quality of the assets is what makes a mining company attractive. And if we could use our technical capabilities and find an attractive asset that was outside copper, we'd be prepared to move on it. But we are very positive about the copper business.
Richard Adkerson: Let me also say these copper projects that I've talked about earlier bring a significant amount of molybdenum with them. And in fact, I mentioned Sierrita, that district at Cerro Verde, has an existing molybdenum line. It would be expanded. We're beginning to produce molybdenum at Morenci, and our expansions there would have it. So when we look at the total Molybdenum business, we have the by-product molybdenum. We have Henderson. And now, Climax is limning to come on stream. And we're very active downstream. Our predecessor [ph] companies and Dave's team has done a great job of developing markets for us. We sell proportion where more of our molybdenum into the chemical market than does the industry as a whole. And we have the ability by having these primary mines at Henderson to flex operations if we need to, once we get on stream to deal with changes in market conditions. So it's a great asset for our company. It's exactly what a mining company would like to have, industry-leading position and a critical metal growth opportunities and low cost structures and flexibility and good marketing impact.
Richard Adkerson: Well, I would say overall, it'll be a similar cost level to what we have now. In some ways, we're replicating the expansion that was completed at the end of 2006. And it's a very efficient operation now, so we will be designing this to maximize volumes. And our analysis is based on essentially continuing our existing cost structure.
Richard Adkerson: Well, one thing to keep in mind is the bulk of our existing operations is an oxide ore body. I mean, a number of years ago, Morenci went to SX/EW. And that continues to be a significant part of operations and will be. The new opportunity for us is with sulfide resources that we're finding as extensions of the existing pits and at depth. And we don't know yet the extent of those resources. But in the context of a world that needs copper like it does, it's very significant. So that's allowing us to take the step now, which we are completing, we're working on feasibility for near-term mill expansion and setting us up for this longer-term mill expansion. And we're continuing to drill, to design the right mine structure, mine plans and all to take advantage of this newly known sulfide resource that our exploration drilling has revealed to us.
Richard Adkerson: Well, Tony, let me answer that. We've been using these remote mining robotic type machines now for 10 years. And it's an active, I mean it's a fairly significant part of our total draw points that we're using them on. And they've been working very well. It's a bit slower than manned draw points. But it's not like this is new technology and so forth for us. The Grasberg block cave, and Mark, add onto this, does not have the degree of risk for wet muck that we've experienced with the DOZ mine and its predecessor mines, which is a different source of mineralization. The Grasberg block gate is a continuation of the ore body that we've been mining from the pit. It's the same ore body. And it's just at a certain point, it gets to be economic to access it underground as opposed from the pit. And just because of the nature of the geology, the location of it, the water is always an issue, I don't want to say that, it's always an issue underground. But with the heavy rainfall and conditions there at Grasberg, the risks are more pronounced and more significant with the DOZ mine.
Richard Adkerson: Well, to say that CODELCO is financially strapped, they have tremendous resources and cash flows. Their issue is how do they tie in the running of their business with the requirements for cash from the government. And CODELCO has indicated no interest in giving up resources. And politically that would be very difficult. We are trying -- we have great relationships, a great partnership there, great relationship with the senior management of CODELCO. And we're looking for opportunities to work together on resource development. But, the likelihood of their giving up resources is very small.
Richard Adkerson: And you're right and the point is we're working on various joint venture structures that we might pursue with them.
Richard Adkerson: Well, the reason the discount occurred of course is, and I know you're aware of that, Gary, but just for the rest of the people on the line, is we're producing an intermediate product right now at Tenke. It's a product that is sold to users who do further processing to use it. It is -- there's a very strong market for that product now. And so we're having great success in selling it and getting good prices of that product. But it's obviously a lower price than you would get for refined cobalt. As part of our expansions at Tenke, we are examining the potential to develop a refinery to upgrade this product that we're producing to metallic cobalt. It's a small market. And all of this comes into our view of how we get the expanding amount of cobalt that we will be producing into the market in an efficient way and possibly we might do something jointly with others to achieve that. But we've had great success, from a marketing effort with cobalt to date. And we are considering a number of options including the construction of a refinery as we go forward.
Richard Adkerson: Let me see. It's not a lot of money, probably in the range and boy, this is a ballpark, of $150 million, $200 million.
Richard Adkerson: Well, Grasberg has its capital program laid out for it. I mean it's a plan that we've been working on for several years, John. We've completed the access to get to the underground mines. And now we're beginning to start mine development. We can't start operating the block cave under the Grasberg until we stop mining at the pit because of subsidence that's inherent with block cave mining. So the Grasberg capital program is established and coming along on plan on schedule. After the significant capital at Cerro Verde, we have a situation in Africa with Tenke, where the resource development is going to be driven by our exploration work, our metallurgical work and logistical work. And it's the nature of that operation and where it's located, results in our ability to invest there on a quicker time schedule than we would at certain of our other mines. Then we see the North American sulfides, the more major project, I mean the near-term project at Morenci will proceed. The longer-term sulfides deposit developments require drilling. Water issues are critically important here in Arizona. And we've got a very active effort going on to develop water resources and water conservation measures and so forth to deal with that. But that would be the next focus and that's across several mines. It's Morenci, Sierrita, Twin Buttes, the following goes Bagdad and potentially Ajo. So those will be there. And then the El Abra sulfide, which I don't think is far behind those, but we'll be working on all these at the same time. But that is a project that would require access to water, is the big issue for that and how we work out synergies with CODELCO and others in the area. So that's kind of a line up.
Richard Adkerson: Okay, just from a procedural matter, we put numbers in our outlook numbers when we get board approval and we're going forward with a project. And at this point, we haven't done that with Climax. We're spending all of this money, which is a change from where we are a year ago, so that we will have the option of deciding when to increase. And it's strictly going to be based, John, on a market read. We're such a large producer. We have our by-product, moly. The market is small. And so we will have the ability to make the decision, and that could occur sooner than later. But when we start hiring operators for these facilities, then we'll have a date certain for getting started. But it's strictly a market read.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we talked about Morenci and the possibility of increasing our mine rate there. But that's not a big capital cost to deal with.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, that's capital. And that's what I was looking at. The operating costs are built into our numbers. And those will be the cumulative result of input cost changes and our collective efforts to constrain them. But capital costs are what they are. And look, we're out here every day looking for ways to spend capital to produce more copper. And we'll report to you as we find them.
Richard Adkerson: We kind of went away from the way that business has been done prior to the merger. When Climax did do some relatively long-term -- not long-term contracts but period contracts, that actually set some price floors and ceilings as a way of capturing markets. Most of you know by following Freeport that our basic approach is to sell in the markets and realize market prices. We don't hedge or enter into long-term contracts for prices with the rest of our business. And so we've put that philosophy in place for Climax, and we basically sell at the market. We do have very close relationships with our customers. And we work together to understand their needs and we're a valued supplier because of our ability to do that. So it's more of a question of our understanding what our customers' needs are as opposed to having a contractual arrangement to assure those things. And Dave, you...
Richard Adkerson: No, we haven't begun any negotiations on that. We're in the exploratory phase, some general discussions with the government, some discussions with other producers, continuing to monitor what's going on in Angola. We are looking at -- we have a continuing process of looking at other transportation routes. Right now, we're going through Durbin, out of Durbin, which is a long haul. I must tell you, it's working better than I had expected personally in terms of the truck movements and so forth, considering the distance and the number of vehicles that we have out there. So it's working reasonably well. Fuel costs are having an impact. And we believe that we can use this system for the expansions that we have right before us. We are looking at the possibility of developing access through Angola in Barcelona [ph]. Dealing with these things require that you have security and assurances and that sort of thing. But there's an opportunity to reduce cost by looking at alternatives, and we're continuing to do that. But the bulk of our shipping for the foreseeable future will be continuing this 1000 click trip down through southern Africa coming out of Tenke through Zambia.
Richard Adkerson: Sal, you picked up on the fact that we have gotten more confident about the water situation for Cerro Verde. And we are in a different situation than Tia Maria. We're not looking at a desalinization option for Cerro Verde. We've had alternatives that we've looked at. And we've been working on a collaborative basis with the local community and the Arequipa area. And we've developed an alternative that will be positively received by the local community. It involves a construction of a wastewater plant and using reclaimed water to provide it for us. And so while we're in the final stages of completing our studies and then starting the environmental impact studies, we have confidence that we've got this water alternative identified and one that works with the local community. All right. We really appreciate everybody's participation on the call and look forward to continuing in 2010 on a very positive track.
