Kathleen Quirk: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan conference call. Earlier this morning, we reported first quarter 2022 operating and financial results, and a copy of our press release and slides are available on our website at fcx.com.  Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet, and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call, and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today.  Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. I'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our annual report on Form 10-K.  On the call with me today are Richard Adkerson, our Chairman and CEO. I'd also like to welcome Maree Robertson, our new CFO. She's joining us today on the call, and Maree joined us in March. We're delighted to have her on our team. Mark Johnson is on, who is the COO of our Indonesian business; Josh Olmsted, who is the COO of our Americas business; Mike Kendrick is on, who runs our global molybdenum business; and Steve Higgins is also on today, our Chief Administrative Officer.  Richard is going to start by making some opening comments and then we'll be going through the slide materials and the outlook included in our slide materials. So Richard, I'll turn it to you.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. We understand the question. The sensitivities that we show are just in terms of the copper price without having changes in input prices. I think right now, what we're seeing is increases that are unusual, correlations that are unusual. Energy prices have risen in some of these other commodities like sulfuric acid and the explosives and things like that, all reflecting kind of a geopolitical situation.  I don't think the long-term trends, if you look at the correlation between copper prices and some of these inputs, are as dramatic as what we're seeing this year. Time will tell, we'll see, but we don't expect to see these kinds of $0.09 increases for $0.25 move in copper prices. It will depend on, obviously, the fundamentals of each commodity.  But right now, some of the commodities are moving in a direction differently on a short-term basis because of what we're seeing in the Russia-Ukraine situation.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes, our diesel costs that we went into the year with our plan of roughly $2.50 a gallon. We've increased that in this most recent guidance by about 40%. And normally, we would not see that kind of dislocation. And when we look at the long-term trends of diesel prices and copper prices, we normally wouldn't see that.  So same holds for some of the fertilizers and ammonia nitrate, the product we use for explosives, has gone up a lot, as sulfuric acid has as well. And we believe a lot of those are up just generally because of commodity prices, but the Ukraine and Russia situation has exacerbated some of that. So we don't see it as a long-term cost in our structure at those levels.
Kathleen Quirk: And Emily, the leaching opportunity that we have, we don't have exposure to steel and structural costs for that opportunity. And that's why we're really pushing that with a sense of urgency because that really is very low capital intensity and operating cost intensity that will translate right to our bottom line if we can crack that code.  So it's the equivalent of bringing on a new mine without having all the capital costs. So that is -- that would be a really, really strong thing for us as a company if we can continue to advance the leaching opportunity.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. The main thing that we're experiencing, Emily, in terms of labor is really focused more in the U.S., the main issue. We -- it's a very competitive job environment, as you've seen. We've got significant job openings in our U.S. operations. We've been supplementing our workforce with outside contractors to help us with projects and capacity assurance.  And so really, you're seeing more utilization of contractors right now. But we have made some progress in hiring in the first quarter. We've been -- and have had a number of openings for several months, and we're starting to make progress in the first quarter and getting these positions filled. So -- but I'd say it's more a matter of tightness in terms of availability of people as opposed to really big increases in wage rates.  We have increased our wage rates, and we've provided some supplements and incentives for people. But the main thing has been we've had to use higher price contractors until we get all these positions filled. We aren't seeing the same kind of issues in Indonesia. And Richard mentioned, the Peru impacts with profit sharing.  We just signed a new contract labor agreement, both in Indonesia and in Peru and the labor situation there is much easier than it is in the U.S.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. And we -- so the outlook that you have reflects our current estimate. Each quarter, we update all of our operating plans and cost input. So what you're seeing in the latest outlook for the year is based on the market prices when we prepare this forecast just recently.
Kathleen Quirk: In the near term, Alex, you're right. I mean in the near term, what we've got is these leach opportunities. And like I said, it takes 7, 10 years to build a new mine. And -- so these leach opportunities really can fill in the near term.  Longer term, we're really looking at growth coming from this big potential we have at Lone Star and also El Abra. We hadn't made a decision on El Abra yet, but that 700 million pounds-plus of new production and the Lone Star sulfide would be a meaningful amount of increase as well.  But -- I mean, it's a feature of other copper market. It's very, very challenging to develop new supplies, and it takes many years to do it. We've had significant growth in 2021, again in 2022, but it's not common in our industry to see that kind of growth in copper production, and that's really what underpins the fundamental outlook for it.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. We're looking at it on an annual basis, really, and we had a big working capital item in the first quarter. And so we're not varying our returns on our working capital change like that, that's not expected to continue through the year. So really, it's a -- we're looking at it as an annual, and we're having to make some estimates and that kind of thing. But it's -- we're trying to have some consistency in the share buyback program.
Kathleen Quirk: We're getting close to that this year. And next year, we expect to be -- and it changes modestly on the margin with grades, but we're getting close to the 1 billion pound mark this year, and we'll be there next year. We did -- in terms of the gold at Grasberg, we did experience some higher recoveries in the first quarter of this year, and we've increased our gold volumes slightly for the year for 2022. We haven't incorporated any of these increases in the out years. And so we do potentially have some benefits for gold as we look forward that we haven't incorporated, but we'll have to see how the experience goes as we go through this year.
Kathleen Quirk: I'll just comment on the portfolio there, just on the concurrent, we could have concurrent leach for a period of time at the El Abra alongside of the concentrating same as Lone Star. We have that in many of our operations, including Morenci, where we have concurrent leach operations and concentrating operations. And yes, to answer your question, these projects could be within the decade. But it takes a very long time as we've all been talking about on this call. Sorry to interrupt. Go ahead, Josh.
Richard Adkerson: Well, if you go back, I'll talk about three years of copper demand, when copper was correlated to industrial production before China emerged in roughly 2003 as the China era, and now we're in a new era of copper prices, it's been various factors.  Back when copper was cyclical and driven by industrial production in the developed world, there was a correlation between prices. But then when China emerged and copper prices went from a dip below $0.70 and went to $4 in a short period of time when nobody was expected, there wasn't a correlation with prices.  Today, it is affected by the dislocations caused by Russia and the situation in Ukraine, particularly with oil and gas prices, I mean, and you'll just have to reach your own judgment of how sustainable that is or how much is the impact of the current situation. But there are other commodities, it's having an impact on copper prices, but Russia was a relatively small producer of copper globally of 3%, 4% and regionally affected markets and the market is so tight, it has an impact, but other commodities are being more effective than copper.  And as I said, many of these things, I believe, are transitory. So we're taking steps where we can to control prices. Copper prices are rising faster than cost for us. So our profitability is growing, and we're encouraged about that continuing into the future.
Richard Adkerson: Emily, those really aren't driving factors on our investment decisions. The resources that we have are just economically not that sensitive to even these kind of price increases. So we -- our timing issue on the brownfield development projects is, one related to engineering and permitting and community relations and things like that.  These are things that affect supply development across the industry, and it's a double-edged sword of copper. It's a major factor of why copper prices are so strong. So we'll factor in the higher prices, but when we undertake a project, the investment decision is not going to be driven by those factors, but by others. For example, in Chile, we're awaiting making investment decision on El Abra, which is a great project, but there's a lot of uncertainties about the government policy towards mining in Chile. And so that's what we're monitoring before we make -- proceed with an investment decision there.
Richard Adkerson: And on position, how well positioned Freeport is to take advantage of that -- those advancements. We're the largest leaching operation in the world. Morenci is the largest single mine from leaching, and it's been part of our company's experience for decades. So we're really excited about it.
Richard Adkerson: That's really not a significant factor. I mean there may be a short-term contract that gets renegotiated. But costs -- the cost you see are essentially the current costs that we're experiencing now.
Richard Adkerson: And while there's uncertainties, my expectation is we're facing kind of the height of dislocations from global supply chains to other factors. COVID shutdown in China and situation in Ukraine, so my personal expectation is rather than seeing costs going up in the future, we'll see them come down. But time will tell.
Richard Adkerson: And Alex, that's 1 thing I've been trying to get across to policymakers and others who follow our industry, just about how long term the copper business is. I participated in Cambridge Energies, the CERAWeek down in Houston with oil and gas companies, and everybody was asking the oil and gas companies about the time for response to production, and they were talking about it, the executives with the energy companies were saying, "Well, it's a long-term business. It takes months to respond."  And I said, "Well, copper takes years to respond." And so that's why I pointed out at Grasberg, and there was a lot of pressure on us to -- for periods of time to delay development of the Grasberg underground, as we were talking with the Government of Indonesia about our contract rights. But had we done that, we wouldn't have had this production available to us.  And so what we're looking at when we talk about growth, is growth from a very long-term basis. And it's one of the reasons why we have a favorable copper price, and why, I believe copper prices are going to go higher. I mean we're seeing companies across our energy industry today being challenged with meeting their production targets.  We've done that. But it's going -- all of that's going to be supportive of prices. And as I said, I'm really struck by having today's copper price in the kind of global market with headwinds that would normally lead to lower prices.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. We would. It's just such a great asset. Funny historical story before the Phelps Dodge deal. I called the Phelps Dodge CEO when he sold down originally interest in Cerro Verde.  At a time when they needed production, and I said, "What are you doing?" I wish they had kept greater production. We got great partners. But yes, it's such a great long-term asset, and those kinds of quality of assets are really, really scarce in our business. And while that's a project that we can enhance growth at the margin, it's not a project where there's going to be a step-change change in volumes in the future. We've got some leaching opportunities there. We can be more efficient. We can overcome some of the issues that COVID has caused us, but it's just a great long-term asset with our positive view of the copper markets. We're glad we have it, and we wish we own more.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. And the facts are because of these time challenges in pursuing investments with strong copper prices, cash is going to come in faster than it's going to go out. So that's something our Board is going to have -- will be considering going forward. And the 50% was a guidance for investors to understand what our thinking is, but it's not any sort of fixed in stone situation.
Richard Adkerson: No, not really. We've worked really hard with the local community in Arequipa and have established a positive relationship. We did some really important things in terms of community investment over the years. We built a freshwater system for the city and second largest city in Peru.  And then we developed a -- for a city that didn't have -- that was just dumping its wastewater into the River Chile, we developed a wastewater collection and processing facility. And so the ecology of the river has really improved, which has been very positive in many levels with agriculture interest and so forth.  So we've done a lot. We pay people well. We managed through COVID effectively, and it was challenging. But fortunately, we have a really positive relationship with the local community, and we work hard to preserve that.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we're advancing. It's still early days. We're working with a group of different technologies. Some of it's proprietary, some of it's with outside contractors and some is in joint ventures with other companies in Latin America. So we're excited about it. But we haven't yet been able to forecast of what we believe will ultimately be a significant incremental production.  Kathleen mentioned 200 million pounds a year is a target we're currently working for, that's focused on our existing active leach stacks. But there's other opportunities if this works, as we anticipate it would with some old historical inactive leach stacks and potentially be an alternative to investments in concentrators to process sulfide ores.  So it's -- I get pumped up when I talk with our technical team about it, and they brief me on what's going on because of the excitement they're expressing. But we'll keep you informed, keep the market informed, as we're able to get more visibility about incremental production.
Richard Adkerson: No, these are just normal mine plan adjustments that come up as conditions change. When you look at the numbers from Grasberg, it looks like it's almost like an assembly line process, but we're constantly dealing with changes in geology and other conditions. But there's nothing unusual there, and it's certainly nothing that has a fundamental change in the low-cost operations there.  Mark Johnson is on the line, and he's our longtime head of operations there at Grasberg. And Mark, why don't you make a comment in response to this question.
Richard Adkerson: Well, I mean, there's just -- things are just piling up that's adding to the supply constraints. I mean that's a story 20 years ago when China emerged, there was a general expectation that there would be a major supply response, as there always had been in copper before that. But then people started looking hard, and it's been going on for 20 years now.  Copper has been at the top of the strategic objectives of the major mining companies ever since then. And it's a combination of geology, the quality of deposits are much, much lower than they were before. They're in much more challenging jurisdictions. Often, their grades are lower, many are underground, and so that's been a factor that's overriding everything.  And now with 40% of the copper coming from Chile and Peru and those companies -- countries going through political discussions about the direction of how they're going to be treating the industry, that's clearly a factor that's out there. And as things get delayed because of the amount of time that requires to develop even a straightforward project like this mill project, we have at Bagdad, that is about as simple project as you could have, but it's taken several years to get engineering and permit.  It's just a question of building a new mill, building some tailings facilities. I mean there's nothing really that complicated. But when you start looking at projects that are really complicated, that are really in challenging jurisdictions, you can see around the world, communities opposing new developments, while we benefit in the U.S. because ours are brownfield, and we have good relationships with communities that we worked hard to keep, people who are trying to build new mines in the U.S. are running into really serious delays and sometimes brick walls about not being able to go forward.  So these things are just pyramiding and absent some really significant global economic event, I'm just hard-pressed to see where we're not heading for an environment of where copper prices are going to be very high. And there's going to be real challenges as people try to substitute, get more scrap, develop new projects. All of those things have barriers. So as I said at the start, I'm really confident about our strategy of being a copper company. And I think we're really well suited to benefit for our stakeholders by being good at execution, as we've shown; by being focused; by doing things the right way; by building relationships.  We mentioned Peru, same way in the U.S., same way in Indonesia. We learned long ago, and our experience in coming up and developing the Grasberg in Indonesia was you cannot turn a blind eye to the local people. You have to give them jobs, opportunities, benefits, and so we've learned those lessons and it's paying off for us. And I think it will continue to pay off for us.
Richard Adkerson: All right. Well, thanks, everybody, for your interest, and I'll just close and say I hope to see both Lone Star and El Abra's projects get kicked off. So that will give you some time frame on it. And we are really proud of our team and really feel good about where we are and where we're going. So thank you for your interest, and we look forward to reporting our progress in the future.
