Kathleen L. Quirk: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Our results were released earlier this morning and a copy of the press release and slides for today's call are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call is being broadcast live on the Internet and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we would like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on this call include forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our SEC filings. On the call today are, Jim Bob Moffett, our Chairman of the Board, Richard Adkerson, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jim Flores, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Freeport-McMoRan Oil & Gas and we have members of – senior team members in the room with us today. I will start by briefly summarizing the financial results and then turn the call over to Richard who will be using the slide presentation to review our performance and outlook. After our comments, we will open up the call for questions. Today, FCX reported net income attributable to common stock of $510 million, or $0.49 per share for the first quarter of 2014, which compared with $648 million or $0.68 per share for first quarter of 2013. Our first quarter results were negatively impacted by lower sales from Indonesia, attributable to the regulatory ban on concentrates imposed in mid-January and to lower copper prices. We benefited from strong operating performance from the oil and gas business, and from our Americas and Africa mining operations, which partly offset the unfavorable impacts. The consolidated first quarter copper sales of 0.8 billion pounds were about 9% below last year's first quarter, primarily as the result of the deferral of exports from Indonesia, which reduced or deferred our copper and gold sales by approximately 125 million pounds of copper and 140 ounces of gold. We are engaged in discussions with the Indonesian government to work to resume exports as soon as possible. Our first quarter sales of oil and natural gas totaled 16.1 million barrels of oil equivalence, which was above our recent forecast. The first quarter average recorded copper price of $3.14 per pound was below last years first quarter $3.51, and gold prices at $1300 per ounce were 19% below the year ago quarter. Oil prices remained strong during the quarter, with Brent prices averaging $108 per barrel. The average realization by our oil and gas division was $99 per barrel before the impacts of derivative contracts. During the quarter, we generated operating cash flows of $1.2 billion, that was net of about $400 million, in working capital uses, and our capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $1.6 billion. We ended the quarter with total debt of $20.9 billion, and our consolidated cash position was $1.4 billion. I'll now turn the call over to Richard, who will be referring to the presentation materials.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Yes, David this is Kathleen. We're just getting into some higher grade potential and so that just reflects that the gold is the same as what we had said before, but the copper is a little higher impact. David Gagliano – Barclays Capital, Inc.: What we did, Dave, when this first started is we moved out of the lower region pit and started focusing on mining at the higher areas where we had with material. All of these are things were going to have to do over time in our mine plan. So we mine higher grade material – I mean lower grade material, waste lower grade material but some and stockpiles and now just because of mine sequencing we end up getting into some higher grade material.David Gagliano – Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Perfect. I got it. Why don't I hop out? Thanks for taking the questions and good quarter by the way.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Well as we've been talking about our current plan is that we'll be able to resume normal exports in the second quarter and obviously what we have contingency plans as well that the deal with the situation is extended. We're not currently expecting that but we do have contingency plans. As you point out we would you have a very large undrawn revolver and do have cash on hand, but we'll manage the situation, we'll manage our outflows, we'll manage our CapEx all to maintain a very strong liquidity position.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Yes. Those were cost that were charged roughly the cost of sales rather than going through the normal process of going through inventory and then into cost of sales as a concentrated sold. What we did and this is consistent with accounting rules when you're not operating at normal levels, you need to keep your inventory balances at what they would otherwise would have been. So during the quarter, we incurred those costs that were outside because we didn't have volumes in inventory as those went to directly to cost of sales, but they were just the normal cost of operations it just was excess of what our normal inventory values would be have we been operating at normal capacity.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Oscar this is Kathleen. As Rich will notice we move some production into 2014 we’re previously saying $61 million BOEs and our $64 million and we have move some of the plan shut ins into 2015 and then moved some from 2015 into 2016. So, that's affected the volumes, but that's really what's driving and I think you'll see getting some volumes excelerated to do what we can to offset some of the shortfalls we've had in the mining business.
Richard C. Adkerson: We can hear you now.Tony B. Rizzuto – Cowen & Co. LLC: All right good, good. Wow I thought I was going to be shut off asking no question here.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, that’s an interesting question. We have opportunities to do that, but I think you were down in just go we can clearly unfortunate I could make it this year, but I think one of the things that comes out of there is the reality the mining industry is based. The U.S. is increasingly looking attractive for development. The energy situation here that's affecting industrial development across the board in the U.S. comes into play here in the U.S. for our mining projects. So today U.S. is a very significant advantage over expansions in South America because of the cheaper energy here. We’re also seeing increasingly the benefits of the U.S. workforce. We are nonunionized here. We have a very flexible workforce where it's easier to staff up for expansions and then adjust if you have to adjust than in South America where you have unions and government policies that make it difficult to flex your workforce. Water is an issue in the United States, but Red and his group have done a great job in securing water opportunities for us here in Arizona. Water is a huge, huge problem in Chile, and that ties into energy because of having to use desile projects that requires a lot of energy to pump the water and run the projects. So when we size things up we are increasingly encouraged about opportunities to expand U.S. and more than half of our resources now are in the U.S. So in any event, this Southwest copper district has rolled away the stone from the tomb. And you know and it’s looking really good for us. And so what we wouldn't want to do is sell assets that have significant growth opportunities because we're so positive about the long-term future for copper work and we have that in the U.S.Tony Rizzuto – Cowen Securities LLC: That makes a lot of sense. I think that I appreciate the insights. And yes, I did miss you at CESCO there, Richard 
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah, I missed you too, Tony. All right. Thanks a lot. If you we'll let you get back in line.Tony Rizzuto – Cowen Securities LLC: Yeah, that’s what I’m going to do.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well the answer is yes. I mean our cost structure in large part is fixed. We do have some variable cost, but we have a lot of fixed cost so obviously we get volumes back up you don’t see the unit cost come down, but we are getting ahead of the curve as you mentioned some stripping activities and maintenance activities and that will have some benefits that the margin as we go forward. Getting those volumes is forwards that's where we are making money, because have to touch our margins and we just need to get the shipments going to our customers outside Indonesia.
Richard C. Adkerson: Listen we’ve been there for over 40 years. You think about the huge concerns that we’re there from the unknowns that happens when Suharto stepped down in 1998. And the government has evolved since then, and the government will continue to evolve in Indonesia as a lot of places in the world there's a lot of nationalistic political views that's popular with the local population. It really comes into play with natural resources and that's just something we have to do with so the answer is we're going to be dealing with this issue forever and we've had experience with it, there's a lot of reasons for whoever – the basic issue for Indonesia is this, Indonesia has grown so much and has developed over the 25 years that I've been going there. They still have a growing young population with a lot of unemployment. And while there local economy has developed they need to create jobs, any political leader that comes in from whatever party is going to be faced with the necessity of creating jobs, are there going to be – are they going to fail. And they to create jobs Indonesia does not have an internal savings rate that's enough to fund the capital investment to create jobs. So their going to need foreign investment and regardless of nationalistic views or feelings about self-sufficiency which you hear a lot today in Indonesia the reality is people there is around the world people face is creating jobs to the young people and in Indonesia and that's going to require foreign investment and that's going to require Indonesia to be part of the world economy and that's the reality. We stay out of politics. The people of Indonesia choose the kind of government they want to have and we don't try to influence that. We prepare ourselves to work with whatever government the people elect.Sal Tharani – Goldman Sachs & Co.: I did understand the smelter is going to create 500 jobs, and if you shut half the mine down, that's going to will cost 15,000 jobs to go away.
Richard C. Adkerson: We’ve had those discussions, you can be sure that those discussions are made. Part of the problem that’s complication, I'm sure as you know, Sal, is this was originally directed at other minerals. Where Indonesia is world's largest of nickel ores, I think they provide two thirds of the bauxite to China, significant tin exports and as those industries where they were just exporting ores, Indonesia was see value creation going to other countries that’s not what it is for copper, but politically we are in a complicated situation in trying to say treat copper in a company like Freeport different than you are treating the small nickel exporters and that’s a tough political situation for the government to be in, but yes we’ve made that point and you are right.Sal Tharani – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, I’ll get back in the front queue.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay, you're right about the IUP. We have a contract of work, and under that contract we have no divestiture obligations. As we've talked before, what we’re trying to do is to sit down with the government. Finally, that we can do response to certain of their aspirations and voluntarily change the contract without throwing it out the window and abandoning it as way of protecting our interest. For example, with divestitures, we think if we as part of an agreement to extend the contract and resolve all these issues related to the review of the contract and the mining law, that for us to list an interest of PT-FI on the Indonesian exchange would be positive for all parties. Positive for the government, and positive for us. So that's the sort of thing that we’re talking about doing. But as I mentioned earlier, the challenges of our debate is this issue you raised with the government wanting to go more in the direction of the 2009 mining law, we wanting to extend the contract, and trying to reach agreement on that during an election year where all the politics are volatile. So, that's why we're focusing first on getting back to work with our exports, and continuing the discussions on the contract beyond that. If we could resolve the whole issue, then we'd do it, we want to do it. But we’ve got to face the realities of where we are in the context of Indonesia today.Curt Woodworth – Nomura Securities International, Inc.:  Okay, thank you.
Richard C. Adkerson: But let's go back to your deal, we are confident we're going to be able to have a resolution of this. So we continue our underground development, so we can operate there through 2041 in a very profitable low cost way. This has changed our view about exploration outside of PT-FI. And looking at other places in Indonesia, unfortunately for the country, this new mining law is making it very difficult to doing new projects there in the mining business. And so, we have backed off of some of our exploration opportunities that we were pursuing because of the new mining law that doesn’t’ apply to PT-FI.Curt Woodworth – Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Richard C. Adkerson: It was explained as the cost of excess capacity to me I mean for example, if we could next port anything or couldn't ship anything we charge all the cost that were incurring directly as an expense of having excess capacity and this is the element of excess capacity that we have.
Richard C. Adkerson: Ralph, I’m glad you called Kathleen, one of the benefits I have is she looks over my shoulders, I’m making all these comments. I mentioned that the Indonesian elections were last week; they were actually April 9, just to be accurate.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well I’m going to repeat the caution about assigning too much weight to even specific comments that are attributed to individual government officials. So would again just suggest like I do, I read the papers every morning, every evening, but don’t react specifically to what people are said or quoted as to having said. So I would just caution you about putting too much weight on that. But you do touch on an important issue for us and other contract work holders, is that whatever the rate is if one is imposed it would be contrary to the contract provision to say that were only subject to taxes that are identified work. We have urged the government if they do impose a rate, to treat it as an income tax payment, and have it credible against income taxes as an offset to income taxes. And that way our taxes would be limited to what is in the contract. We recognize that that might be difficult for the government to implement. So what we will be faced with is how to deal with this, I mean we have a strong incentive about going back to work, principally to avoid harm to our workers in the local community, we can manage this ourselves financially for the company. But we will have to work with governmental how we deal with this conflict and how it preserves our rights for the contract and we're just going to have way to see with the regulations are before we respond specifically to that. So Tony I'm sure you can appreciate we can’t speculate on that right now until we see what comes out of the government.Tony Robson – BMO Capital Markets: I understand, and thank you for that, Richard.
Richard C. Adkerson: No. And that's based on a model of just running our business and achieving our production volumes and cost and based on $3 copper and $1300 gold and $10 molybdenum and oil prices being roughly at where they are today. So the point out was making is even though we've had the drop in copper prices, we still have a very strong business of generating cash flows at today’s prices. Now, if prices weaken or costs go up or we have production disruptions, one of the reasons we want to derisk the balance sheet by advancing these sales and get all this debt talk behind us. But if in fact we have other headwinds deal with which in our business, might have that. We always have the flexibility of reducing capital spending, particularly in the oil and gas business as we talked about before much more so in the mining business, you can deferred capital spending and cut back its more discretionary. You don't lose resources by doing that as you know Oscar, because you’ve been there very tough for us to back off of Cerro Verde now given where we are with our oil and gas capital spending. We have more flexibility if we were to have to adjust capital spending. So but my only point was we haven’t run off any clip year from our basic operating situation and we still have a strong business, because of our margins at today’s copper prices and commodity prices. We still generate lot of cash is going to be back end loaded, because of our capital spending and the fact that we get the benefit of volumes after the capital projects are finished. But even with that backend loaded and copper prices coming off of $3.30 to over $3 now. We still have a very strong outlook.
Richard C. Adkerson: And this worth pointing out that these facilities were acquired from BP and Shell in the fall of 2012. So the team is learning more and getting experienced with it so changes in this range Oscar are just to be expected. I mean there's nothing that's significant about it as Kathleen said, its just we try to give you an outlook every quarter and outlooks are going to change.Oscar Cabrera – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  No, I appreciate that, Richard. Thank you all. And it is just again, educating the mining guy. Thanks very much.
Richard C. Adkerson: Let me just make a couple of comments about taxes, we pay substantial foreign taxes as you know, you know where we operate. So our cash tax obligations are substantial. Not so much in the United States, particularly with oil and gas acquisition, because of some net operating loss carry forwards have transferred over and the current deductibility of intangible drilling and development costs. So the benefit is not so much to the corporation, but to the investors. In other words, the initial attractiveness of MLPs was to individual investors where you weren’t faced with having taxes at a corporate level, and then taxes on dividends. It was a true partnership, so it eliminated the INU level taxes, and then the tax attributes like IDCs and so forth flow through to the unit holders, but what's happened since in the development of the MLP concept is today even a number of non-tax paying investors, institutional investors are attracted to MLPs because of the distribution aspects of it in the low interest rate environment. In other words they see distributions from MLPs providing current cash returns in relation to investment from other income yielding type vehicle. So a lot of today's investors in MLPs that are not attracted to it from the tax attribute side, its still there for individual investors, but more just from the fact that MLPs are structured in ways to give attractive current income distributions. And so that resulted in attractive multiples in the public marketplace, those are admittedly higher for what's called midstream MLPs where you have contracts to give a surety of our cash flows and upstream MLPs typically trade in lower valuations, but we have assets particularly in California that are attractive for the MLP models and it gives us opportunity to look at it. As Jim talked about, our real objective here which is maybe different from some other MLP developers is to create a monetization event, so we can meet our debt targets. We are focused – we are really focused on building value FCX shares, I mean that’s what we really want to do. So the management team we are in the same views as our shareholders and we're trying to find ways as our shareholders and we are trying to find ways of increasing the value of FCX’s shares. We feel they are significantly undervalued today, almost every management team you talk to if going to say that, but we believe we can by executing our plans experiencing what we believe to be favorable future markets, dealing the problems like this Indonesian problem , and strengthening our balance sheet we think ultimately that will translate into our share price. And that's what we're all working towards.Brian Hsien Yu – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay, great thanks Richard.
Richard C. Adkerson: The answer is definitely yes. We’ve talk with other companies in an appropriate way about their situations and you might want to speak for themselves, but their resource is significantly different than the Grasberg resource. Always has been in particularly in terms of mine life and so forth. But I mentioned we're working with Aneka Tambang, Antam the state owned mining company in Indonesia we’ve also had discussion with others and so we’re opened to working with partners and have active discussion going on with them.David A. Lipschitz – CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, thanks.
Richard C. Adkerson: I'm going to asked Dave Thornton to come down here and get by the phone. Dave is the guy that runs our moly business. 
Richard C. Adkerson: And so changes can have a dramatic effect over short periods of time. Most molybdenum goes as a metal into steel alloys. A significant part of our production, because of our high grade of molybdenum that we produce at our standalone molybdenum mines in Colorado, Henderson and Climax, goes into higher values from a margin standpoint chemical marketplace where it's used as catalysts in refineries and for other chemical – high-end chemical users. But, with Europe being a substantial steel producer and with some upticks in the steel marketplace, that's created a tightness in a relatively small global marketplace.Garrett Nelson – BB&T Capital Markets:  Okay, that’s great detail. Thanks a lot.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well you are seeing a situation where with the development of the smelter business in China there is more important concentrates in relation that there has been historically but listen Chuck, we commercially sell product into China we sell copper, cobalt occasionally some of it and we worked directly with customers. We’re not traders and you know the numbers you talk about get obscured, because of this issue of how copper flows in and out of these bonded warehouses and so forth and I know it’s a complicated situation we’re not a great source of information for that sort of thing. All I can report on is how we are dealing with customers and normal course of business. And what was seeing is relatively strong demand both for copper and for cobalt. 
Richard C. Adkerson: Yea, well there is a CRU report that came out this morning, I read in the predawn hours and you can look at it and see their commentary on that very subjects.Charles A. Bradford – Bradford Research, Inc.: Well, thank you very much.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well there are capacity limits for building a smelter. The biggest smelters in the world are flash furnace smelters that can produce 400,000 tons a year which say takes 1.6 million tons of concentrate. That plus we actually would not cover us in all years, but our production is variable. Particularly as we make this transition from open pit to total underground operations. So that is one of the complicated issues we're dealing with. I just want to point out something Brian; under the current regulations the export duty applies to all concentrate exports, not just what's net above smelter future to smelter requirements. So that’s one of the issues that’s still under discussions and subject to regulatory changes.Brian T. MacArthur – UBS Securities Canada, Inc.: Okay.
Richard C. Adkerson: Thanks good bye. Thanks Jim thanks Team, everybody’s good work and thank all of you fro being part of our call and your interest in our company. Let David know if you have any follow-up question and we’ll respond to them. Thank s.
James C. Flores: This is Jim. Regarding asset sales, we're looking and exploring all options. The LMP study and discussion we've been having internally is basically maximizing the value of our onshore oil assets. They're long lived, they're low decline, they're the prototype MLP asset in the investment banker and any of your firms will come tell you that aspect of it, but the key is, and foremost, what does it do for the FCX shareholder? And as Richard and Kathleen talked about our balance sheet discipline and with high oil prices, gives us an opportunity to transfer some of that value from the assets themselves to the FCX to shell to form a debt repayment. That being said, we still want to maximize our oil business because of the high margins and the growth. And what we're seeing, this is going to be a long-winded answer to your MLP question, but what we're seeing in the Gulf of Mexico is all the growth potential we have, all the development activity, and the ability to grow that business much faster. So we're in the early stages of getting our hands around rotating out of our onshore oil business at the highest value possible. And the MLP might be a vehicle to do that either internally, or sell, or a joint venture with it existing MLPs, or just sell outright those assets. And monetize those assets, and help accelerate the Gulf of Mexico. What we've found in our modeling is that we can grow faster in the Gulf, and hit the same targets by monetizing the onshore assets and rotating into the offshore business. The MLP discussions or valuations are going to be one part of doing that successfully, because of the valuations for those assets. The current headwinds in the MLP market are severe, with the banks exiting the hedging market and the severe backwardation. You've got 20% to 25% backwardation in the crude oil curve over the next 36 months, yet you've got oil demand never stronger, it's up 1 million, 1.5 million barrels a day worldwide with 3% GDP growth. So there's going to be continued headwinds to doing a traditional MLP of just hedging the oil volumes, levering it up, and selling it to another set of investors. At the same point in time, these properties are to be around for a long, long time. So what you could see is the next several years is us rotating that business, continue to use the excess sales proceeds to reduce the balance sheet, as well as rotate to higher growth assets in the Gulf of Mexico. And the $3 billion to $4 billion target that we've all talked about is going to be underpinned by that activity as well as anything on the mining side.
James C. Flores: And, Oscar, I was reiterating the fact that the Gulf of Mexico as we get further into this we're getting more comfortable with it. We're getting some of the planning and volatility we're starting to see success and results and so forth, and it's really allowing us that more flexibility, as Richard said, to support the aspect of strengthening the balance sheet. And at the same point in time, growing – have a dynamically growing world business to support their long corporations growth long-term. So, as we’re growing to this process it’s nothing like a little low copper prices to make you refine the business strategy and look at things in a different way. And I think it’s going to positive results and everybody that's been involved in the situation and asked stepped up the execution on the operations front has responded. I am just continue to be pleased with our ability to work in tandem to the corporate goals, and at the same point in time ring out some operating excellence and flexibility in each and every business here. And we expect that continue.Oscar Cabrera – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you both. Not questioning the strength of the operation whatsoever. It's more like if you're building a new smelter refinery in Indonesia, then just want to gauge the flexibility on that net debt target. Because the expenditure of $3.5 billion or $4 billion over there, and I know you probably get a joint venture partner, it would be a different story. But anyway, second question…
James C. Flores: Let me make clear on that, just to be specific Oscar. That doesn't include that kind of spending in Indonesia. We are talking with partners, and we also talk with government, about the need I have government incentives to deal with part of that cost. But that's not in the numbers that I talked about. With that something that would have to be dealt with. But there's several moving parts right now.
James C. Flores: Right, and Osacar and the shutting she's talking about are the platform modifications so we can bring on incremental production from the tie backs. As we again thinking about the business everyday and making sure we are making the best decisions that made operational sense to group all those together at the end of 2015 and first quarter of 2016 and so there is so affected production, it wouldn’t be individual well its just timing of us 45 days shut ins for each one of those make in facilities/
James C. Flores: Yes, that was what Kathleen talked about. We had previously planned to shut our Marlin facility down for the entirety of the third quarter of 2014. We've now shift that to the third quarter of 2015. So that's between 30,000 and 40,000 barrels a day that will be on stream here in the fourth quarter, and add to those volumes and those numbers.Paretosh Misra – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
James C. Flores: Sure, John. On page 15, you're talking about the green box in our slide saying Total Net Unrisked Resource Potential of 1.1 billion BOE, barrels of oil equivalent. That was respective to the blocks, the new tracks and new leases that we're the parent high bidder on, and are waiting to be awarded. We're trying to give everybody a feel of what we feel is the resource potential. When we start talking about putting it into a plan to be funded as a CapEx item and refining those plans, we will do it on a risk basis to make sure it's competitive with the rate of returns on a risk basis. But when you're risking 1 billion barrels of oil, you get to a big number. When you start with 1 billion barrels of oil and when you start risking, you get to a big number especially when you're talking about $10 to $15 a barrel, costs may be as low as $5 in some of these cases, some nice big reservoirs when you already have the infrastructure in place. So I appreciate your question to give you a little more.
James C. Flores: I think a little bit of both. I mean obviously, we reduced our rig counts from nine rigs 2.5 years ago to two rigs. And what that means, obviously, is less the completions in the future. We’ve been managing that completion inventory, at the same point in time, the wells have performed better overall in the field. So therefore, it's slowing that decline rate, because they're staying at higher production rates early on in their lives. So as we go forward, the production rates are probably a little conservative going forward. And we probably be adjusting those later this year, as we get a little more time on those curves and feel like we can feel good about projecting giving you tighter projections. But right now, the field continues to outperform on all fronts.Brian T. MacArthur – UBS Securities Canada, Inc.: Great, thank you very much.
