Richard C. Adkerson: Well, Sal, we’ve been working hard to advance our discussions with the government to deal with its review of our Contract of Work and to get the process of – the extension of our contract formally approved by the government. As you know, our contract provides us rights to extend the contract on its existing terms beyond its original term ending in 2021 to 2041. We believe it would be best for all of us, the government of Indonesia, the province, the workforce, and everyone to get these issues resolved as quickly as possible, and we have been working towards that end with that goal. The government officials have expressed a similar goal and we've had productive discussions, but the process has not been organized in a way that has led to a conclusion yet. We are continuing the discussions. I will tell you we've made progress in finding some mutual acceptable ground on a number of the issues and you’re right, the election is for the President, it is scheduled for next year. At this point, Indonesia is an established country with a democratically elected government. And so there is expected to be a continuity in the way the company operates and deals with investors like ourselves. So we’re going to continue to work to get this done as quickly as possible and recognizing the challenges of getting decisions made as we get closer to the election.Sal Tharani – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  And how about the labor side, have you started working…
Richard C. Adkerson: The labor side, okay, excuse me. The labor side is – the union is now getting organized under Indonesian law. There has to be new CLA agreement, labor agreement every two years. And our current contract expires this fall. The formal process of discussions begins May 1 and the initial process is one of exchanging information and having interaction with the union leadership. And so the union and ourselves are getting prepared for that. Union leaders, community leaders and others are all visioning a goal of awarding a strike this year and that’s certainly our objective and we will begin that process formally on May 1.Sal Tharani – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah, in rough terms, it would be a ramp up of DOZ extension and the Deep MLZ, that would end up achieving 80,000 tons per day. Now that’s really the current capacity of the DOZ mine. But we are moving to a resource that’s deeper and adjacent to the DOZ mine and fortunately the initial production from there comes from a section that has very good grades. And so that will help us during the period that we’re transitioning from the open-pit to the Grasberg Block Cave, which lies underneath the open-pit. We currently expect to complete mining in the open-pit, but at the end of 2016 approximately and then over the next four years or so we would ramp that up to 160,000 tons per day and that actually comes from two headings in the Block Cave. In some ways, it will be like having three mines that are currently comparable to what we're doing in the DOZ.Oscar Cabrera – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  And also basically, the plan hasn’t changed. Thank you for that. And then getting back to the issues that the Government and DRC put forward requirements that they have, could you just walk us through what they're asking? My understanding is that they want higher value added in the products leaving the country. You guys are producing copper cathode. But you don’t think that the hydroxide that you’re producing in cobalt, that presumably is going to be exported to your new operations, will be affected by these changes. Can you just walk us through…
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay Oscar, one issue that the DRC looks at and this was also an issue in Indonesia, which led to the 2009 mining well. For certain types of minerals and in the DRC applies to some copper, people are exporting ores. They are just mining the ores and sending it to other countries for smelters and sometimes to the small smelters in the DRC. A lot of the ores will go in to Zambia and in Indonesia, you saw nickel and tin ores going to Japan and the countries say we want to see processing facilities in our country. Now in the DRC, we produce copper cathodes through our FXCW process and that’s a finished product. We produce this intermediate product which is a processed product, cobalt hydroxide and with our move into the processing facilities in Finland, we now have as a partner in that the Gécamines state – mining company, and so we are very comfortable that we’re not the target of these types of restrictions because of what we're doing there.Oscar Cabrera – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, understood. Thanks a lot for the clarification.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah, if you look across all of our metrics when we talk about productivity increase, you can see a higher mine rate in open pit. You can see a higher mine rate in the DOZ underground mine, higher mill rate, higher concentrate production, all those things are heading in the right direction. In the DOZ mine, we are getting to 60,000 to 70,000 tons a day, our capacity is roughly 80,000. So everyday, there’s issues that our guys are dealing with, but there is nothing that’s changing our outlook for continued progress and that’s what you’re seeing in our numbers.Brian H. Yu – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay, great. My second question is, on the site production and delivery costs, guidance is still the same at $1.89. but there’s some material movements across the regions, so for example, South America, site production and delivery costs are coming down quite a bit, while Africa is moving up. I was wondering if you can comment what’s happening maybe in those two that seem to have more material changes in the cost outlook.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. well, John…John Tumazos – John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: Forgive me for being interested.
Richard C. Adkerson: I don’t even know how to respond to that. You have good questions, we’re all interested. John, we like the position that we have in the natural gas industry that will come to us with the Plains and McMoRan acquisition. Plains had a position, a significant position in the Haynesville Shale play, which because of its cost structure is a play that’s uneconomic at lower prices, but becomes very attractive as prices rise. and so that is a good position I have. And then with McMoRan, it has a very positive attributes in terms of its access to very large potential production reservoirs that will unfold over time. and we think the timing of the way that the McMoRan story will come into play, plus having the position in the Haynesville gives us a very attractive position in the natural gas business and the ore business. So initially, we’re going to be focused on executing our financial plan of integrating the companies of managing our debt level to get it down as we go forward. Our management team and our board will have the opportunity to look for investments over a broader set of assets and look to where we can get the best returns. So we’re certainly, as we do in the mining business, we’ll be alert to all potential opportunities. With respect to hedging copper, we fundamentally believe that we can manage price risk through the way we manage our portfolio of assets, the way we’ve structured it, the way that we have the ability to deal with capital expenditures like you talked about shows the ability to defer capital. If we have to, we could do that again. We also have the ability to manage our margins and our costs by the way we run certain of our operations. You may recall that at Morenci in third-quarter of 2008, we had unit operating costs that were nearly $2. Within four, five months we had reduced it to $1.20. Now that reflected the lower input cost, which if the copper price does ramp down, input costs are going to be ramping down because of the way that the correlation between the economics between copper prices and input costs. But we basically have a philosophy of managing price risk in the mining business through operating hedges as opposed to financial hedges. And with CapEx, you’re right. If we have to, we have the ability to defer CapEx going forward. The good thing about our opportunities is that we really have the rights to do that. We’re not compelled by contracts with the government and so forth or other outside parties that force us to spend money at particular points in time. So that gives the flexibility on how to manage cost.John Tumazos – John Tumazos Very Independent Research, LLC: Thank you.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, Kathleen is taking a look through her book here to answer your question specifically. I will say that that’s all built into our numbers that we give you. I mean, as we give you volumes going out for the next three years, that factors in what we expect to produce at Cerro Verde.
Richard C. Adkerson: No, I don’t see that as a risk at all. We have great relationships with the workforce. We haven’t had any sort of really significant issues. When they have issues that are important to us, we respond to them. And the government has been very supportive. That’s a country where people really appreciate jobs and the government appreciates employment. So we haven’t seen any attempts to try to tie-in labor relations with government policy issues. And in fact, Tony, I’m just real pleased with the way we’ve conducted business there. The provincial government, the central government are all very supportive. now having said that, the government is constantly trying to extract money form us in terms of the way they interpret our contract and regulations and that’s an ongoing issue. But that’s just a function of the status of the government. But our relationships with the leadership, its province and the central government have really improved dramatically over the past couple of years.
Richard C. Adkerson: Garrett, we’ve been working around these commodity business for a very long time and so to say never is not something that I will think about. Never is just too strong a word. Now having said that, we are confident about our ability to maintain that dividend. We recognize that it is attractive to investors. When our board made the decision to set it at that level, it was set at a level that was looked at in contemplation of lower commodity prices than the $4 – where it was when we set it and lower prices than where we are today. So we have a commitment to it. I don't think any natural resource company can say definitively that you never do it, because we can all look back in history and see where companies have all had to make adjustments for a difficult scenario. But we do have a confidence in the commitment to it.Garrett S. Nelson – BB&T Capital Markets:  Sure, I mean it seems like the dividend is well covered even at much lower commodity prices.
Richard C. Adkerson: And that’s the way we looked at it when we set it at that level.Garrett S. Nelson – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
Richard C. Adkerson: All right. Well listen, we appreciate everybody’s attention. we look forward to executing our business as we go forward and dealing with these markets, however they might turn out. Always with a really optimistic positive view of our business in the longer-term. So thank you for your participation.
