Richard C. Adkerson: That all comes together, Sal. I mean the government is very positive about our investing now for volumes to produce beyond 2021. Consistently the discussions have been directed towards – are continuing to operate. We have reserves now to 2041, and so we were having a lot of support for what we were doing. It's meaningful to the country. We have a workforce of over 20,000 people there. We pay – taxes are the biggest component of our compensation we pay to the government, but we pay well over $2 billion a year on average for taxes, royalties and dividends and that's meaningful to the country. The issues have been built around this new mining law that was adopted that does not technically apply to us and the aspirations of the people of Indonesia regarding mineral resources. And so, we are engaged in productive discussions to find a way forward that is responsive to those aspirations and protects the interest of our shareholders, but built into this would be a positive response to your question, and that it would give us surety of our situation going forward beyond 2021 and the ability to take advantage of our current reserves and resources.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, it's not to avoid government regulations. I mean we are subject to our contract of work, which sets the basic parameters of how we operate and what our rights and obligations are, and that contract itself has a status of law. For some time now, we've seen benefits to having PT-FI listed on the Indonesian exchange. The government is very positive about that. We believe it would present the Company in a positive way within the country in terms of the way reports are dissimilated and so forth. And so we are pursuing discussions about that and believe that it would be a very positive step for us and the government will view it as positive as well. 
Richard C. Adkerson: Let me just add that that would be a small percentage of PT-FI. PT-FI is a large asset and so we’re talking about a small percentage listing of that which would be a large transaction for the Indonesian exchange. 
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. And then with respect to the mine plan question, Brian, basically we’re looking at a period for open pit mining now they’ll go from now through 2016 and our total copper and gold during that period of time is essentially the same as our previous plans because of the factor that Mark mentioned and because of some of the delays that were caused with mining rates during the labor situation last year. There’s been some shifting of that from our previous plants back, but it’s really minor and now as we return to normal operations, we will be factoring back as to how we can advance volumes forward again. So it’s not in the bigger picture of things. It’s not major changes from what we were previously talking about. 
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah. Tony, this wasn’t something that occurred this quarter. During the labor issues which began mid-September really last year, we were taking steps to try to mitigate this problem which we knew was there. Then some of those disruptions continued as you recall into early 2012. So this was developing and we had plans as to how we would deal with it, and as we physically get into dealing with it, it's taking us a bit longer than we thought it would when we gave our earlier guidance. So it's more of that situation than some new problem that developed this quarter.
Richard C. Adkerson: I should know that right off the top of my head. I don't, and we'll back to you on that. But it's a similar size plant to what we built at our Safford operation when we expanded that. So we'll have an answer to you before the call is over.
Richard C. Adkerson: I don't think so. But it's great to be lucky and good. Jim Bob's on the line, but one of the first things he told me was luck is when preparation meets opportunity. So it's good we're lucky.
Richard C. Adkerson: It varies year-by-year, Oscar. So it's not something you can just say simply. It's disclosed in our 10-Ks, but that metal strip is the schedule that – the way we call it, was established back in 1994 when we negotiated the deal with Rio Tinto. And what we did then was we took the reserves that were in place at that point and the productive capacity that was in place at that point and agreed with them on how that would be produced year by year and then to the extent that actual production in any given year exceeds the metal strip, then that’s shared 60-40. So Freeport gets all of the metals stripped plus 60% of the excess. And so it varies year by year extending to 2021. We’ve made a couple of adjustments for force majeure type items and so forth, but we have those details in our documents and Kathleen’s got…
Richard C. Adkerson: And Oscar, going into the fourth quarter, we'll be doing our companywide planning for our business. And so we'll be able to give you at our next update the results of our detailed planning exercise.
Richard C. Adkerson: The other side of that timeframe is we should have some excellent years leading up to the depletion of the pit, because we'll have very high grades of both copper and particularly gold, we'll have low stripping, we'll be retiring equipment and so forth. So we'll have some – it should be some, very, very attractive times before the pit is depleted.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, that's issues that our Board talks about and they’ll be looking at those things. In the very near term our CapEx are going to basically be absorbing all of our cash flow generation at these prices, because of our CapEx situation. But as I said, financial policy is something that Board looks at, and they will be viewing investment opportunities in relation to available cash and deciding how to manage it. We have a long tradition of returning cash to shareholders as you noted.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we smile when we think about it. So it's going to give the Board a lot of opportunities in deciding this balancing of investment opportunities, returns of cash to shareholders. So it's – as a practical world these are based on models. We live in a complicated world today and so we're going to be focused on achieving these projects, which give us the opportunity to generate these volumes and then the market price of copper and gold, molybdenum and cobalt will determine exactly what those cash flows are. So we've got time now as we work through this and executing our plan and then the Board is going to have a lot of options to it in deciding what to do going forward.
Richard C. Adkerson: We will give you a quarterly update of where we stand with our thinking on Tenke. It's not – we're going to be – the first thing now that we virtually completed this project is what it’s actually going to do. Are we going to be able to optimize it as we did the initial project? I think our original design capacity for our mill there was 8,000 tons per day. It operated at 12,000 tons, which was a huge upside for us. So we were able to buy some additional mining equipment. That allowed us to expand processing equipment. So now I’ve just got to tell you how proud I am of our team over there and operating in a challenging environment, as I am with the Americas which we’ve done great and Indonesia, our team has met the challenges there in effective way. But the first step will be to see exactly how this system operates in the way you design systems. Your hope is, our experience has been is that you better than design and that’s what we’re going to see where that happens and then we’ll go from there. In the meantime, we’re going to be continuing to do a lot of drilling and to do a lot of metallurgical work on how long run to deal with this big sulfide next-door opportunity that we had and I would say our work over the past, year, 18 months has been very encouraging about that.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, the answer is yes. You can just look at share price performance over recent years. It's not just changing valuations, but also the uncertainties in today's world and I think has an impact on company's willingness to invest in projects pursue opportunities for M&A. As a company, we are constantly looking for opportunities. We have internal discussions. We have others proposing ideas. We talk about it with our Board. So, we always have our eyes open for opportunities. The base case for our company is one that's focused on organic growth and that opportunity became much more significant for us than we anticipated after we completed the Phelps Dodge deal. We looked at the economics of that deal on the basis of our positive view of our copper markets and their production profile. We've done a lot of work since then and have added 45 billion, 50 billion pounds of copper reserves that's given us a lot of internal growth opportunities. Lots of times in the M&A world, you can't predict opportunities that are going to come to you. We certainly didn't predict the timing or the opportunity for us to acquire Phelps Dodge. But the stars and moon – the stars aligned for us, financing market is aligned for us and we were able to do it. So we are always alert to opportunities. We have our base case for our Company that's very attractive and it's one that we are aggressively pursuing.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah, it's a very difficult situation in South Africa. Other countries have had things. Our situation in the DRC with our labor group has been very positive. We just signed an agreement there. That country is one in which has very difficult financial situation. 65 million people with $12 billion to $14 billion of G&P. It's $200 a person. In the United States it's almost $50,000 a person. So in the community and with workers, people are very appreciative of what we’re doing there. We made the largest investment so far in the history of the country. We’re giving employment right now with construction workers. We have about 9,000 people working there. The vast majority of those are Congolese. We’re doing community development. Government officials from the President to the Mines Minister to the Governor of Katanga are all very positive about what we’re doing. We’re being sensitive to workers there, paying them well, providing benefits, and so far we’ve had very good relations with them. This whole issue globally though with workforces is a challenge for the industry and one that’s caused production disruptions, which has led to copper market implications and that’s not likely to go away.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, thanks everyone for their attention. We’re pleased to have this chance to review our business with you and look forward to other progress as we execute our plans. Thanks.
Mark J. Johnson: Yeah. On the panel repair, first of all typically in the DOZ, we’ve experienced over time about 5% to 10% of our drop points are down for some type of repair. During this period of time right now we’re up close to a third of our active drop points are in a repair process. These drop points, a lot of them are the older drop points to begin with. Some of them were built in the weaker area of the mine, the more friable ground. So that’s played a role. The impact of the labor disputes, the pipeline situation that we had last year, also added to our concerns there on the panels and these repairs and a lot of times the panel is in a state where it takes a very intensive repair, a lot of steel sets, a lot of concrete and really we don’t, until we get into those panels and start repairing them, sometimes we’re not completely aware of what might be done, needs to be done. So we’re the process. It takes very experienced miners. It takes a very methodical process to get them repaired. We feel good about our process in getting these open backed up. So we’re working through that. We have five panels right now that are undergoing repair. We get one of those panels back in the fourth quarter of this year and then over the course of 2013 we’ll be bringing these on sequentially.
Mark J. Johnson: The panels are essentially our access to the – it’s the drift where we access the draw points. We have various levels of ground support. Some areas in the very good ground we just put shotcrete, very light roof bolt support. In these areas, as we repair them, it's very extensive. It’s steel sets, essentially re-concreted in. We re-support the ground essentially in a very engineered and structured way. So it does involve roof bolts. There’s a variety of roof support, ground support throughout these deals relative to the ground conditions in the specific area.
Mark J. Johnson: One of the – with block caving, one of things is is that once you start mining the area, it’s not a mining method that’s easily shot off and restarted. As I had mentioned, some of these draw points that we’re repairing may have needed repair regardless of the labor situation and the pipeline situation that we dealt with last year, but both of those issues exacerbated the potential for damage. And like I said, it’s difficult in a block cave once you start pulling an area, to keep the stresses off of the panels, to keep the ground support intact, you want to keep pulling each area in a very engineered and controlled fashion. We had disruptions last year during all of the issues that we dealt with and it certainly played a role in the situation we’re dealing with today.
Mark J. Johnson: As Kathleen said, as we start up the Deep MLZ and the Grasberg Block Cave, we start those off in the highest grade portion of the ore bodies. So as we are ramping tons up, we are experiencing some of the better grades available to us in both those deposits.
Kathleen L. Quirk: But as we – the reason why we have the plant is as we go forward we've got – and as part of our long-term plans, we've got ore that has higher acid consumption. And so as part of the long range planning. We have timed in the addition of an acid plant. We also supplement from time to time purchases of acid. But it's more cost effective for us to actually buy the sulfur and logistically better for us to buy the sulfur and convert it to acid.
Kathleen L. Quirk: But just on average, Oscar, if you look at the 2013 to 2016 aggregate Grasberg production of 1.4, our share of that would be roughly 1.3, and at gold of 2.1 our share would be roughly 1.9. And as Richard said, it varies year to year, but they get 40% of the increment above what the strip is. And in year when we’re below the strip like this year, we make that up first. But on average we will be getting 1.3 out of the 1.4 and 1.9 out of the 2.1 during this period of time.
Kathleen L. Quirk: It’s mainly a timing thing, Oscar, as we looked at where we were and look at the outlook for the year, mostly on projects moved into 2013 and some of the 2013 moved into 2014. So it's not a kind of across the board timing. We put together these forecast based on the best estimates, but sometimes these actual spends lie in the quarter or two and that ends up deferring money into next year and then we've got some that’s deferred into 2014. So we are spending about $1.5 billion in sustaining capital and then the balance is in our projects.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Okay. Just in terms of the volumes that Richard was talking about, as we look at the ramp up period going from 2016 into 2025, we're expecting on average aggregate copper price – I mean copper volumes to be around the lower 1.4 and gold to be 1.8, which would – our share of that would be roughly 1.1 and 1.4 for copper and gold and then longer term we’re expecting average in the whole underground era have an aggregate production of 1.6 and 1.4. As we look at costs underground, as we’ve talked about on previous calls, we don’t have the stripping to do. It’s essentially all coming out as ore. And so we’re able to – and these are large scale operations, and so we’re able to have a very efficient cost structure. We’re actually projecting costs in the underground era that will look very much like the type of costs on a net unit cost basis of what we’ve enjoyed during the open pit era and would be significantly less than $0.40 per pound at current gold prices. So we’re going to have a period of time in ‘16, ’17 and ’18 as we’re ramping up where as the open pit depletes and we’re not quite up to the 240 rates in undergrounds, we’ll have some lower throughput, but as Richard said, we’ve got high-grade material coming from Deep MLZ and so that transition in terms of metal production is better than what you’ll see through the mill. But as we look forward, these underground projects are very, very attractive. The economics are compelling, some of the best in the company and we had a record during the third quarter in terms of development progress and we’re very optimistic about being able to establish a very large scale low-cost underground operation.
Kathleen L. Quirk: To just to come back to Tenke and the asset plans that Paretosh asked about, the plant that we are planning to come in in the 2015 timeframe would have a capacity of about 1,400 tons per day. The existing plant there has 800 tons per day, but the new plant will be similar size to our Safford acid plant that we put in recent years which has a similar capacity.
Kathleen L. Quirk: If we look at the breakeven of the project in terms of getting a 10% after-tax return, the price of copper is about $2.80,$2.85, and then of course as you move up to higher copper prices, at $4 copper, you are approaching 20% returns – after tax returns. So as we look the projects that we have currently, our Tenke project which is nearly complete is the most attractive on just a breakeven copper price. And then Morenci would be in between Tenke and Cerro Verde.
