Richard Adkerson: Thank you, David, and thank you all for joining us. We're really pleased today to report our first quarter results. They reflect a continuation of Freeport's long-running success in executing our business plans. Kathleen will present our results, as David said, and then we'll answer your questions. Kathleen will become Freeport's CEO, effective with our Annual Shareholders Meeting on June 11. I will continue as Chairman and support Kathleen and our management team on important strategic issues and external relations. This will be the most seamless management transition in history. There's been a 20-year transition, in fact. Coincidentally, Kathleen joined Freeport shortly after I did 35 years ago and I've been an adviser to the company for the previous two decades. She advanced through our finance group to become CFO when I became CEO 20 years ago. And since then, she has been integral to the management of the company. When I became Chairman three years ago, I made a personal commitment to build a sustainable Board and a sustainable management team. And since that time, we've added six high-quality independent directors, new directors, which together with our continuing directors comprise a very strong independent board to represent our shareholders. We bolstered our staff with internal promotions and external hires. Freeport is strongly positioned for the future, and I'm personally proud to be able to say that at this point. 20 years ago, we made a strategic commitment to copper based on the fundamentals of supply and demand for the commodity. The validity of that commitment has never been more evident, and the best is yet to come. My personal enthusiasm for Freeport's future has never been stronger. I cannot be more pleased with our Board and with our management team under Kathleen's leadership. Kathleen, I'll turn the call over to you for your slides.
Richard Adkerson: Let me just add one point on the broader copper market implications of that question. Kathleen described very well the things we’re doing within our company. And when you look back at our cost history in relation to general inflation, we’ve done a good job with our supply chain team. But the shocking amount of overruns on the major project in Chile, but elsewhere and also the political situation in Panama, as I talk with CEOs around the industry, makes us all step back and say we have to be careful. We have to be careful because the overruns are more than just simply inflation. And we’re still trying to get our arms around what’s going on with these projects to cause them to be delayed and to have the kind of cost situations they have. At the end of the day, this is just another major element for the positive outlook for copper prices. I mean, if these problems were easily solved and this is a tough business, you wouldn’t have the supply shortfalls that we’re having. And that’s been a major factor from seeing the recent run up in copper prices. And it’s also something that’s very supportive for the longer-term outlook for copper prices.
Richard Adkerson: Sure. I’ve been going to Indonesia now for all my career with Freeport over 35 years, and our relationships have never been better. I was just in Washington Friday evening for a reception to celebrate 75 years of positive relationships between the U.S. government and the Republic of Indonesia and the Finance Minister, Sri Mulyani and the Central Bank Governor Perry were there. And I wish you all could just hear the positive things that were set around this table of a number of companies and a number of Indonesian government officials about the current way that Freeport is viewed and how positive they see our partnership is in building PT-FI, which is an Indonesian company and to be in such a success for all the stakeholders.
Richard Adkerson: Let me just say that we have gotten – we have an agreement with the government on the structure beyond 2041. There's no controversy over that, and there's general support for it. The – I believe the fact that the election occurred and we just went through Ramadan is having an effect on the timing, but we're very pleased. I mean it's important to know that we currently under our existing permit have no rights to anything beyond 2041. And it makes no sense for any stakeholder to have this operation run without having a long-term plan for it in terms of doing more drilling to understand what resources are there, doing long-term planning or how those resources will be developed. The Indonesian – our Indonesian shareholder mines ID understands that. The Ministry of Mines understands that the President's Office does as well. So I'm confident we're going to be able to get that. As always, there's uncertainties as to when the actual formalities will be concluded to grant the regulations to allow us to continue. But there's no real controversy about the structure going forward.
Richard Adkerson: I can't tell you what a great job our team down there has done. I visited recently and I mean, just the spirit, the relationships with the local community. And as you all know, Peru is a very complicated country and has a lot of issues politically and economically to deal with, but it is just an uplifting experience to see what our team has done down there. I had some friends with me and to see an operation where we're moving 400,000 – over 400,000 metric tons of material a day, that's the equivalent of 80,000 street dump trucks moving material in a single day. And so it's an inspiration quite frank, for me to see it. The community supports us. We've got a great workforce. We're actually bringing some of our Peruvian operating people to work in Arizona and New Mexico to support our operations there, but it's an uplifting place to go for me.
Richard Adkerson: But one thing, John. Kathleen, let me say one thing to John before you answer the question, Kathleen. And I've seen some of your writings, John, and the minority ownership in PT-FI came about from the Rio Tinto deal in the mid-1990s, and that really hasn't changed. That just was transferred to the government of Indonesia and that joint venture interest was converted to shares. But in 2018, Freeport, through the agreement that we reached, maintained virtually the same economic interest in the mine that we've had all along. So this wasn't something that happened because of the government, but because of a deal that was cut back in the mid-1990s. And you know, the, when you look through it, and I talk with our Americas people and our people in the U.S. about it, because even though our mines in the U.S. are low grade, because of the fact we have a very favorable income tax situation in the U.S., bolstered by net operating loss carryforwards, we own our lands in fees, so there's no royalties. We get community support for schools and hospitals and our workers. We don't have to provide for the same things we do overseas that we do overseas. And so the profitability of those mines is really very attractive. And that's what makes these growth opportunities in the U.S. so attractive for Freeport. You and I both remember a time when people thought the Southwest copper district was dead. And right now it's a big part of the future for our country in terms of providing the copper resource needed for the energy transition and electrification broadly. But also it's a great opportunity for our shareholders to create value for Freeport, to create value for our shareholders.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. And a lot is understating it. It is massive, what we have the opportunity to develop from what's already owned by Freeport from our existing stockpiles and Kathleen mentioned our historical stockpiles. So yes, an opportunity came along, but I'm not expecting it. I think that we're going to be able to grow tremendous amounts of value doing with what we have, which now the company really has, others have opportunities. No one else has it in this kind of scale that we do.
Kathleen Quirk: Thanks, Liam. In terms of the U.S. operations, what we're faced with right now is very low ore grades, the lowest ore grades we've had in – since 2010. So that is structurally a challenge for us. Over the last couple of years, we've also been dealing with labor shortages in the U.S. and needing to make sure that our people are trained and can gain the efficiencies that we've had in 2019 before COVID. We're making really good progress with the work that we're doing. It's not easy work. It's hard work every single day, but we know what the work is. And we've got to make sure that our equipment is operating that we're getting the asset efficiencies in our equipment that we should be getting. If we look back over the last couple of years, we haven't gotten the asset efficiencies that we've had historically. And so we've been working on that. We've been working on maintenance to make sure that our equipment health is strong; we're working on training of a workforce that's less experienced. And it's just basic blocking and tackling, but the headwind is the ore grades. And we're really happy with the results of the leach initiative, and that's provided us with some benefits as we've gone through these lower ore grades. But we still think we have a lot of potential. And we're making the progress. We've got detailed scorecards of what we're doing every day in all the drivers of what makes us efficient. Everybody is focused on it. We're also focused on technology advancements. You read about the advancements we have at Bagdad, where we're looking to convert the haul truck fleet there to fully autonomous. We've got all kinds of technology initiatives available to us that we haven't had historically. And I think that is a key driver for us also as we look at improving our North American operations. But we think we do have opportunities within the portfolio, within the North American portfolio to increase production as we gain productivity and that’s the 200 million pound a year range. And that’s a focus of ours and I think we’re on the path. It doesn’t happen overnight, but it takes working every day and discipline around it. But we know what to focus on. Regarding your question at Bagdad, we’ve got the study done. What we’re focused on there is really this workforce situation where we want to make sure that when we go forward with the project that we can do it efficiently and that we can deliver the project within the capital cost estimates and within the timeframes. And so we want to take our time in doing additional work, de-risking the plan as we go forward over the next 18 months. And then once we get this autonomous fleet converted, we’ll be in a position to reassess the situation and be in a position to move forward. It’s not – in an ordinary environment, it’s not a complex project. It’s a brownfield project where we have a substantial history in the district. The issue really gets to the labor market conditions and also, we want to continue to monitor the copper markets, et cetera, as we always do. But this is a very executable plan if we can deal with the workforce challenges that we have in Arizona, which is a very competitive place right now given all the activity in the state. With respect to El Abra, we’re looking at the current operation, which is very small relative to the size of Freeport, has got life to it over the next several years and will start to decline, probably give us another 10 years, but we have some water. We’ve got to get some water extensions and things that we’re working on there. But the El Abra project is very exciting from the standpoint of the resource. It’s very large. It’s not in our current reserves. And so we have the ability to add reserves of scale. In terms of the overall project, like I mentioned, we’ve done a lot of work on it. We feel very good about being able to execute it. But the things that we’re working on there are really going back and looking at our capital cost estimates really stress testing those, understanding what happened at other projects in Chile and figuring out, make sure we’re comfortable that the economics of the project are as good as they look initially. And that’s what we’re testing now. The long lead time in Chile is because of the permitting requirements. It takes an extended period of time to get the data necessary to file the application. And then as you know, there’s a review period that can span two to three years. And I know Chile is working to streamline its permitting that would be helpful for us as well. But really, what we’re focused on there is getting to a point where we can file the environmental impact statement and then that will give us additional optionality. But there’s good value in that project for us.
Kathleen Quirk: In terms of the leaching initiatives, when you look at our reported cash costs, you have to consider that until we add additional pounds to the stockpiles. What we’re recording as our average cost is reflective of our average cost of per unit and stockpiles. So as we gain more confidence, the denominator will drop, so we’re pulling those pounds out now out of the stockpiles are reflecting like a $3 average cost. When in reality, the incremental cost is closer to $1. So as we get more confidence and we’re able to add more pounds, multiyear amounts of this leach reserve, you'll see that unit costs come down. But in terms of your analysis, it may be shy of the $4 you're talking about, but we are in a lower grade area of the North America right now. And so our unit costs are relatively high compared to historical levels. We've had cost inflation as everybody has seen, but the other area where we're focused on is more on the things that we can control. And we've seen some of the inflationary pressures moderate, but the things that we want to continue to work on is to avoid unplanned maintenance, to avoid – to reduce our maintenance costs. And also as we get more workers within our own team, and we get those workers trained up, it will reduce our reliance on contractors, which has been a big cost for us. And that's what we've had to do during this period of the labor challenges is rely more on contractors, and so right now, we're really rationalizing contractors and training up our people to be able to do this work. So the leach opportunity, big picture, is really going to be a step change, though, as we go forward in the U.S. And if we're able to be successful in adding another 200 million pounds from the leach initiative at a very low incremental cost and improving our technology – I mean, our productivity gains, you'll see our costs start to trend a lot lower in the U.S., and that's what we're focused on. That's what Josh and his team are focused on. Maree is very focused on it as well and her team. So we're all over this, Chris.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. It's just coming out at the average when we report it. And the way it will come down on our financial books is with an increase in estimates and future estimates, because the costs are spread over what's remaining in the stockpiles. And as we add more volumes to the stockpiles, that will reduce the incremental cost and be reflective really truly of what's really occurring.
Kathleen Quirk: From a cash flow standpoint, it doesn't affect cash flow. So the cash flow, we really are getting the benefit of the incremental cost below $1.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. Well, we have been executing under the policy. We've distributed since we started the policy, 50% of our available cash flow. And so all the items that you cite and that excludes the smelter, but all the items that you cite are building to give us more cash that will be available for distribution. And we'll continue to file that policy of higher prices is going to be more cash flows and more cash returns to shareholders. And that is the policy.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. I think those issues have moderated a bunch, and we're getting more into a stable situation, while it's higher than it has been. It is more stable. For instance, when we were going out for bids for things a year or two ago, you might get one bidder on a project. And now things are opening up some more for us. So on that part, I think it's stabilized now. We’ll continue to test it. And whenever we run our projects and run our economics, we always look at a range of what the capital costs are and what the sensitivities are to higher or lower capital spend. But in terms of the extremes that we have seen in the recent years, we’re not encountering that right now. And in terms of commodity input costs and things, they’ve been more moderate and more stable than we’ve seen in some time. We all know that that can change, but it has been more stable. The things that we need to work on are particularly in the U.S. of this issue I mentioned with respect to the labor force and the experience levels and with contractors. And the third thing, and one of the most important is reliable asset efficiency. And so those are the challenges that we have and we’re working on them. I feel very confident that we’re turning the corner on that. We’re continuing to make good progress on really driving efficiency within the U.S. operations. We haven’t had the issue in South America and in Indonesia. We’ve got a much more stable workforce, much more experienced workforce. We’ve also benefited there from a stronger dollar. So many of our – much of our labor cost is in foreign currency. So we have benefited there from a stronger dollar and have not seen, obviously haven’t seen that benefit in the U.S. But we do believe there are some things within our control that we’re focused on now. And now that things have moderated some with inflation. We’ve got a clear focus on being as efficient as we can, recognizing that low grades becomes a challenge. But we want to do better than inflation. I mean, that’s what we want to make sure that we can overcome inflation in our costs with productivity gains and efficiency gains. And we’ve got technologies available to us that we haven’t had in the past. And I think as a company, we’re going to be leaning a lot more into innovation as a tool to help us with productivity.
Kathleen Quirk: And delivery of the smelter is an important part of that. And the government is very pleased with the progress we've made in getting the smelter to a point where it can be commissioned next quarter – this quarter.
Kathleen Quirk: Lawson, it's not without challenges this team has demonstrated, as Richard said, that they can – they're very resilient team and can deal with a lot of different challenges. But water is something that is always a concern. We did with our expansion almost 10 years ago to put in a water treatment facility, and we provide clean water to the community, and it also supports our own operations. But particularly during this time where we've been through El Nino and droughts and there's always a focus on water, but the ore is there, the resource is there, and the team has got – we've got the assets there and the team has got really good work practices. And as Richard said, the relationship with the community is top-notch.
Kathleen Quirk: John, I was just going to point you to the press release. There's some, in the back of the press release, there's some segment analysis, and you can look at the segments we show, how much the U.S. mines contributed, etcetera. And if that doesn't answer your question, just follow up with us afterward.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, we're focused on – I mean, we've got almost 40 billion pounds in our own in our inventory. And that doesn't include some really old areas where we're not active. But yes, I mean, to answer your question, it does give us some interest in some things that may have this opportunity to be able to apply our know-how to it. But we're really focused on our own organic situation. If an opportunity came available that had this, we would be interested in seeing what we could make out of it. But we've got a lot within our portfolio to be able to get substantial value for our shareholders from.
Kathleen Quirk: Thanks, everyone, for all your good questions today and your interest in Freeport, and we look forward to reporting in the future on our progress.
