Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Our results were released earlier this morning and a copy of the press release and slides for today's call are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on this call will include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. On the call today are Richard Adkerson, Chief Executive Officer of FCX; Red Conger, President of our Americas business; Mark Johnson, President of our Indonesian Operations; and Mike Kendrick, President of Climax Molybdenum. I'll start by briefly summarizing our financial results and then will turn the call over to Richard, who'll review our performance and outlook using the prepared slide presentation. As usual, after our formal remarks, we'll open up the call for questions. Today, FCX reported net income attributable to common stock of $268 million, or $0.18 per share for the second quarter of 2017. The results from the second quarter include net gains of $27 million, or $0.01 a share associated with a number of special items which are detailed on VIII of our press release. After adjusting for these net gains, second quarter adjusted net income attributable to common stock totaled $241 million, or $0.17 a share. Our EBITDA or adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation for second quarter totaled $1.2 billion. We've got a reconciliation of our EBITDA calculation on the last page of out slide deck. Our sales for the second quarter totaled 942 million pounds of copper, 432,000 ounces of gold, and 25 million pounds of molybdenum. Our sales volume for copper were about 3% below our April 2017 estimates. That primarily reflected the impact of the worker absenteeism on our mining and milling rates in Indonesia. The second quarter average realized copper price was $2.65 a pound. That was over 20% above the year-ago quarter average of $2.19 per pound, and gold prices averaged $1,243 for the quarter. Our average unit net cash cost on a consolidated basis averaged $1.20 per pound of copper in the second quarter, that was lower than the unit net cash cost of $1.33 per pound in the second quarter of 2016 and it was also in line with our guidance. Operating cash flows during the quarter totaled $1 billion; those exceeded our capital expenditures of $362 million in the quarter. Year-to-date, we've generated operating cash flows of $1.8 billion, which have exceeded our year-to-date capital spending of $700 million. At June 30, our consolidated debt totaled $15.4 billion and we ended the quarter with $4.7 billion in consolidated cash. Net debt is $1.1 billion lower than the start of the year and notably $9.5 billion less than the start of 2016. We had no borrowings under our revolving credit facility and approximately $3.5 billion available at the end of June. At June 30, FCX had 1.45 billion common shares outstanding. I'd now like to turn the call over to Richard, who will be using the slide presentation materials on our website.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: We cut it by about 25% earlier this year, Chris, but nothing has changed in recent months on it. We're evaluating it on a month-by-month basis.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: We'll know more as we mine through some sections. And Mark Johnson is on the line. He can add to this. But we'll know more as we conduct mining to see if we can, in fact, access ore that would have been mined underground over time. And the benefit of taking it from the open pit is you can get it now as opposed to getting it over several years in the future. But it's on the order and we'll know more as we get into it, but it's on the order of couple hundred million pounds of copper and 500,000 ounces of gold. Mark, I don't know if you want to add anything further to that.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: And we have been following protocol with respect to ground support, et cetera. And this mine is requiring investment in significant ground support, more than what we've had in the DOZ, for instance. But the good news is that all of that is – with this significant event we had in June, all of that held up very well.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: John, on page 6 of the slide, you can see it's the biggest next to Cerro Verde, the biggest resource in the 266 billion pounds of copper.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: And to the extent that we can defer it and maintain efficiencies, we continue to look at opportunities to do that. But as you see here, in 2017, we're spending very little on sustaining capital in the Americas and we've got some things as Richard said that we're planning to do for 2018. But teams all focused on, if there are things that we can do to push things out, we'll do it. But we want to maintain the integrity of our equipment.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Slide 13, I'm sorry. And you can see this is now net of the sale of our Tenke mine that we sold in the Congo to China Molybdenum and the incremental interest in Morenci that we sold to our partner Sumitomo. So that's what our sales look like. EBITDA and cash flows for 2018 now at $1,250 gold, $7.50 molybdenum and copper prices varying from $2.50 to $3 are shown on slide 14. You can see that goes from just over $5.5 billion of EBITDA to about $7.5 billion over that range. And with cash flows going from $3.4 billion to $4.8 billion, we're highly leveraged to copper. Each $0.10 is $280 million and before this call, we were close to $0.10 up today. Capital expenditures show the termination of capital spending in the oil and gas business and we currently are continuing to invest in the Grasberg Block Cave which has for 2017, $700 million of investment and $750 million for 2018. With the agreement with Government of Indonesia, we'll proceed with that. If we are unexpectedly unable to reach an agreement with the government, then we would take the steps of stopping that spending, it would be a major adjustment to our activities at PT-FI and would have a deferral in the ramp-up, which in blockade mining, it takes a period of time to ramp up once you start the mining operations, which we can't do at the Grasberg Block Cave until we finish mining the open pit. So, our current plan is to do this. If we're not to be successful in our discussions with the government, those CapEx would be suspended for major adjustments in our operations and we would be moving on to a resolution through arbitration, which we don't want, the government doesn't want, that's why the momentum is to find the solution. And that's what our plans are based on. Kathleen and her team did a great job in amending and extending the Cerro Verde credit facility. The details of that are on page 16. As we go forward, we will continue to look for steps of managing our balance sheet and our maturities over long periods of time. It was a very highly successful syndication and it reflects the strength of this great asset. And one of the – maybe the best thing that came out of this asset restructuring and capital raising activity that we did in last year was that we kept Cerro Verde and we're building our company around it as we go forward in the future. You can see our debt reductions going from over $20 billion to net debt now being $10.7 billion, and then where that would move to with just using cash flows. We're no longer looking at any kind of capital raising through sales of stock or sales of assets. We'll do some small sales of assets in ordinary course of business, but as I said, we basically reached our goals with our balance sheet. And now we're focused on safe production from our current sets of assets with this great team of operators and development and we got the financial strength to go forward. And we're focused on resolving the situation in Indonesia and we currently believe we're seeing good progress with that, and then looking for the day of when the market will be such that we will be investing in growth in our assets and looking for opportunities outside of our company. We're all focused on building shareholder value; that's all we're about and we look for alternative ways of doing that because that's our job at the end of the day. So, with that, we will open the line for questions.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Okay. So with your first question, I want to make sure that we're clear on this. There is the Block Cave underground development activities. And then there is the startup of the Deep MLZ mine, which is beginning – it's moving to its operating phase. The development activities now are focused in the underground Block Cave at the Grasberg mine underneath the pit. Okay. And that's a major development project that we've literally been working on for eight years or so and developing access to it and getting that mine prepared to start up when we complete mining in the pit. We did reduce some of our capital spending when we were facing the issues with the government that emerged in January of 2017. But we've made a decision so far to keep spending on that development activities and nothing has changed during the quarter on that.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: And moving to your second question, as we continue to develop this and as we're completing mining at the pit, as you would expect, there is ongoing efforts to try to optimize the mining at the final stages of operations at the pit. And Mark Johnson and his team are looking at ways of adjusting pit slopes – deepening pit slopes, looking at ways that we can take advantage of our existing fleet of open pit mining equipment, the shovels and trucks and so forth. Some of that's been delayed by this issue of the export ban. There was a period of time of where the smelter in Indonesia was down earlier this year. So that's given us opportunities and time to see how can you optimize the final stages of mining from the pit. And that's what we're talking about there. Then we move over to the Deep MLZ mine, of where we had completed the initial stages of development, in Block Cave mining there is ongoing development activities that occur once you start the caving operations. But we were in the startup of actually developing the draw points for the operations through a combination of undercut development and mining material from the draw points as they started out when we ran into this issue related to this mining and do seismic activity. And so, we stepped back from that for a period of time and we're sequentially approaching undercut development and mucking mining, which we were doing together before until we get to the point of where the caves are operating in a normal fashion. So that's a separate issue from the underground development at the Grasberg Block Cave.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, what we have is an effort that's designing a solution in one agreement to address all of these issues. We both have agreed that we're going to have a global solution to the issues as a package and the keys from the government standpoint are the ones that you mentioned. They want to see divestment. Their objective is to have, over time, a point where we reach a 51% ownership by Indonesian interest. Currently 9.36% is owned by the government. They've set a strong objective of seeing new smelter capacity developed in Indonesia and then preserving the fiscal revenues from taxes and royalties that the government has because that's important to us. From our standpoint, our objective is having the government approve our rights to an extension that we have under our existing contract. And that goes to 2041 and that – and to have that approval, have fiscal and legal terms that have assurances and a commitment by the government to those over time, so that they can't be changed by subsequent laws and regulations. And that any divestment that occurs – and we're talking at this final stages about we had originally agreed to 30%, the government wanted 51%, so that's a matter to be dealt with in the final negotiations. But whatever that comes up to that any divestment be done, so that we are paid a fair value for the divested shares. And that Freeport – there is an agreement that Freeport will continue as operator and we have to – to do that, we have to have the rights to operate the business as we determine it should be operated and that we also have control over the governance of the operations. And so, those are the issues. And we've agreed to deal with them as a package and that's what we are doing as we speak.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: No. We have a lot of interest as you can imagine both with that and with the Kisanfu exploration, a property that's near Tenke, which we had an agreement with China Moly that they would have a right to negotiate with us on it. We weren't able to reach an agreement with them on the valuation. There's been such a change in the cobalt market, of course, since we closed our transaction on Tenke. And we've had a lot of incoming interest. We're having discussions with people, but we haven't established a formal process for how to go forward.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Yes. Well, I guess, from our perspective, this is not a big laundry list of items. I mean, it is divestment, smelter, fiscal terms, extension and those – it's really four items. There has been a significant movement within the Indonesian government of where I think coming from the senior level of government there is a real objective of wanting to get this resolved now that we just haven't seen in the past. And so, we remain focused on getting an agreement done this year and that is consistent with what the government's objective is as well. So there's a lot of things going on within Indonesia and its economy, their geopolitical issues that we read about everything in the paper in Southeast Asia. There is political developments as always within the Indonesian government, and all those things are coming to bear. We are having a – we're seeing a much greater interest by officials in the U.S. government in this administration to be supportive of businesses generally, but particularly, our situation in Indonesia. We're working – it's our responsibility to negotiate with the government and that's what we're doing. But there is a lot of circumstances that are leading us to a point of where we're at the point we are now of working to get an agreement. And if it can be done, now is the time going to be to do it. I mean, we're clear this is the effort that we're going to pursue. It's not going to be any memorandums of understanding or assurance letters or any of the things we've had in the past, but we're running this to ground right now.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: If we're unsuccessful, then that's the recourse that each party has to resolve a dispute. We gave notice about – of the dispute earlier this year. There was a 120-day notice period that has now run its course. So at this point, either party is free to initiate arbitration proceedings. And as you can imagine, we're doing a lot of behind-the-scenes work to prepare for that if it's something we have to do. We feel very strong about our legal position in this, but we also recognize that it's not desirable for either party to go that route. And so we're in effect reserving our rights, the government has rights as well, but we're working together to get this resolved and that's – and we're approaching it – we're both approaching it I think for maybe the first real time before there is a consistent point of view about wanting to get it resolved.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, what's going on as we're doing this is the activity in the pit is ramping down, whereas once we were mining 800,000 tons a day, there were some days we even had a million tons a day, metric tons of mining in the pit. Today, our plan calls for about 100,000 tons. So, there is less work being done in the pit and that's where this absenteeism was focused. And what we're doing is rather than hiring new employees is working through contractors to hire people, often people who are experienced in coal mining and other activities for our truck operations and so forth. So, it is taking some time, but we're close back to meeting our plans with activity as we speak now. And all this activity really has not had a significant impact in our underground development activities. That's a separate set of workers, they haven't been, in large part – they weren't involved in this absenteeism, while you read about a strike – there has not been a formal strike declared. The union tops have called for a strike, but in any event, it's not like the workforce went on strike, there were some workers that didn't come to work. And unfortunately after notification, some of them have lost their jobs and that's not good for anybody, but we've had to manage it that way to keep control of our operations.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So, repeating some of the things you said, the contract was signed in 1991. It had a 30-year primary term and it contained provisions giving us the right to two 10-year extensions of that contract. It wasn't like a renegotiating contract. And that came about because that's what Indonesian law allowed at that time. Under the Indonesian law at 1991, they only had the right to issue a 30-year contract. So, what you have in Indonesia and any other country is a sovereign government which has the right to adopt whatever laws and regulations they decide they should adopt. And Indonesia passes new mining law in 2009, which triggered the current controversy between us. The protection that we have under our contract and the protection that we are insisting be preserved going forward is that if in fact the government does change its mine as you say and takes actions through laws, regulations or whatever to take value away from what we're entitled to under our agreement, then we have the right to go to international arbitration, a legal proceeding that is structured to be fair, not something that goes through the Indonesian court system and we would have the right to financial compensation for actions that the government has taken. We have that right now because the contract says very clearly, the government can't restrict exports, well, the government has restricted exports in the past. The government is obligated to give us this extension. They haven't approved the extension yet. And what we've tried to do Mike and some of these things are uncontrollable, some of them are under our control and what we try to do is find a way to preserve the values for our shareholders and be responsive to the aspirations and desires of the government and find a compromise. But as part of that compromise, we are insisting that we retain going forward the rights to international arbitration and the rights to financial claims if the government subsequently doesn't honor the contract.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, let's see. We would have completed mining the open pit last year, in 2016. And if you go back and review what our plans were, then we would have had an extraordinary year in 2015 and 2016, over 3 million ounces of gold and large copper billings. But for 2017, we would have completed mining the pit and we would be ramping up the Deep MLZ. So, remember we used to talk about that falloff, the wedge and we were talking about how to offset that through stockpiles and things. So, we would have had extraordinary years in 2015-2016. You can go out and assume we didn't do the oil and gas deal. That would have made a difference. We wouldn't have been selling assets and doing all the selling stock and doing all the things we had to do to pay that debt off. So, I'll answer your question, but I don't allow myself to go back and say, would have, could have, should have deal. We're in the here and now. We have control over a lot of things including some of the issues with the government and we're working hard to deal with those issues.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: No question, no question. I mean we would – and so this arbitration claim, again, I want to emphasize because I know my friend in Indonesia are listening to this and I'm speaking clearly that we don't want to do that, we want to find a mutually agreeable solution. But if we don't, the claims are going to be very large.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, it gets to be an obligation of the Government of Indonesia. I mean, that's an obligation under their law. And then there's steps you can take internationally to enforce that as well. There has been some precedent for that, of where – other countries. Indonesia had a case several years ago as well, and so there's processes to follow. Indonesia, as a member of the G20, as a country that's done big picture well economically, they're going to have pressures of wanting to get this resolved in a way that helps them with their bigger picture economic goals, international goals and so forth. So, it's not only Freeport and representing our shareholders that has objectives of resolving this. There are also going to be pressures facing Indonesia and getting it resolved. And I think that's becoming more apparent to them.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: And yet, to develop the sulfide deposit there is another – so these are major type projects. And while I think we are on a path towards starting the Lone Star deal, it's not in our numbers now, but I think it will be fairly shortly. But to do one of these multi-billion dollar projects like we would be looking at, at Bagdad and expansion at Sierrita and the sulfide in Safford and so forth. You're going to need to get copper not just for a month or two. You're going to have to have a clear view that the world economy is developing that there are uncertainties that currently overhang the economy in significant ways are clear to go forward. And that's not just for us, but that's for the rest of the industry. So I think before that happens, you're going to see a period of time where there's going to be a shortage of copper and you're not going to see the price of these go to $3. We just need to look over our shoulders and we can see at times we had copper at $4. And we're heading for a world of where that is – that's I believe is in the cards, that it could even be more than that because the great thing about copper is that when you look at its uses, it's not the component that drives demand. Copper is an important necessary component of those. But so, anyway you've all heard me get on my copper soapbox. That soapbox is, at one point, I was kind of a lone prop in the wilderness. Now there is a choir singing this song. And so – and yet you don't see people jumping up to invest in new projects and new projects are very scarce. There is some projects that are being completed and so forth, but the wall of copper that was supposed to come about in 2016 didn't show up. And now to justify the coming wall of copper, some people are talking about you can develop these new mines at $2.50 or less and that just can't be done. It just can't be done.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: That is exactly accurate. And I'll just mention one other factor. With everything that we've had going on over the years, we've developed some incredible strong relationships in Asia, I mean in China, Japan, Korea. I mean and we have – I can't tell you the number of people who want to be our partners going forward. I mean Freeport's earned a lot of respect; by the way we are. You look, we're the operators of all of our projects and we've done kind of every kind of project that can be done. And the people in Asia are hungry for copper and they want to be our partner. So, financing is going to be one of evaluating alternatives as opposed to scramble and to find it.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: We don't – the one thing we've learned, at least I've learnt, is you just don't set a specific hurdle rate.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: They have a saying around here, figures don't lie, but liars figure. So, what we do is we look at scenarios for what would happen to us if we made an investment, how it fits in with the rest of our portfolio, what kind of exposure do we have for a gain if prices are higher, what kind of risk do we have to manage our portfolio if prices drop. So, you need to have good attractive rates of return because these projects have the risk.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, what's changed is – that I've said over and over. I think there is a real objective of getting a deal done now from the government side, as it is from our side. And while the government says we have certain requirements to get a deal done and that it relates to smelter and divestment and financial issues, we said we have requirements to get a deal done. I'm real clear with the government that our shareholders will not accept us not getting fair value for any divestment. I mean, I hear that over-and-over again because they see our rights under arbitration. We know our legal case is strong. So it's a recognition that we recognize what their requirements are. They're recognizing what our requirements are.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Yes. That's what I expect. Now, look, there are enough people in this call who have heard my expectations to be unfulfilled in the past. So, yeah, realistically, but there's a lot of things. Indonesia has got a 2019 election coming up, et cetera, et cetera and also all those things point to getting a resolution this year.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Because we don't have an annual planning process here. We update our plans every quarter and so we'll talk to you in three months about where we stand with.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: All right. So with respect to the last one, we are suggesting to the government that the optimal way for us to proceed with divestment would be to start with a listing on the Indonesian Stock Exchange. And that listing would probably be on the order of a 10% interest. The Indonesian Stock Exchange has gotten to be a fair market. International investors participate in it and so forth. There's lots of discussion within the government about how to proceed with this divestiture deal, but there are ways legally that we're advised that they are working with the government-owned as to how to achieve this objective of maintaining control over governance. And it basically comes down to being able to elect the majority of the Board of Commissioners. That happens internationally with a number of companies in different environments. It was not something unique to Indonesia. Now, the second question has to do with the OpEx and CapEx. It is more of a question of timing. We're going to do some things sequentially that we were doing concurrently initially in terms of developing undercuts and mucking ore. So it doesn't fundamentally change the cost structure at all, but there is the timing impact and so that has some consequence to it. What we believe will happen is that as we get the mine in position and caving starts in a normal fashion, then we'll go back to the same plan we've had all along.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Yes. And there were no injuries, I want to be clear there, no people were hurt. There was some damage to the mine infrastructure, but no major loss of equipment or things like that. And so there's no real change in the fundamental plan that we're on, it's more of a delay.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So, we have really not engaged in any negotiations on fair value. In early 2016, we voluntarily submitted a valuation of PT-FI at that time to the government, but there has been no formal response to that. You see some comments in the press that we see, but we really haven't gotten to the point of having a bid/ask.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: As we complete the negotiations, that's – the process for divestment, the standards of divestment will be part of the ultimate agreement on the package that we have. It won't be an issue of agreeing on a valuation, but the process of how do you get to a fair value – valuation. And recently, I noted that the government put out a positive comment about having natural resource companies operating in Indonesia be listed on the Indonesian exchange. And again, that's, that in our view is the fairest way of seeing what the value of this business is, let us get an agreement that settles things down, pick an appropriate time, go out, have a fully marketed interest. I know from talking with investors, there would be investor interest in investing in this asset and in that way, you have a market-based determination of fair market value.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So, the $700 million is our current spend rate. So, I think you can anticipate that as we go through this year and engage in our discussions, unless they just were to fall apart which I don't expect, that you can anticipate that we'd be spending that $700 million, now we got $750 million booked for next year and that's dependent on getting the agreement.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Yes. So, John, operating in the heat in Arizona is kind of like operating in the rain in Indonesia, I mean, that's been part of the business all along, and actually, Red, I'm right in saying, it's hotter in Phoenix than it is typically in Safford and Morenci because of the altitude. And actually when we have operational issues, it's generally when we have unexpected rainfall because a little bit of rain can cause that. Red, you got any...
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: We have a resource defined. It's an interesting to debate – to watch Red and his team debate with Kathleen about when are we going to give them enough money to drill that resource to the point of having reserves. But we feel confident, I mean the resource is so large that there is an opportunity for our development there, it is not resource-dependent.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Yes. We haven't added any reserves yet for Lone Star. All right. So you're on that side of the debate.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, we've had some recent days of where we've been at 200,000 tons a day. And the reason what we weren't earlier had to do with this worker absenteeism because that was focused on the Grasberg open-pit operations and we weren't meeting our targets for extracting ore from the open-pit. But the mill is all aligned and the mill's capacity is on the order of right mark, 250,000 tons, 260,000 tons per day. There's three separate mill lines and then we're preparing that mill to operate at those higher levels as we achieve our Grasberg Block Cave underground ore in the Deep MLZ in the future.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Yeah. That's – that's the point I was going to make. We have been, particularly as we went into 2016, but even before that, as the – when the copper price dropped and as we were facing the financial situation that we faced with the oil and gas investments and the big capital commitments that have been made there that we've now gotten behind us, we were real tough on spending – on maintenance capital and projects, our guys did a great job of sharing equipment, cannibalizing equipment and so forth, and now, we're at the point of having to go back and do some things that had been deferred in the past. So, that's all that is. It's just – we meet every quarter. The guys – Red's on it every day with his team looking at what needs to be done to maintain safe production. And so there's some catch-up type things that we're needing to spend money on.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Yes. Michael, that's a good point. There is a correlation between labor issues and copper price. I mean, as the copper price rises, workers globally will be expected to ask for more and you can see what a labor situation can do to the global copper supply with what Escondida went through recently. Contractors will be an issue. Labor issues are particularly sensitive in Latin America, in Chile and Peru, which are the world's two largest copper producing countries, I guess China is in that mix somewhere. But I always say, labor strikes are a contagious disease, so that's – that can happen. Then as equipment ages and as copper prices rise, people press to give more out of it and that was pressure on mechanical issues, which many of these mines were developed years ago, at Grasberg, our big SAG mill was put in, in the mid-1990s. So as equipment ages, you get stresses mechanically on issues. Then governments start seeing companies making more money and around the world, start seeing other ways of getting more out of it. We went through an issue in the Congo, as some of you may remember, where we had to deal with that, but all those things add up that as copper prices rise, it's sort of a self-fulfilling prophesy that the opportunities for disruptions grow and that, coupled with whatever other dynamics other than rising copper prices, tend to super charge that kind of movement.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, everyone, thanks for participating. We will be transparent as we go forward and if you have any follow-up questions, check in with David Joint and he'll be responsive to it and look forward to talking about our progress next quarter. Thank you.
