Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Our results were released earlier this morning and a copy of the press release and slides for today's call are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our 2016 Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. On the call today are: Richard Adkerson, Red Conger, Mark Johnson, and Mike Kendrick. I'll start by briefly summarizing our financial results and then I'll turn the call over to Richard, who will review our recent performance and outlook and will be using the prepared slide materials that are on our website. As usual, after our prepared remarks, we'll open up the call for questions. Today, FCX reported net income attributable to common stock of $280 million or $0.19 per share for the third quarter of 2017. The third quarter results include net charges of $212 million or $0.15 per share for nonrecurring net charges that are detailed on VII of the press release which include a $188 million charge or $0.13 per share associated with accruals for Peruvian government claims associated with disputed royalty matters and $64 million or $0.04 a share charge for adjustment to environmental reserves. After adjusting for these net charges, third quarter 2017 adjusted net income attributable to common stock totaled $492 million or $0.34 per share. Our adjusted earnings before interest taxes and depreciation or EBITDA for the quarter totaled $1.6 billion. We've got a reconciliation of our EBITDA calculation on the last page of our slide deck. For the third quarter of 2017, we sold consolidated copper sales of 932 million pounds, 355,000 ounces of gold, and 22 million pounds of molybdenum. Our average realized price for the third quarter was $2.94 per pound. That was 34% above the year ago quarter of $2.19 per pound. Our gold price averaged $1,290 per ounce. That was slightly below the year-ago period average of $1,327 per ounce. Average net unit cash costs for the quarter were $1.21 per pound. Those were slightly higher than the year ago period of $1.14 per pound, primarily reflecting lower copper sales volumes. We generated strong operating cash flows during the quarter, which totaled $1.2 billion and those exceeded our capital expenditures of $308 million during the quarter. We ended the quarter at September 30 with consolidated cash of $5 billion and consolidated debt totaling $14.8 billion. We had no borrowings under our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility at September 30 and a strong liquidity position. I'd now like to turn the call over to Richard, who will provide additional details on our results, operations, and outlook.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: We have, David – earlier this year, we have slowed some of the spending – we cut the spending in the underground by about 25% and you saw the impacts of that earlier this year. We are continuing to spend at a reduced level to prepare the Grasberg Block Cave for startup when the open pit is completed late next year. And, economically, that's what makes the most sense. As you can see from the numbers, the investments that we're making are less than actually the cash flows being generated from the business. So, the business is generating more cash flow than what we're reinvesting currently. But we could make a decision if we reach an impasse to suspend those investments and those would have an impact on our production because the Grasberg Block Cave starts to ramp up during 2019, and as Richard said earlier, if eventually it gets to over a billion pounds of copper a year and over a million ounces of gold. And so that would get pushed out. So, economically, we're incented to continue to make those investments, but we're not going to make them if we reach an impasse and have to go in another direction. But, at this point, our belief is that we'll get this resolved and be able to continue to proceed with our long-term investment plan.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: That's where the 29% is coming in. But one thing you should appreciate is the cash flows between now and that timeframe where it dropped to 60%, essentially, close to 100% going to Freeport. So, there's differences between the two interests, and we're generating a substantial amount of free cash flow within that timeframe between now and 2022.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: And, Alex, as you remember, we had cut back production at El Abra and also at Sierrita. We've been gradually bringing some of that back on and again doing it in a manner that would allow us to continue to preserve our operating cost position. And, also, part of the reason why we cut back was to defer capital spending. So, we are bringing some of it back on line, but we're doing it in a very careful manner so that we don't alter in any significant way our cost structure or capital spending plans.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: That is under consideration. As you've seen, you know we did complete the expansion and we refinanced the loan at the Cerro Verde level, which allowed us to repay shareholder loans that were made from the shareholders to advance into Cerro Verde to fund some of that project. And so, we do believe we will be in a position to resume dividends at Cerro Verde, and that's under consideration as we review the outlook, you've probably seen in the press release the royalty matter which has created some uncertainty in terms of the timing of when any payments would have to be made in connection with that. But even after the royalty matter, we do believe we'll have flexibility to resume dividend payments at Cerro Verde. And so, we're currently assessing the timeframe and the extent of those dividends.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: But the production change you're talking about is just that. It's around the edges, rounding numbers change in 2019 and over the five-year period, there really wasn't a significant change in the overall copper or gold production or a significant change in spending.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: Well it depends on when we start it. But it's roughly three-plus years. And the bulk of it is for mining equipment and to start the pre-production and stripping. But you could spend roughly $800 million of the total in 2018, 2019, and 2020 ratably if we were to move forward in the next several months, but it's still under consideration at this point.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: No. I was just going to say it fits in with the timing of the declines in the Safford and how to best maximize the NPV of the project in connection with the expected production at Safford because what we're doing really is leveraging the existing infrastructure. And so, as long as that infrastructure is being used for already developed reserves, we're better off deferring the spending at Lone Star. But we're getting to the point now – and we've gotten the permits, et cetera. We're going to the point now where we can see line of sight in terms of when those two intersections will cross. And so, we are going to be considering with our board the timing of that project.
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: And Brian, we've been paying the higher royalties since 2014. You'll remember that our royalty rates...
Kathleen L. Quirk - Freeport: ...we're paying more than what's under our CAL today. So, we're not anticipating a material change in the aggregate of our fiscal terms.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, we – so, the background for that, Mike, is in Indonesia the government owns the resources. Now, that's true with governments around the world. Around the world, governments own the resources and even in the United States, of course, significant resources are on federal and state lands and all the oil resources in the offshore Gulf of Mexico or offshore anywhere are actually owned by the federal government. And governments give operators like Freeport in Indonesia the rights to operate and develop and produce those reserves. And so, any valuation that we are talking to the government about would involve the value of our business today including our rights to develop, operate and produce resources that we have identified through our past exploration and development operations. For example, we have already spent besides the infrastructure that we put in place to enable our operations to continue, in recent years, we've invested $6 billion of capital to develop these underground reserves that will essentially be produced beyond 2021. So, any view of valuation of our business would have to take into account the rights that we have beyond 2021 to 2041. And in our discussions, the government recognizes that. You mentioned copper prices. We had this same issue of dealing with views of copper prices last year and our negotiations with China Molybdenum on Tenke Fungurume and with Sumitomo on Morenci. That was during the first half of 2016 when the world's view of copper prices were decided more pessimistic than they are today. But I think many people were surprised that we were able to, in that environment negotiate deals that were positive for our company in terms of the valuations that we recognized. And we are approaching these negotiations in the same way. Indonesia is a country that has – it's a democracy now. It has free press. There's opportunities for many people who may be in government or of influence to speak to the press. Often, the comments you see are made by people who are not involved in the negotiations, just like you read comments in the United States on matters and you have to take into account the source of the comments. But I can tell you that we are working positively and amicably with the representatives of the government. At the same time, we are going to be relentless in representing the interest of our shareholders. And so, we're not in a position of where we have to concede to unreasonable positions, and we are not going to do that.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, there – we're talking with the government now about not only valuation, but the structure of the process for selling these interests. And that includes the alternative of the Government of Indonesia through potentially a state-owned enterprise of acquiring and holding this interest. There's also under consideration, the provision of a portion of this interest for the province of Papua. The Indonesian economy has grown, Mike, as you know. And there are substantial private business interests here, who have the financial capability of doing large-scale transactions. It's unclear whether all of this would be done to a single buyer. We have suggested to the government that the first step that should be considered in our view, would be an IPO of the interest on the Indonesian Stock Exchange, which has developed into a large liquid marketplace. To-date, there's been reluctance on the government to accept our suggestion. My point is there are a number of alternatives to deal with this issue of the structure and timing of divestment and that's one of the issues that we're having these current meetings about.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: No. The final documentation would address those issues, all of those. It would be a comprehensive conclusion to the issues that we've talked about with the August framework agreement, and we are working with the government to have a complete resolution of those issues. And the current goal that we're both working under is by the end of the year. So, there's an agreement to take future steps like building the smelter, undertaking the divestment, but it would be a comprehensive and final agreement.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, it's a continual thing, Dave. In other words, if we run into an impasse, which we don't expect before the end of the year, then we would take those actions. Our goal is and the government is supportive of this goal of getting this resolved by end of the year. If we are continuing to make progress and for whatever reason it's not done then, then we'll assess that circumstance when it comes about. But we've been talking about this so long and I recognize that all you have heard so much about this, but we really see the most positive objective that we've seen by the government in reaching a resolution. And, now, not only do we have a sense of urgency to do that, we're seeing that on the government's side as well.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, just for everybody's information, the project out there and the contract itself is actually a joint venture between us and Rio Tinto. It's a complicated joint venture agreement that was negotiated in the mid-1990s. And under that agreement, Rio Tinto has the right to come in now at roughly, say, 2022 for a 40% joint venture interest. Rio Tinto faces a similar divestiture obligation that PT-FI faces. And PT-FI's interest currently, the government has a 9.36% interest, so PT-FI has roughly over – FCX has roughly over a 90% interest in PT-FI which would, after Rio Tinto comes in, represent a 90% interest in 60%. And so, after that, if we divest 51%, our interest would be in PT-FI's operations, 49% of 60%.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: The smelter itself is estimated to be – if we do it on our own – a $2.5 billion to $3 billion project. Our intention would be – and this only gets built after we reach a long term agreement with the government. That's one of the issues that we would be dealing with with the government, and it's not something that we can start developing until the long-term agreement is reached. And so, our framework calls for a five-year period after signing the final agreement. We would structure the ownership interest in the smelter in the way of equity partners contributing equity, and then obtaining financing – debt financing for a substantial portion of the cost of the capital. So, the amount of capital that would be required to be contributed by PTFI would be reduced by the debt financing that would be negotiated with it and the equity participation of partners. We are in discussions with an Indonesian company called Amman which acquired Newmont's Batu Hijau mine in Indonesia and they have plans to develop a smelter and we are in discussions with them about potentially doing a joint venture project for a larger smelter with them, and in that case, they would be a partner in the project as would we and we would have a copper concentrate supply agreement with them, that would have to be appropriately structured. So, there's a number of moving parts here with how we proceed with the smelter project. Including the size, the location, the potential partnership with Amman that all would be triggered by the completion of our negotiation on the global contract resolution.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, it would be PT-FI would be funding it. And if you look through PT-FI to Freeport's net interest in that, you're correct.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Now, one of the conditions that we are – as part of the global agreement that this is another current point of discussion is while we've agreed to divest 51%, our position is, is that we maintain control over operations and the company. And so, even though we would only own 49%, with that control, we expect that we would continue to consolidate PT-FI in our financial statements.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Okay. But we're not in a position to disclose that, but I'm just going to comment on that. So, all I'll tell you to do is think again.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: And then, you have one contract where you have currently two assignees of interest in that contract. Rio Tinto has an assignment and PT-FI has an interest. We are negotiating on behalf of PT-FI and the Indonesians, as part of our deal, we're agreeing to a divestment. The Indonesians will also be looking at Rio Tinto's interest and expecting a divestment of that interest.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: And so, while there is 60/40 beyond 2022, as Kathleen said, and it will depend on copper prices and so forth, but there's substantial values between now and 2022 that'll be going to PT-FI that will not be going to Rio Tinto.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Rio Tinto has some obligations to contribute capital. They will get some dividends going forward. But the bulk of the dividends would be coming to PT-FI. So, the relative values are affected particularly when you look at the present value calculation.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: By the fact that near-term cash flows are going to PT-FI, longer term, Rio Tinto comes in for a 40% interest, but that's subject to divestiture as well.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: I will tell you this, Rio Tinto has the right, under our joint venture agreement, of approval for any changes we make to the contract.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: We've had an extraordinary positive relationship with Rio Tinto. They've been great partners. We feel an obligation to be good partners to them, and this has been going on now for 20 years. And we will work together to achieve the mutual goal of building values in this asset that would benefit both parties.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: We're not talking about a divestiture at one point in time, but a series of steps towards that. And we have not yet agreed on that, but it's not likely that you would expect Freeport to retain 90% through 2022. But it's also likely that there would be steps taken along the way to work towards that goal.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Yes. The exchange has had offerings of that size and slightly more. We were suggesting perhaps a 10% float of an IPO.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: There's one more point that I think is important to build into your analysis, is that as we divest, we are going to be receiving fair market value for the divested interest.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: And so, while our interest in the participation in Grasberg would be reduced, we would be receiving cash from that interest, which would reduce our exposure to Indonesia. There's positives and negatives to that. But it would provide cash for us to supplement achievement of our financial goals for the rest of our business.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: The press report was accurate. But think about this, and I'm not agreeing or disagreeing with Grasberg being 40% of Freeport's assets. That's just – that's what he said. But you wouldn't apply the 40% to the equity value. It would be to the enterprise value. So, besides the $20-plus billion of equity value now, we have $10 billion of debt. And so...
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: ...that 40% would be applied to $30-plus billion. And that represents 90% of PT-FI because the government owns 9.36%.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So, you'd have to gross it up for that 10% to get a number that would be comparable to our $16 billion number.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, before you say that, just remember, that if you're talking about the percent of an asset to an enterprise, it's not logical to look at the equity market value, you need to look at the enterprise market value. So, with the equity plus debt, so it would be $30-plus billion. And following that analysis, you would say 40% of $30-plus billion is over $12 billion, that's 90%. So, you need to gross that up to 100%. So, you'd get to something over $13 billion. Now, I'm not agreeing or disagreeing with that analysis, but I'm just saying to be a logical analysis, that's the process you'd have to go through.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: No. No. And in fact – well, let's see, now I've got it. That's not what the government would say today...
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: ...even in talking about it. I mean, they recognized what I've just said about the different in equity value and enterprise value. But we are working with the government. They have indicated fair market value is the right standard, and now we've got to negotiate what that fair market value is just as we had to negotiate with China Moly and with Sumitomo and with others who were trying to look at buying our assets. So, we've had a lot of experience with this. They're going to get expert financial advice, and we will sit down and find out – and determine what's a fair value. Again, we believe the best way to do it is to allow us to do an IPO on the exchange. And that way, the market determines it. They so far have been reluctant to do that. So, we will engage in these discussions but it will be on a rational basis for coming up with a fair market value.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, the $16 billion number, just like in our 2016 transaction, was not a number that was based on the then-existing copper price. It was based on what people like Wood Mackenzie, sell-side guys like yourself what your outlook for copper prices were. So since that time, we have updated that valuation. It's part of private discussions with the government. You'd have to take into account we've produced a year-and-a-half of those values in our current operations and received cash for it. We've had some adjustments to our mine plans and the copper prices are what they are. So, we're at a number but in terms of what you're perceiving to be significantly higher, there are some things going in the other direction that affect that number as well.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So, I'm not going to answer the question. And I'll also point out that the $16 billion number that we disclosed there was 100%, we own 90% of that value. Because the government already owns 9.36%. Okay. That's just a fact.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Not yet. I mean, we've agreed on a concept of fair market value, but that's been part of the process of getting to where we are now. And so, the next stage is to deal with those parameters.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Let's see. Kathleen is going to kick me, but not as much as I'd hoped for. But I think the clarity of the government's desire, and sense of urgency for reaching a deal has – that was my hope when we announced the framework, and I think that is coming into play. We've made a good bit of progress on – and all of these things are incredibly complex, but we've made a good bit of progress on fixing the financial and the fiscal and legal terms for the extension. We're still having discussions on the form of that. We are working to get that documented in a contractual agreement between us and the government that gives us the ability to defend that and not be subject to future changes in laws and regulations. So, that's the place where we've made the most specific progress. We still have to firm up the form of that. But the big issues on divestment, the valuation issue we've made progress in dealing with this issue that was raised earlier about not considering reserves, I think Mike Gambardella raised in the first question the issue about whether it's to 2021 to 2041. All of those things we've made progress with the teams we're taking to with Indonesia.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, there's kind of two aspects to that. I mean, there is a possibility that Rio could stay involved. In other words, they could continue to own 49% of their interest. They publicly commented on questioning whether they would do that or not and if they do decide to exit we would work with them to achieve their objectives and then work with the government to see how that would fit in to our overall divestment situation.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: No. That's part of our position when we use the term legal certainty in talking about the extension with fiscal and legal certainty that means defining taxes royalty in fiscal terms and legal enforceability which would include international arbitration.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, at El Abra, it's really not really a significant cost in doing it. I mean, we have reduced mining rates, so there would be some incremental cost, but it's not significant. What's really factoring into that is the planning we're doing about the major project and when that might be commenced. We haven't – as I keep emphasizing, we haven't made that decision. We have a lot of work to do before we do that. But part of the mine rate decision is more coordinating that with the potential commencement of the major expansion project.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, the answer is yes to your first question. Those are 2020 projects and beyond. The big issue on dividends rest with our success in reaching a resolution on this Indonesian question. And so, as we go forward, with success on that and with copper to markets which we believe will be positive, we'll be looking at debt levels with potential for capital spending. And we will be, what can I say, I'm confident our board will be very positive about paying dividends when the stars align.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, I can tell you that the bond rating agencies are extraordinarily pleased with what we've done over the past almost two years now and in seeing where we are and the cash we're generating. And like you say, if we continue to reduce cash, we get Indonesia settled, we will be in good shape with the rating agencies even with beginning to pay a dividend.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, we go through a process every quarter. We don't – here at Freeport, we don't have an annual planning process. We have a detailed review of capital allocation, capital spending every quarter. We meet with all of our mine managers and review results and outlooks. And we challenge people on capital spending, and we defer wherever we can. So, particularly in Indonesia, we want to – we're making efforts to reduce capital spending to the maximum level we can while achieving our objectives of moving forward these projects so that we could begin caving at the end of next year.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: No. No. We're at the point now with our improvement in our debt levels in our balance sheet, that that's an independent decision. So, going forward on Lone Star is not dependent on having success with Grasberg.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Yeah. The oxides at Safford are nearing the end of their lives. This would be a whole different project if you had to build all these processing facilities and infrastructure to produce those reserves. But when you have those available to you with excess capacity to deal with it, that's what makes it so attractive. And for 200 million pounds of copper a year, with that kind of cost structure, the payback for this investment is pretty quick.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: No. El Abra is not part of Codelco's capital spending there. I think most of you know, they are our 49% partner, but that would be funded within the company itself. The government issue I don't believe will have an impact on the process. While there may be a potentially more favorable outlook for the industry – like around the world, in Chile environmental concerns are significant and widely held. And so, I believe we'd go through the same permitting process regardless of the government. And this is a project, being a brownfield expansion in this mining region near Anapagasa (01:36:15), it's the kind of project that Chile will welcome regardless of the government. And regardless of the government, they would want to make sure that the planning and environmental management is handled in the right way.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: That's total for the project, and it includes the current contract tax and royalty provision. We – as part of our agreement, we are – we've agreed to increase royalties to the royalty levels that are currently applicable under the new mining law. And then, we're working on new fiscal terms so that the fiscal burden on our business would be equivalent to what it has been under the cap.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So, the government would be receiving more benefits which has been one of their objectives. Those incremental benefits would come from higher royalties, but we're working together to reshuffle the cards somewhat on the taxes and other fees. But the objective would be that the burden for our business would be equivalent to what it has been.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: ...for this joint venture. So, I mean – you know this, but to remind everybody else, we have a 35% income tax rate, whereas the general tax rate in Indonesia is 25% and they're talking about potentially reducing it. We also pay a 10% withholding tax for dividends that are paid from Indonesia to FCX. So, there's a very substantial tax burden already in place on us which, as I said, is the highest of any country that we operate in.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, it's just natural that you go from a period of very low levels of activities with vendors to an increased level. There is going to be a price impact with that. We are such a large customer with our vendors that we have a partnership with them, and so we work together to get to fair deals with them. But I see some of the analysts already commenting on some cost increases in the industry, and obviously as prices rise you can expect costs to rise. There is a correlation. One of the reasons we've never been attracted to hedging is there is a correlation between copper prices and many of our input costs. And so, that's just – that correlation is going to continue.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Then I will just complement, Red, Mark, Mike and their teams for the job that they do to find efficiencies in everything from truck usage to tires to engines, and we've done studies. We've had to do that because we got these low grade mines and our guys have done a great team. We've benchmarked our operations against other mining operations around the world. And when they show that to me, I get very proud of our team. They're just doing a great job.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, there's so many moving parts in China today with the issues related to scrap, with their focus on environmental management with – they are taking steps to deal with inefficiencies in their industry, and that carries over to the copper-processing industry. And then, their efforts to continue to stimulate their economy and build infrastructures, and now with the One Belt One Road initiative to devote spending to infrastructure development in other countries. You add all of that up and what you see in China is growth at a much lower absolute level of growth than in the past. But with the size of their economy which, by many measures, it's the largest economy in the world now and even lower growth with absolute levels, you end up with very significant amounts of copper demand. But what's happening too in our industry is whereas China, for many years, was the source of all the growth, today, growth from year-to-year is now coming from outside China with the recovery of economies in Europe and in the United States. Perhaps half of the growth now is coming from countries outside of China. And so, that's what is fundamentally good about our business. We're so correlated to general economic levels in developed countries. And then, when you have countries like China and other developing countries that are spending money, it creates good demand. I was counting today the building cranes outside my window near the hotel in Jakarta, and I counted 18 high-rise building cranes going up. And that's just one instance of growth in a Southeastern Asia economy and the demand for copper that that creates.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: So, we've never managed our business to have any kind of target of debt-to-EBITDA. We do a series of long-term forward cash flow analysis using different scenarios of copper prices and then we match capital spending to go with that and we manage our debt levels to be comfortable with that. I mean, we're at a debt level now that we would be comfortable with, living with for the long term. But because we're not prepared to commit to long-term capital right now and we have this overhang of the Indonesian situation, we're going to be using cash flows to continue to reduce debt. You may recall that in 2011, at the time we announced the oil and gas deal, our company had zero debt. And we were paying substantial dividends. So, we don't have a targeted debt level. It's all based on cash flow analysis and we'll continue to run it on that basis and make disciplined decisions about investing capital when that's warranted.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, we are going after the highest grades available and all of that is a function of the pit design. We're at the very bottom of this pit right now, and so Mark and his team are constantly looking for opportunities to get the highest grade available consistent with maintaining the integrity of the pit and the safety of the slopes. So, there's not a question of having opportunities to high grade. We're going after the very highest grade that we have. Now, we are – as we get to the bottom of this pit, we're looking for opportunities to maximize PV and that's an ongoing mine planning exercise. And so, that may well be that we can find some opportunities for temporarily extending the pit, but that's just going to be something at the margin. We are – and that would be a trade-off for what we could get through the pit and how much we could get from committing the block caving underground because to the extent we defer that then you're deferring the ramp-up, and so. But it's strictly a safety first exercise and then maximizing NPV for deciding where to access the ore.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: It's more in the range of $3. It's not a $4 project. No. We have reserves at $2, but we're not – we wouldn't run the mine plan on that, but it would require confidence that you got a $3 copper price to proceed with it.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: And by the way, that's the industry we live in. I mean, we always look over all these analyst reports before our earnings call. I mean, Wood Mackenzie's long-term incentive price for copper is $3.30. That's just what it is. I'm not commenting on it one way or another other than saying that's what their analysis shows for the industry as a whole.
Richard C. Adkerson - Freeport: Well, those were good questions. Not unexpected questions, I would say. But we appreciate your participation, your good questions. We look forward to reporting our progress as we go forward. If you have any follow-up issues you'd like to get clarification on, please contact David Joint and he will arrange for us to respond to any questions or comments that you might have. So, thanks, everyone. Have a good day.
Christopher Domenic Mancini: Okay. So, right. So, it's not – so, again, I mean, I guess I was thinking about it wrong in that after 2022, the way that you understand it now is that Freeport will own that 29%. But before or through 2022, Freeport will have, under the current scenario, 90.6% of the cash flows from Grasberg. But after this agreement, will have – like after this agreement is struck, will have only 49% after its...
Christopher Domenic Mancini: Okay. All right. Okay. Thanks. And then, a quick question is in terms of the ability to IPO a portion of Grasberg on the Indonesian Stock Exchange, how much do you think you could – how much liquidity could the market bear at this point do you think, of Grasberg stock? So, could there be a $1 billion issuance, do you think, or...
Christopher Domenic Mancini: Yeah. That's the idea right, getting the full value or the fair value of the full value is what you've been talking about.
Christopher LaFemina - Jefferies LLC: It seems like the biggest issue regarding Indonesia is just the bid/ask spread around the majority stake. And back in early 2016, you had said that you valued all of PT-FI at something slightly above $16 billion. There were some reports at the time that Indonesia had said that it was worth about $6.5 billion. I think you had said that that was never a formal response from Indonesia. And in fact, as far as I know, you've not gotten a formal offer from them yet. Recently though, the Mining Minister of Indonesia said that based on Grasberg being 40% of your profits and based on your $20 billion market cap, that would imply that your ownership stake in Grasberg is worth about $8 billion. And there were some reports as well that he said, we understand that to buy a majority stake, we'd have to pay some premium to that.
Christopher LaFemina - Jefferies LLC: Is that not accurate – that's just some reports from Indonesia. Just want to get the facts. (1:08:16)
Christopher LaFemina - Jefferies LLC: Right. So, your $16 billion is for 100% of PT-FI. Their $8 billion for the 90-plus percent stake, implies $8.8 billion for 100%. Regardless of how they got to that number, I guess...
Christopher LaFemina - Jefferies LLC: Right. But I guess my question is, regardless of how we got to that number, the point is, he did say $8 billion for the 90-plus percent stake. And then, I think he also said that some premium for a majority ownership might be required. The question really comes down to whether or not that offer is on the table to Freeport. Is that something that they've presented to you? And then...
Christopher LaFemina - Jefferies LLC: And I'm sorry, just one last quick one for me. So, let's assume that an IPO is ultimately not an option, therefore, it's about a negotiation and the bid/ask spread, it never closes. In other words, you can never come to an agreement. Would Freeport, and this might be too hypothetical to answer, but would Freeport be willing to accept an offer that is below what you deem to be fair market value in order to avoid the potential lose-lose scenario of arbitration. In other words, is there an opportunity cost to not getting it done even if you accept a price lower than you'd like.
Alexander Hacking: Hi, Richard and Kathleen and thanks for taking the time to do the call from Indonesia. Just a quick follow-up on Grasberg. I think at some point we had seen a local media article that had suggested that Freeport might give up the right to international arbitration as part of the new framework. That seems very unlikely given your previous very clear comments on that issue. But could you just quickly comment on that? Thank you.
Alexander Hacking: Okay. Thanks. And then just turning elsewhere, with copper back above $3 a pound, is there any – been given any consideration to resuming full mining rates at El Abra and what would be the cost of doing that? Thanks.
Alexander Hacking: Okay. Thanks. And then, just very quick on Cerro Verde. If I remember right, Cerro Verde hasn't been paying a dividend to its shareholders for a while, given the expansion and the spending there. Is there any timing on when Cerro Verde is expected to resume paying cash dividends to shareholders? Thanks.
