Kathleen Quirk: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan conference call. Earlier this morning, we reported our revised operating plans and our first quarter operating and financial results. A copy of today's press release and the presentation materials are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet. And anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today’s call. And a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we’d like to remind everyone that today’s press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. We’d like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the Risk Factors described in our 2019 Form 10-K. On the call today is Richard Adkerson, our Chief Executive Officer; Red Conger is on; Mark Johnson is on from Indonesia, we’ve got a number of other of our senior executives on the phone as well and they will be available to participate in our Q&A session. Our comments today in the prepared materials will be principally focused on our plans and our outlook and how we are addressing current market conditions. I'll briefly summarize our financial results for the first quarter and then turn the call over to Richard who will be reviewing our revised plans. As usual we'll open up the call for Q&A after our prepared remarks. We announced revised operating plans as you've seen in the, in the press release, we've had a series of cost reductions and capital expenditure reductions. We've also reduced our copper production volumes by 400 million pounds in response to market conditions in an effort to reduce our costs and capital expenditures. In terms of our first quarter results, we reported a net loss attributable to common stock of $491 million in the quarter that was $0.34 a share which included $256 million or $0.18 per share associated with inventory valuation adjustments and other items that are detailed in our press release attachment on VI. Adjusted net loss attributable to common stock totaled $235 million or $0.16 per share in the first quarter. Our adjusted EBITDA or earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation for the first quarter totaled $189 million. And we've included a reconciliation of our EBITDA calculation on Page 43 of our slide materials. Our first quarter sales, copper and gold were slightly higher than our January 2020 estimates. We sold 729 million pounds of copper during the quarter and 144,000 ounces of gold that mostly reflected higher production from PT Freeport Indonesia partially offset by lower sales volumes in the Americas. Our average realized price in the first quarter was $2.43 per pound that was 16% lower than a year ago average price of $2.90 per pound and the realized price for gold in the first quarter was just over $1,600 per ounce which was 24% above the first quarter of the prior year. Our consolidated average unit net cash costs were also lower than our expectations. They averaged a $1.90 per pound of copper in the first quarter and the estimate going into the quarter was about $2 per pound. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $600 million. That included roughly $300 million for projects that we're doing to increase production and reduce unit costs in Indonesia and also our Lone Star Project in the U.S. and Arizona. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.6 billion and consolidated debt of $10 billion. We had no borrowings under our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility and have significant liquidity as we manage volatility during 2020. I'd now like to turn the call over to Richard who will be referring to our slide materials.
Kathleen Quirk: Dave, it's Kathleen. Our mining rates that we have put in here, the 20% reduction in 2020, continues into part of 2021. We have some mines that are starting to ramp up, but we still have idled production during that period of time. So when we were pursuing in our previous plans, the initiatives, we were calling America's concentrator where we were increasing both mining rates and milling rates. We're not doing that at this point. So we could, if market conditions were to improve dramatically, and we'd have to take a long, hard look at that because, as you know, this is not a light switch that can go on and off. But we could start bringing back production and - over time and increase our mining and milling rates again. So this assumes that we remain in a curtailed mode at most of the - really all the operations through the first part of next year. And then some of the operations are increasing mining rates and others aren't. So it's a mixed bag, but we could. There's nothing about our prior plans that would stop us from increasing production. It may delay but because of the mining rate change this year, it may delay the timing to get to those volumes. But as we talked about, the volumes are still there and could be added over time if market conditions warrant.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, our prior plan at the beginning of the year was based on the context of a copper market of $2.75 to $3. And as Richard was saying, the things - the ground work was in place for potentially higher prices as we go forward. So I think you'd have to see prices move back to those levels and have more economic certainty around the economy. But we're going to be very disciplined about executing these plans, really focused on costs, really focused on capital in the near term to make sure that we can preserve our financial position during 2020. And then as we get into 2021, we can start looking beyond at what the market conditions are and whether we restore full mining operations at that point.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. Well, we've also reduced production at El Abra. We deferred a significant capital item there. And so we're reducing our mining rate at El Abra, and that's also contributing to the lower production in South America. But we do show - under our plans, we do show Cerro Verde production increasing in 2021 from the 2020 levels. But our El Abra mine is about flat like it was in 2020 when you compare it. So that's a significant reduction from our prior plans.
Kathleen Quirk: Okay. With respect to the working capital question, we are projecting a large working capital source in 2020. As we mentioned, that is one of our initiatives here, to release cash from the balance sheet through the materials. As we curtail mining operations, we'll have the ability to use existing inventories as opposed to having to buy new consumables to a certain degree. So we'll have a reduction in materials and supplies. We're also bringing forward some tax refunds that were projected over the next several years, and we're bringing those forward into 2020. And there are a number of other cash flow initiatives that we have developed over the last several weeks in the context of our revised plans. And so we are showing a large source of working capital throughout the year.
Kathleen Quirk: In terms of the question on the gold. We did experience some higher grades and - of gold, and that will - we still are projecting that our grades are consistent with our plans. And you'll have pluses and minuses with how the grades are measuring against the plans. We did have some higher grades. And Mark, I don't know if you want to comment any further about gold grades and recoveries as we go forward.
Kathleen Quirk: The other thing I would just add, Red's team is very strong with all of the operations that during this downturn, we're not going to compromise safety. We're not going to be cannibalizing equipment. We're going to keep the equipment that we are using in good condition. It's just that we're not using all of our equipment. So we're postponing what we need to do in terms of rebuilding and things to meet a higher mining plan. But we're not doing things that don't - we aren't doing things that would destroy asset value, and Red keeps preaching that to the team. So I just wanted to add that.
Kathleen Quirk: Oscar, this is Kathleen. So it was a combination of many things. But in the Americas, we removed production. So that flows through all the costs, all the mining and labor costs. And so that had an effect on removing all of the cost of production associated with those pounds. We also benefited from lower energy costs, which was about $0.07 a pound compared to our prior forecast. Energy costs are lower than when we prepared this forecast. They're down probably another 15%, 20% from the time we prepared this forecast. But from a long-term perspective, we're using about $1 per gallon of diesel in these forecasts. And that had about a $0.07 impact on the Americas cost. Of course, in the U.S., our currencies, it's all a U.S. dollar business. Where we really saw the benefit of the currency impact was in Indonesia. And as I mentioned, that reduced our cost by - the absolute cost of energy plus the currency benefits by about 10% in Indonesia. And the big driver in Indonesia, though, is the volume aspect, and that's really what's going to drive our cash costs lower. But as you've seen, we reduced our - we were previously estimating over the next 5 years, about $0.30 a pound for production costs in Indonesia, and we're now using roughly $0.20 a pound for those costs, and that reflects some savings in the cost structure that we've been driving over many months, not just because of the COVID and the economic situation. But as we transitioned out of Grasberg into the underground, we've been - Mark and his team have been leading a zero-based budgeting process to bring overall costs down in Indonesia.
Kathleen Quirk: I think what we're doing really is looking at what's cash flow positive. And so we look down at cutting production further. At $2 copper, that may not make sense. But we'll iterate on that some more as we go forward. But if you really look into our second half cash costs at $2 copper, our Americas business is generating cash flow. And so prices would have to decline substantially for us to take it down further. But you noted how quickly we moved here, and we're continuing to evaluate, to be flexible to have a flexible operating structure regardless of prices.
Kathleen Quirk: And right now, our plans show pretty flat going out to that point over the next 5 years for Americas. But as Richard said, it's going to be dynamic as we assess the situation going forward.
Kathleen Quirk: I think the other thing to add here is we benefit from having very long life reserves. And when you're looking at - aside from the Grasberg reinvestment - investment program we're making right now, once we get into production at Grasberg, CapEx will decline. You'll be generating a lot of free cash flow. But also in the Americas, we have a very long life reserve base and additional resources. So when you look at the cash cost plus the CapEx, and you think about, we're not having to spend a lot of CapEx to replace reserves because we've got such a long reserve profile. And we don't have the reinvestment risk that some other short life mines might have. So when we look at this and when we went through this plan with Red and the Americas team, we were really looking at what is the cash cost less the capital that comes with it? And sometimes, when you're trying to build production and grow, you've got a lot of capital that comes with that. And so right now, we're operating on the plan to have as lower cash costs but also what is the lowest cash cost plus capital expenditures that makes sense for us right now. And that's really the plan we're focused on.
Richard Adkerson: And Dave, realistically, this situation is not likely to turn on at one point. Different countries are going to be in different situations. And things will occur step-by-step, and there will be uncertainties along the way. So it would be fair to say that given our overriding objective of protecting the long-term values of our assets, we will be very measured on how we respond.
Richard Adkerson: So I wouldn't characterize it as a renegotiation. We reluctantly decided that we would have to commit to build the smelter in order to get a resolution of the long-standing issues we've had with the government of Indonesia about extending our operating rights. And that was one key concession that we made along with facilitating the government through a state-owned company, acquiring 51% of the shares. That, as you know, was achieved principally by Rio Tinto deciding to sell their joint venture interest to the government. Of course, in return, we got clear-cut operating rights, fixed fiscal and financial terms to 2041 and established a positive new working relationship with the government. So we've made that commitment to the government, and we're executing on that commitment. The facts are we can't proceed as we have planned because of the worker restrictions at Gresik where the smelter relocated and supply chain issues with contractors and the like. In the meantime, the government in Indonesia, like governments around the world, are struggling with state revenues because of lower economic activity and investments. So we are engaging with the government as to whether this new circumstance might provide a way that would be mutually advantageous for the government, for our MIND ID, through PT-FI to reconsider what we're doing with the smelter. But throughout all this, we are being clear-cut that we made this commitment to the government. And unless the government agrees to some changes, which the current circumstances might lead them to consider, we are proceeding with fulfilling our commitment to build a smelter.
Richard Adkerson: Let me just add that, again, complementing people. Kathleen and her team has done a great job with financing. Steve Higgins, who heads up our administrative team is doing an excellent job in managing worker issues and HR and other matters. Danny Hughes, who heads up our global supply team, is doing a fabulous job. And we have tremendously positive relationships with our suppliers. We are often one of their largest customers, in many cases, the largest customer. And so as we face this problem, we sit down with our suppliers, and we're able to find ways to reduce costs, deal with payment terms and the like. Same way with our customers. We all understand each other's problems. We worked together many years. Some of this you're seeing is a result of all those long-term relationships, but also how diligent our whole team is being in finding ways, I said we left no stone unturned, in finding ways to generate cash, and we're going to continue to do that on an ongoing basis.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. I was going to add that, Kathleen, before Mark talked. Mark, I've been noting just how strong our recoveries have been and recoveries have been above plan in many respects. So maybe you could talk about that.
Richard Adkerson: No question about that. I think the feature that was most supportive of copper prices is the supply situation in copper. Supply was going to be tested in any event before all this happened. And now, with development projects being delayed, curtailments occurring, which is we just spoke about, has some impact. And as you say, Chris, we know what it's like to be a company where you don't have flexibility with liquidity. That's where we were in 2016. And as a result, we had to sell assets beyond copper, but also some copper assets. So this is - depending on severity and the link of this lasting, there's going to be a longer run impact on copper supplies, and that will ultimately be supporting the prices.
Richard Adkerson: I think the more likely thing - the way forward with that is for our company, and hopefully, I feel confident, other companies will join us, is to provide the technical basis for these things and then to work with entrepreneurs, venture capital firms and so forth to develop these new industries. We tried this in the past and we ran into barriers because of the cost of refitting and so forth. Now the world has changed and people are seeing this. And this flood of articles is coming out, telling the truth about copper. So we think that will create a market, and we will be working with the industry as a company to help promote this going forward. I think there would be some likelihood for government support of entrepreneurial-type companies. Going forward, our primary focus is going to continue to be in developing and operating mines. But we will - we've already begun talking and developing a team to see how we might help lead this movement to doing something that - positive for copper markets, of course, but more importantly, would be positive for the world because these impacts of health protection are real. And we just see how much they are needed in today's world. And even before that, the number of infections that people get going to hospitals for surgeries and things like knee replacements that occur because of infections from hospitals is staggering. So this is just bringing to light a contribution that copper as a metal can make the world. And we are going to be a leader in demonstrating that.
Richard Adkerson: Well, it's just too early to do that. I mean, we're in a period of uncertainty right now. Our focus has been on bridging from the loss of cash flows from the lower copper price to ensure that we could bridge our company to the higher volumes from Grasberg. And so that's what we're doing with this plan. We're going to focus on executing this plan. For any of us to sit here today and be able to predict where the world is going to be any period of time even in the short run, there's huge uncertainties. And beyond that, there are as well. So we're just not in a position right now to say what we're going to do. But I think what you can get comfort in is that we have the flexibility of addressing to whatever the world has. We have a track record of doing that. You can look and see what we did beginning in 2010, 2011, what we did in 2016, '17 and see how we did it, and that's what we're going to keep working on. So this is an unfolding story, work in process. But as a company, we have a lot of flexibility in dealing with whatever comes down the road, positive or negative.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we have mines that range in cost structures from the lowest end of the industry to mines that are relatively high cost because of the nature of the portfolio we put together years ago when we combined Grasberg with Phelps Dodge portfolio of assets. And by having these assets together is what enables us to reduce mines that are relatively low margin during good times and generate profits and extend resources with having the ability to scale back production when prices are low. And that was the huge issue that Phelps Dodge faced years ago, and the strategic benefit we achieved by putting these sets of assets together. So we can calculate an average as a company and compare that average with other companies. But when we manage the business, the management is focused on site-by-site. And so what you're seeing here today is a layering of actions to reduce high cost production, drive our costs down. And even within areas of mines like Morenci, there are elements of production within that large mine that get adjusted and others do not. So there's no - the average is calculated, but the management is managed site-by-site.
Richard Adkerson: Well, it's been a long call. I appreciate your attention. I think the length of this call is warranted because of the uncertainties we face, and we wanted to make sure that we did our best to try to explain to you what we're doing with the company. As you can tell, we're more than pleased with where we are in a very difficult and uncertain situation. Our guard is up. We're not going to let down at all because none of us are quite sure what else we might have to deal with. And so thank you for your attention. If you have follow-up questions, or comments, please get in touch with David Joint, and we'll respond to them. I hope all of you stay healthy and your families and friends can do so as well. It's time to be reflective about what this situation is doing to so many people around the world, and our hearts and prayers go out to everyone. Thank you a lot.
Chris Terry: I just had a follow-on to David's question just now. So Slide 26, just on the production. Understand North America, I think that was probably reasonably we were flagged that there might be adjustments there. But in terms of South America, appreciate Cerro Verde is offline currently. The 2021, 2022 impact of South America, can you just talk through that? I know you have a little bit of leaching on Cerro Verde. Is that the carryover effect of less mining into 2021? Or is that - what exactly is happening there? I'm just trying to think about how you could maybe increase that if, again, maybe back to copper conditions, but just trying to understand the mechanics of 2021 in particular.
Chris Terry: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. Just one more, if I may. I just wanted to follow up on the comments on the smelter. So the concept is still the kind of $3.5 billion level, but you just pushed back 2020, but you're still working out exactly negotiations on that. Is that the right way to think about it? Thanks.
Chris Terry: Sure. No, I just wanted to just be - a little bit more detail on the smelter in terms of the concept. I think what you're saying is it's still kind of the $3.5 billion. You're just going to push out 2020, and you're in the process of renegotiating it. I just wanted to understand that, that was correct.
