Kathleen Quirk: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to our conference call. Earlier this morning, we reported our second quarter 2023 operating and financial results. And a copy of the press release and slides are available on our website at fcx.com. Our call today is being broadcast live on the Internet, and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call, and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. I'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our SEC filings. On the call with me today are Richard Adkerson, our Chairman of the Board and CEO; Maree Robertson, our Chief Financial Officer; Josh Olmsted, who leads our Americas operations; Mark Johnson, who leads our Indonesian operations; Cory Stevens, who heads up our engineering, construction and technical services group; Mike Kendrick, who leads our molybdenum business; and Steve Higgins, our Chief Administrative Officer. We'll start the call. Richard will make some opening comments, and then I'll go through the prepared materials, our slide materials, and then we'll open the call to take your questions. So I'd like to turn the call over to Richard.
Kathleen Quirk: We’re – I think Carlos you characterized it correctly. We’re essentially distributing cash flow out of Cerro Verde. We’ve done very well on the debt side. And from time to time, we reserve cash for items that we know about, obligations that we need to pay or items that we know about. But we expect to continue to generate cash flow at Cerro Verde. And to the extent we don’t have obligations to pay that out to shareholders. I don’t have – we don’t have a decision at this point exactly what the cash flow and dividends will be quarter by quarter at this point, but we do expect to continue and distribute cash out of Cerro Verde.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. We did have an increase in our precious metals refinery an updated estimate for this precious metals refinery. It is an operation that is relatively small compared to the overall capital. But as we’ve gone through more engineering the cost estimates have increased a little different than the big project, the Manyar project where a lot of things were ordered, a lot of things were put in place prior to the big rise in inflation. And so to date, we’ve been on that project we’ve been pretty good at maintaining the cost estimate. So the bigger – the bigger project we had better terms on components, et cetera. But we are getting hit with some increases related to the precious metals refinery. The copper cleaner with all the projects going on at Grasberg, the mill project, the project we’re doing for power, the filter plant we’re doing at port site. The availability of experts and contractors has been slower than what was originally projected. And the project has taken a little longer, which is impacting the cost. But there’s nothing, materially different about what we’re doing there. It’s just in this environment things are taking a bit longer and adding to the cost. But I do want to have a shoutout to our team managing the bigger smelter that bigger spend is, they’re doing a great job in managing that, that project.
Kathleen Quirk: Timna, I was just going to add that a big change from maybe historically when you were thinking about it is the alignment we have – better alignment we have with the government, the state-owned enterprise, there we owns 51% of the shares, and of course we pay taxes and royalties. So the economic interest of the government in this operation is much greater than it was. And so the alignment is very positive as we look forward to create this value that Richard is talking about beyond 2041. And when we talk about beyond 2041 and the opportunity, this allows us really to think about the asset and opens the door for development much greater than what we were planning before because as Richard said, the reserves don't end in 2041. We see a lot of opportunity in using the infrastructure that we already have to further development. And the 10% – the share thing that you read about, what we were engaged in is looking at preserving what we have through 2041, but compensating the government in some way for that extension beyond 2041. So again, like we did in 2018, this would be only done if we could find the right win-win for both Freeport and the government, which we think we can.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. Well, if copper prices sharply to recover, we're going to be generating a lot of free cash flow. Under the policy, we're distributing 50%. And if you go back cumulatively to where – when we started it in the second half of 2021, we've distributed over 50% between the dividends and the share buybacks. With improved market conditions, that's going to give us a lot of leverage to free cash flow and give us the ability to consider how we deploy that, whether it be share buybacks, dividends, et cetera. And so we're following the policy. We're keeping our debt very low. The cash flow that we've generated since the policy started, over 50% has gone to shareholders, but the other 50% is some of it's still on our balance sheet because we've got projects earmarked to fund. So we're following the policy. We think it's a great balance between balance sheet, capital returns to shareholders and investing in our long-term growth and we're going to continue to follow that.
Kathleen Quirk: Brian, that's exactly the point that we're making and I think as we talked about earlier with the government now owning a big piece of PT-FI and participating in our – in our business and our operating committee, they understand that this has to be planned with long-term horizons. And so there's not a drop dead date but the sooner the better because the closer we get to 2041, the more – the more difficult it would be to – to change the – change the outcome. So that's – that's a point, a really important point and the government has – has recognized this more so now than they ever have and that gives us the opportunity to have this – have this discussion about moving forward with a – with the extension. The smelter is a big part of that. We with the – with the smelter completion, the regulations in Indonesia now allow for companies with – with refined processing facilities to be able to apply for longer term horizons. And so the regulatory environment is recognizing that and – and that's all part of what we're – we're trying to achieve. It's not a specific date, but the sooner the better in terms of long-term planning.
Kathleen Quirk: And Brian, if you look at our – our resource statement and the 10-K, you'll see there's a lot of resource there that's not in reserves and some of that's material that, that comes after 2041, some of it would require some additional processing type handling because some of it has high pyrite content and that – that could be a challenge and an opportunity for us. But initially the opportunity really is a Deep MLZ we're already starting to conduct some – some exploration below Deep MLZ. So really from what we know about, we think there's a lot of opportunity. And then with a lack of mine extension we'll have – we'll have incentive to go do more exploration because we haven’t done exploration for – 20 plus years, given we already had enough reserves to get us through 2041. So it’s a great opportunity for, as Richard said, both the government and for Freeport. And this is an asset that, that’s really needed, in the global copper industry really, really important.
Kathleen Quirk: The regulation – the regulation that’s just been adjusted goes through May of 2024. And we have export quotas that the government approves in connection with their review of our annual work plans. So our current quota that we’ll be shipping under goes through the year end this year of 2023, we’ll have to update that work plan, which we is just an ordinary course thing, which we do in the fall and that will allow us to increase the, what we the quota to get us through May. And then in connection with that, and we’ve already been discussing this with the government while the smelter we expect will be, mechanically complete in the second quarter of next year, you still have a multi-month period throughout 2024 and it’ll be reducing over time, but a period of time where the smelter needs to be ramped up. And so that part we will continue to review with the government. The big thing is to get mechanical completion done and we believe the government will continue to work with us to allow for some exports beyond that. But we’ll have to – we’ll have to work that through with the government. But really by the end of next year we are – we’re expecting that the essentially we’ll have enough capacity to deal with our production out of PT-FI. And that’s what we’re focused on doing. We talked about this earlier. The project team is doing a really good job. We’re very pleased with our EPC contractor there. We’ve got thousands of people on the ground and if you see the pictures, it’s really, really developing. We know and recognize that smelter operations can be complex and we’re doing a lot of work and planning around operational readiness. But our target is to get, the full ramp up done as we, by the end of next year.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, thanks everyone for your participation. If you have any follow ups, feel free to contact David and we look forward to continue to report to you on our progress.
Richard Adkerson: Thanks, Kathleen, and good morning everybody. Thanks for joining us. The positive second quarter results, at outlook we're reporting today, reflect that our operational performance has been in line with our plans and our prior guidance. Our teams and Freeport's global operations are executing with focus, drive and enthusiasm, all hallmarks of the Freeport culture. Fundamentals in the global copper market remain positive. Despite the frequently expressed concerns about a global economic slowdown and issues in China, electrification is expanding with ongoing advances in alternative energy, electric vehicles, connectivity and supporting infrastructure. Global copper inventories remain remarkably low, and this is notable in the context of the concerns about the global economy in China. The current demand for copper is much stronger than headline economic data. While market experts have significantly varying views about the short-term outlook for the economy and for the price of copper, there's a growing positive consensus on the medium and longer term outlook based on projected demand growing faster than supply development. Freeport is extraordinarily well situated in these circumstances with our large scale currently producing assets, which we're focused on executing the ongoing positive performance and attractive pipeline for future growth from the large scale undeveloped reserves and resources already in our current asset base. Kathleen, we'll now summarize the quarter and our outlook, and then I'll be back along with our team to answer any questions you may have.
Richard Adkerson: Sure. Josh, you’re on the line. Why don’t you respond to that? I was just at Cerro Verde and I got to tell you, I was so proud of what the team’s done down there.
Richard Adkerson: We have a long history in Peru and Cerro Verde of being able to deal. Sometimes we get affected by strikes, not related to our operations and so forth, but our team is prepared for it. And we’re hopeful that this thing gets resolved is not really a major substance issue in my observation on it. And our team will be able to manage our way through it if in fact we have to deal with it.
Richard Adkerson: Let’s answer your first question. Yeah, let’s go ahead and answer that. One of the complications we had with this is that the domestic smelter at Gresik that PT Smelting owns, which is not affected by any sort of export issues. It was undergoing a maintenance – a plant maintenance turnaround. So there was limited concentrates we could ship domestically. That has been completed and now we’ve begun returning to shipping to Gresik. We haven’t shut down at all. We’ve – our team is adjusted to the situation by advancing some plant maintenance activities that we had for the second half of the year. And while the storage facilities were approaching their limits or meeting their limits, we have not had a significant – we’ve had some impact, but not a significant impact on operations. We anticipate resuming exports very shortly and we have a lot of concentrate that’s been produced that’s on site that’s ready to sell and we’ll be moving that to market.
Richard Adkerson: All indications are and expectations are is that we will be able to export. We’re continuing discussions right now to present our case. And if we can resolve it, that would be the best outcome. If we can’t, we’d begin to exports and then pursue our legal rights separately.
Richard Adkerson: And Carlos, you know this industry well enough to see what’s been going on with project costs around the globe. And I joined Kathleen and complimenting our smelter team, but our overall operations team, our supply chain management, you see what our cost performance is in a world that’s still affected by inflation. I mean, commodity related costs are down, but overall we are taking that and running it through with all of our suppliers. And when you look at our operating cost and our project cost, I’m really proud of our operating and supply management teams for the good work they’re doing.
Richard Adkerson: The 10% would only come into play after 2041. And a key factor is under the 2018 agreement, Freeport-McMoRan manages, controls the management of the operations and everybody's happy with that. There's widespread recognition in the government of just how complicated this business is, and they're very complementary and pleased with our – the way we're running the business. So it's really a good partnership.
Richard Adkerson: Mike, we believe the shares – I just want to say, Mike, we believe the shares are a good value at today's levels.
Richard Adkerson: And Brian just let me say because of the IUPK term, we only report reserves through 2041. But with our work to develop our mine plans to 2041, we've already identified production that would extend production of significance that would extend beyond that. And Mark Johnson our PT-FI team are already started the process of looking at delineating these ore bodies to see what opportunities are there. And so we would as we did, as you said in the early 2000s for – for this underground conversion, we would get immediately in developing the plans long-term for extending production. Kucing Liar, we know goes far beyond that and we haven't defined the limits of the Grasberg Block Cave or the – or the other ore body Kathleen have alluded.
Richard Adkerson: Deep MLZ, that's – that's the same ore system that Freeport began mining in the early 1980s and it's just continued to go further and further at depth. So we're really excited about it and I've been involved in this ore body for so many years and one continual thing is been, it's always gotten bigger than anybody anticipated that would and so it's – it's really an exciting opportunity for us and for the government.
Richard Adkerson: Well you wouldn't have to do a whole common infrastructure. I mean, it would be something that would utilize what we have there and extend beyond that. But the truth is we have a lot of indications of things, but we really need to do more active delineation drilling to see what's there and then develop our plans around that.
Richard Adkerson: Brian. And you’ll remember this – you’ll remember this Brian, because you were around then. The – when we first started developing this underground operations that 20 years ago we were shooting for 120,000 tons a day through our mill. Look what we did in this quarter, 240,000 tons a day. So that’s just the nature of this great ore body.
