Kathleen L. Quirk: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Our results were released earlier this morning and a copy of the press release and slides for today's call are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet, and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our 2015 Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. On the call today are Richard Adkerson, Chief Executive Officer of FCX; and Red Conger, President of Americas and Africa. I'll start by briefly summarizing the financial results, and then turn the call over to Richard, who will review our recent performance and outlook. As usual, we'll open our – after our remarks, we'll open the call up for questions. Today, FCX reported a net loss attributable to common stock of $479 million, or $0.38 per share for the second quarter of 2016. As detailed in the release the net loss attributable to common stock included a special item totaling $452 million, or $0.36 per share during the second quarter, primarily for the previously reported drillship settlements and impairment of our oil and gas properties partly offset by net gains on the sale of assets. After adjusting for these net charges, our second quarter adjusted net loss attributable to common stock totaled $27 million, or $0.02 a share. Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for second quarter of 2016, approximated $966 million, we have a slide on the deck that shows you the go forward of getting to that number. And during the second quarter, we completed previously announced asset sales for aggregate consideration of $1.3 billion, that included the $1 billion sale of the additional 13% undivided interest in Morenci during May. And also in May, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell our interest in TF Holdings Limited for $2.65 billion in cash and contingent consideration of up to $120 million. In accordance with the accounting guidelines as you'll see in the release, the results of Tenke are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. During the quarter, our consolidated sales volume totaled 1.1 billion pounds of copper, 156,000 ounces of gold, 19 million pounds of molybdenum and 12.4 million barrels of oil equivalents. Our average price of copper was $2.18 per pound. That was below last year's second quarter average of $2.71 per pound. Gold averaged $1,292 during the quarter. That was above last year's quarterly average of $1,174. and our realized price for crude oil of $41 per barrel was below last year's quarterly average price of just under $68 per barrel, which included $12 per barrel in realized gains on derivative contracts. Unit net cash cost for the quarter averaged $1.33 per pound, that was lower as expected than the year ago period of $1.50 per pound, and that primarily reflects the higher copper volumes and economies of scale that have come in during the quarter as anticipated, and the impact of ongoing cost reduction initiatives partly offset by lower gold and silver credits. We generated operating cash flows during the quarter of $874 million, which exceeded our capital expenditures of $833 million during the quarter. As previously reported, we have exchanged some of our senior notes into equity through July 25. Yesterday, we exchanged a total of $369 million in face amount of bonds at a cost of $311 million or approximately 28 million shares of our common stock in a series of privately negotiated transactions. Our debt at the end of June was $19.3 billion and consolidated cash was approximately $350 million. We ended the quarter with no borrowings under our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility. And we ended this quarter and currently have approximately 1.33 billion common shares outstanding, which includes the shares that we issued through yesterday, in connection with the settlement of the debt exchange. I'd now like to turn the call over to Richard, who'll be referring to our slide materials and discussing our operations and outlook.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Yeah. That's what it is. We've forecast through a fourth quarter kind of middle fourth quarter closing date. So, we've just forecast what we would have through that closing date.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Yeah. And we're managing – what you might be referring to, Chris, is the CapEx budget that we've reduced from $3.3 billion to $3.1 billion in 2016 and we've got slightly higher, about $100 million higher in 2017 than the previous estimate. But we're continuing in this market environment that we're in to emphasize deferring spending, our team has done a great job in finding ways to use equipment that we have, we talk about buying at home. And so the real focus is on cash flow net of CapEx and we've got the whole organization measuring on those bases. So we're working on lower for longer and we hope that that turns, but we do want to try to have sustainable long-term cost savings, both operating cost and capital savings as we go forward.
Kathleen L. Quirk: There will be variability from quarter to quarter and a slight change in grade can have a big impact, but we expect, as you see, with 2.5 million ounces that's our share, we'll have a strong quarterly gold volume throughout 2017. There will be some variability, though.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Yes. We resumed the Tenke sale in the fourth quarter, so that does include any CapEx from Tenke. We had scaled back way back the CapEx from Tenke in 2017 following completion of the asset plan this year. So we had very little capital in any case projected previously for Tenke.
Kathleen L. Quirk: So we've restructured the business in a way where we don't have required commitments, but we are working with the team to develop capital allocation strategies that allow us to retain value in the assets, while not requiring CapEx above the cash flow being generated. So we're developing plans to allow that business to continue to generate cash to cover its CapEx. And because of the money we've spent historically, the lease acreage position we have, the strategic position we have around these strategic platforms, we do have organic inventory that we can manage over time, and that's what we're really trying to do. Like Richard said, if another buyer came in, they may do things differently than what we are doing, but we're allocating capital to the business in a manner that protects the asset values but doesn't require cash above its internally generated funds.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Dave, and another factor is the sale of the Haynesville gas which impacts volumes, but not really cash flows. So, you have probably two-thirds from well performance that Richard talked about, but a one-third of it is related to this Haynesville transaction which we report on equivalent basis, but it really had very little impact on our cash flow for 2017 net of capital spend.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Well, we do disclose the five-year outlook for Grasberg. So, you can see the impact in between 2017 and 2018 in Grasberg principally on total volumes. And we'll be updating our numbers in a little bit, we haven't set a date for disclosing 2018 on a consolidated basis, but the biggest impact you will see is the decline at Grasberg in 2018.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Yeah. And I think also, just one follow-up on that. It also is going to be market driven as well. We still have some production curtailed. And so, that will be, our mine plans will be reviewed on an ongoing basis depending on market conditions. So, both in North America and South America we've got some production that's still curtailed.
Richard C. Adkerson: 5 billion pounds. Our Sierrita mine, which we anticipate at closing, went to work and found ways of finding some volumes at a very attractive cost level that offset the lower production in Indonesia. Gold production reflects the Indonesia issues that we talked about. Molybdenum increased just because of – principally because of Sierrita and because of markets that have improved some; and oil production is lower. We have sold our interest in the Haynesville gas field and so those barrels equivalent are out. There has been an operational issue because of the gas plant problem in Pascagoula, Mississippi that's limited some of our production as well as a startup production at the – with our three new wells. Operating cash flows at $2.25 copper are modeled to be $4.5 billion with substantial leverage of $260 million for each $0.10 change in copper price. Unit costs are consistent with previous guidance and on this basis $1.06 per pound and capital spending is couple hundred billion dollars less than previous guidance. Our sales profile, as we look forward, from 2015 to 2016, we got the 5 billion pounds that I just talked about, that would drop in 2017 principally because of the sale, Tenke is the big factor there. That is expected to close later this year and would reduce volumes. You can see the gold coming out of Grasberg as we mine the end of the pit, and what our Molybdenum and oil sales would be. Our chart that we show each quarter for our EBITDA and cash flows show it over a range of $2 and $2.50. It shows operating cash flows ranging from $3.5 billion to $5 billion over those copper prices and then capital expenditures and we're going to manage this in relation to market conditions would be dropping from $6.350 million in 2015 to just over $3 billion this year to $2.3 billion in 2017. So, the cash flow numbers that we talked about earlier reflects substantial cash coming out of the operation of our business. Kathleen went over with you the 3(a)(9) exchanges, in which we were able to retire roughly $370 million of debt. We had a cost in terms of the share price of $311 million. We'll continue to look for opportunities like this. And then when we look at our balance sheet and our ability to manage it, not only do we have a plan of getting our debt down, which we would believe be by the end of 2017, we'll be at an acceptable level to allow us to focus on growth as market conditions allow. We also have ways of dealing with our near-term maturities of half the proceeds of the Tenke transaction will be used to reduce our bank term loans, pursuant to our agreement with the bank. The remaining half will then be available as cash to retire the deal with our 2017 maturities. So, we've dealt with 2016, 2017 and we're going to continually looking at capital market transactions to – with – let me just say non-equity capital markets transactions in a way to deal and maximize the maturity picture going forward. So, this is a little chart we use as we talk about proving our mettle for this year in an enthusiastic and resilient manner. And I'm pleased to report for the first six months we've had a great track record of doing that and moving our sales forward on a really clearly defined business and financial strategy. So, thank you for bearing with me with all of that. It felt like it's an important quarter to cover these things and now I look forward to your questions.
Richard C. Adkerson: All right, Orest. Yeah, yeah, that – you know, that's a good point. While we have found some ways and we continue to search for ways to differ capital, we changed the mine plants and have done certain things. What we have not done yet, what we have not done yet is differ the necessary steps that would allow us to begin ramping up the Grasberg block cave production once the pit is completed, now that would be early 2018. So the balancing act and this has been a major point of focus for us in the first half of the year. I went to Grasberg and I sat down with our team, we did a detailed review of what it would mean if we were simply to defer the spending of the $1 billion a year that we've been spending recently to develop this underground resource. What would happen, it would be significant layoffs and we're over 90% of the economy in Mimika. The resulting social disruptions there, which is – which are a significant concern are unknown. If for sure we do what you just said, it would result in a deferral for the ramp up of the Grasberg block cave. And once you did mobilize the team that's working on this, remobilizing that team and coming back in would be a significant exercise beyond just the time of spending it. And that would have a major negative impact as I said, both on us and on the government. Now we are basing our decision to do this on the assurances we've received from the government in recent years, but most clearly articulated in the October 8 letter last year that they will extend our contract. And recent – my recent discussions with the highest level of officials in the government reaffirmed that commitment to doing that. So, we are saying that we need to have that done in the near-term, explaining to them the consequences if we – to them as well to us of deferring those expenditures but to date we have not made that major decision. So, we're online – that work by the way has gone exceedingly well. And the underlying economics are strongly in favor of us doing what we're doing.
Richard C. Adkerson: There are some important dates along that line. One had been this August 8 this year, in the near-term for getting the extension of our export permit. We've been given assurance we'll get that. There is also an existing regulation in Indonesia. It's a government regulation, not part of the mining law that prohibits exports beginning in January 2017. That regulation is going to have to be changed or else that would be a major trigger point for us. And our contract provides that if the government takes actions in any way, but through large regulations that provides – that is inconsistent with our contract, then we have legal rights to pursue damages against that. We do not want to do that, we want to find a cooperative way of working this out with the government. The government is telling us they want to find a cooperative way of doing it so we're going to take advantage of this common ground that we now have to deal with it. But those, in response to your question, Orest, so that are the real trigger dates for us.
Richard C. Adkerson: That's correct. That was – they had this 2009 mining law that was aimed at Indonesia exports of ore. We originally thought it didn't apply to copper concentrate. Two years later, there was a regulation passed that extended it to copper concentrate, and there was a regulation that said, no exports of this ore would be allowed beyond January 2017.
Richard C. Adkerson: There is a lot of pressures economically in Indonesia right now for them to relax that. The country financially would be harmed significantly by banning exports, and we don't think they're likely to do that.
Richard C. Adkerson: Thank you, Red. In terms of – that was great. Yeah. Now the operation there is going great. Our team is cooperating, our work with China Moly as we plan transition is going very well. China Moly is committed to maintain the quality of operations, the standards of environmental, and social programs and so forth. So we're working very cooperatively with them, everybody – I think everybody knows this but China Moly is a non-state owned Chinese company.
Richard C. Adkerson: No, it does not. And it doesn't include, it doesn't include ATM proceeds, it doesn't include any sale of oil and gas assets, it does not include any sale of additional shares in PT-FI.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, the $150 million you referenced is a cut in non-capital cost with oil and gas group, that's G&A and other cost that might be reported as lease operating expenses, for example. That reflects a major reduction in employment there, and we're still working on cost for office facilities and other support facilities, so that is sustainable. We had previously, beginning in 2015, although we've had a culture of doing this all along, have been very tough on managing costs in our mining business. Part that over time where we may end up having to increase some cost is – Kathleen has been work really strongly with Red and his team about reducing maintenance capital in the mining business. And we've done a great job in cutting that back. Over time, we may have to spend a bit more capital in maintaining our facilities and so forth. But other than the Grasberg investments that I just talked about, we don't see major new capital projects in the mining business until the market warrants it.
Richard C. Adkerson: And I just want to say this, we had all of our mine managers that work under Red together week before last and we have a great team, everybody is highly motivated, understands the issues, working to achieve these objectives. And I'm really proud to be part of the team.
Richard C. Adkerson: It is. I mean, we started off the year saying that every asset we had was up for consideration for sale. And we made progress. We continue to have discussions. But we're still telling the market and tell bankers if you got ideas for our business, come share them with us. And we've had a lot of interest and a lot of discussions. And that's what I talk about the balancing act, the balancing act is what we could raise, what will we be left with to build a company around, and – whereas at the beginning of the year, we didn't know, we thought we might have to sell some of these core assets, we thought we might have to sell Cerro Verde. We had a lot of interest in it. So, you're exactly right, with the plan we have now, as I said definitely now, if you like, we've turned the corner, we can see the way forward, without further asset sales, without further equity sales. We still have strategic decisions to make about the oil and gas business and about PT-FI shares as part of our arrangements with the government and we've got market uncertainties that we're going to have to monitor as we go along. But as I said, we see clarity now that we didn't have before and that clarity shows us the way to get to where we wanted to get to without having further asset sales. And so, if we can have an asset sale that would be less dilutive than an equity sale, that's the way we evaluate it. We want to do the – we want to get to where we need to get to in terms of having good balance sheet and do it in the most, the least dilutive fashion that we could get to.
Richard C. Adkerson: All right. We have had just a great relationship with the – Freeport with the Government of the DRC. I mean, it was rocky at the start, but we've built a great relationship. We've operated the mine in a first-class fashion. We've had a great relationship with Gécamines, it's a state-owned company that owns an interest in Tenke Fungurume Mining and an exceptional relationship with Lundin, our partner there. We sold Lundin, our Candelaria mine in Chile. So – and we love the asset, I mean, we really like to having this part of our portfolio. So when circumstances required to sell it, everybody was disappointed. We were disappointed, Lundin was disappointed, Gécamines was disappointed, the government was disappointed. So, we've had it and this was not unexpected. So we had to deal with that disappointment. We have confidence that CMOC, China Moly, is a good partner and they are going to be a good partner for the country, and they're taking steps to explain that both to Lundin and to the Gécamines and the government. The government would obviously like to get some financial compensation out of this, but legally, this is a transaction that does not relate to Tenke Fungurume Mining, which has the contract with the government, it's had a higher tier company, and there is no legal basis for anything other than continuation. So, the China Moly and Lundin are having discussions together about the future, Lundin has certain transfer rights that are publically known, and they mutually made a decision that they would like to have some additional time to consider that those transfer rights in their partnership going forward. We don't expect any delay. China Moly is reporting to us the approvals that they are getting in China and they have a strong economic interest to getting this thing closed, and we expect them to do it.
Richard C. Adkerson: And they really emphasized in their communications process that the benefits to the government of the Congo and employees and the community will be sustained going forward. There is no changes in that.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, as we go forward, because we're constraining capital so much, we continue to generate even at the lower Grasberg volumes excess cash flows. In 2018, it's essentially breakeven, but if you look forward beyond that, as Grasberg grows and ramps up, we have a future of generation of excess cash flows. And we will continue moderating the time that we start reinvesting in our copper resources based on market conditions then. And as we look at what the debt levels would be, there won't be any arbitrary ratios and so forth, but it would be based on a then assessment of what market risks are, market conditions are. And I'm looking forward to the time when Freeport returns again to thinking about increasing dividends and returning cash to shareholders. So we have a future that allows us to look forward to that day, based on the rectification of our balance sheet now that we've got the clear line of sight after dealing with the losses we had from this oil and gas deal.
Richard C. Adkerson: And, Andrew, this is something we've been seeing and talking about since the production of the – going back to 1998 when we first set out on this. We designed the ultimate pit limits and so forth, this has been in our plans ever since then.
Richard C. Adkerson: And the thing that Kathleen's talking about as we get down to the bottom of the pit, there is only one access road. And so depending on how things go, just a little bit of change in where we mine or production issues can push things from quarter-to-quarter.
Richard C. Adkerson: That's a good question, Tony. These are new rules and the process was started mid-year last year, rules have been published, but how the rules would be administered is still unclear and our team is monitoring this, prepared to work with the government on it. And all can say is we're going to work with them and deal with it as best we can. We've had experience with this, as you well know, Tony, because we have to deal with financial assurance obligations with states in our mining business now and the Federal government through EPA is talking about this. So this is a growing area of emphasis and globally with events that have happened has put this on emphasis for. So we just have to deal with it. We've got uncertainties and we'll report to you as we go along. But you're right, Tony, this has had an impact on potential buyers. It's a different situation from an established operator in the deepwater to having either a smaller company or a financial buyer, which would have to deal with these in different ways because the way the government has historically administered, and we're unsure exactly how it's going to go forward, but they've provided some waivers into these kinds of obligations depending on the scope of an operators' operations in Gulf.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, let's see, to make sure I can address this in a right way, without a need to do it, but strategically beyond just meeting the financial objectives of balance sheet management could lead us to make decisions about selling interest in PT-FI shares or doing something with the oil and gas assets. But we're not forced to do anything now to meet our financial objectives. We've got a plan that allows us to do that and now we can step back and deal with these other things strategically rather than as financial imperatives.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes. I would tell you the tone we've had with the senior government officials has been good for some time now. I've had the chance of watching President, Joko Widodo closely, as he's been in United States and as he talked internationally about foreign investment and so forth. And there is not an issue of tone there. Within the country politically there is a feeling of resource nationalism, which is true of lots of places around the world today. And with us what's going on here in United States, but I'm convinced the President and senior advisors understand the issues from an Indonesia standpoint. We've had some complicated political circumstances in Indonesia over the past, say, nine months or so. And those have made progress. And I think that's had more of an impact on my sense of where we are. The Batu Hijau Mine that Newmont managed and had a significant interest in, it's apples and oranges to Grasberg in terms of size, grade, profitability and so forth. And I think the country is taking pride that an Indonesian group is stepping up to buy it. Many people there would like to see Indonesians own more of PT-FI. Biting off, managing Grasberg is a whole different situation than managing Batu Hijau just in terms of its complexity and its location in Papua and the development of the underground resources and environmental management, et cetera, et cetera. So I think the other factors are more of encourage to me than the Batu Hijau Mine.
Richard C. Adkerson: I'm afraid that Newmont were pleased with the transaction. We are working with the government to have them understand the fair value of our asset.
Richard C. Adkerson: Right. So, let's start at El Abra because, John, these are like Cerro Verde, relatively low-grade deposits that are very large. And so to make them economic, you need to have substantial grinding capacity – processing capacity. So Cerro Verde, what's good about it is the exploration work we're doing, the core drilling has to find the resource, so we don't have the risk of the resource. The issue is and it's things that we do. Execution of the plan is something we're very confident about. It's just the capital to build the desalination plant and then transports that water form sea level up to – Red, what's the...
Richard C. Adkerson: 10,000 feet, and then build the processing facility. That's a lot of capital. So that's basically what you have there. In the U.S. there is similar situation at Bagdad. It's very large low-grade deposit. And we have those similar situations in Chino in New Mexico, Morenci. The one project that really looks exciting in the U.S. that has a little different characteristic to it is the Lone Star deposit. And we've talked about Lone Star since 2007. But now we are reaching the end of the oxide life of Safford. We have those facilities. And we can work our way in the Lone Star by mining the oxide cap there, which will allow us to use these facilities that are available in the adjoining Safford mine, and that would ultimately expose an enormous sulfide resource, big, low grade, which would allow us to take a step towards getting the benefit from it and then have the opportunity to do a large scale concentrator development. There is also a sulfide deposit at depth at Safford. And so how we deal with those together gives us a way to phase into it that's not available with other projects.
Richard C. Adkerson: Absolutely, and I want to tell you, that's been the strength of our company. The early development of the SAG mills at Grasberg was a big deal. The development now of high-pressure grinding roll mills at Grasberg and Cerro Verde that's one thing that allowed us to do Cerro Verde in such an efficient way. And then Red, talk a little bit about new mill at Morenci. It's amazing.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes, it's brand new technology and it's amazing to see how much material can go through it at such a smaller size than the big SAG mills that I was used to at Grasberg and at what energy efficiency. So it's fair to say that we're at the cusp of technology and operations throughout the copper mining industry and that's what we do. We're going to be very disciplined. I want to call everybody else, we're planning at this point, John, to work on it and our team is really excited about it. But we're going to be very disciplined about spending capital and we're going to be confident that the market needs this copper we're producing. It will need it, I'm confident of that. It's just a question of time.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, that's what we're spending a lot of time on with our team in Houston. I was just there last week. And that was the key focus of what we're talking about. You're right in saying the nature of oil and gas production in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico involves inherent declines. But we have the benefit for several years now of wells that were drilled since we acquired Plains in 2013 that we have hooked up and have begun production on. And the effect of that is deferring the time when the decline hits us. So sort of like what we're doing here in the mining business, we're looking at different scenarios of where can you invest over time at the lowest risk, minimizing capital kinds of investments to arrest that decline. So we have several years to deal with that, but looking out in the long-term future would require reinvestment to maintain these levels of production.
Richard C. Adkerson: And respectively for buyers, there's ways of growing, because we've identified a number of potential drilling opportunities that don't require new platform development, because we have all this unused capacity in the existing platforms. So there is great opportunity here. It does require capital and in the deepwater a significant capital, time lags for it to bring production on stream. In this Vito basin area, there is tremendous opportunities, and that's what I'm saying is strategically we're saying, our focus is going to be on the copper business. We want to make sure that if we talk to people about buying the assets or joint venture relationships or people we might want to come in overtime and invest with us to help minimize our capital, these are good assets and there is great opportunities for it.
Richard C. Adkerson: There is certain things you have to spend. One of the things has to do with partner commitments. In other words, you'll have other partners in some of these opportunities and you'd have to participate or not. And if you don't, you lose the opportunity. There are some timing on lease requirements. So we have some flexibility, as I said, for several years, but long-term to be in this business, you've got to have a reinvestment opportunity and you've got to have a view for growth.
Richard C. Adkerson: And I'll say this, in – my direct management of this group really started this quarter, and we have a really good professional team of technical guys running that business. They are impressive. They're recognized within the industry. My biggest concern was safety, as you can imagine, and everybody is committed to having safety as a first priority. They're really good guys, really know what they're doing. And we've worked out arrangements with them to be consistent with our corporate strategy. So I feel very good about the way all that's working.
Richard C. Adkerson: We here at Freeport have a tradition of every quarter assessing where things are. We don't wait for any annual planning session. It's a continual basis of allocating capital, making decisions and we're going to inform you guys of how we're doing that.
Richard C. Adkerson: All right. Well, the big issue had to do with these three new wells that we had at what we call Holstein Deep. These wells were drilled. The logs on the well, electric logs that analyze the reservoirs prior to getting production were very strong. Unfortunately, there were limits because of the nature of the wells, the depth and so forth of where certain aspects about the quality of the oil, the permeability, the viscosity were simply not available and the initial projections were based on analogists' data from the area, from other experiences, and so there was just limited data. This is common in the industry. And when these wells came on-stream, it was readily apparent that the crude oil quality, the in-situ permeability throughout the field was different than expected. The viscosity was measurably higher than pre-test expectations. And so, it was just a case of where the wells weren't able to produce what they were expected to produce. And it was fairly significant. At the outset, the three wells, we were looking at 24,000 barrels a day, that we had lowered it a bit for our second quarter plans, but they're producing at 8,500 barrels a day, 9,000 barrels a day now.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah. Industry standards have this equivalency at six to one, relatively sales prices today are 15 to 1. So, we were calculating barrels equivalent to six to one. And I went back and looked and since we acquired Plains, we've had basically zero cash flows out of Haynesville. And yet that's going to show up as that number of barrels equivalent is just a problem with the way the industry reports stuff.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, that's what the market is leading us to right now. We could well have a period of time of where we will have announced new projects to develop and being engaged in developing them, just like we were in 2011 to 2016 with Tenke, Morenci and Cerro Verde. If market conditions improve by then, what you could hear us say is, okay, we're going to start on these projects, we're going have this capital plan to execute it and it's going to take time to execute it. And so, the stock at that point will be reflecting that growth plan, we might depending on market conditions have excess cash flows. I'm fine with having those excess cash flows go to shareholders. We clearly could be in a position of being re-engaged in the market looking for other opportunities, but that's an option. We wouldn't feel any imperative to do anything other than focus on building our business long-term and if we have cash flows returning to shareholders. To me philosophically, that's what a natural resource company ought to do, not feel compelled to invest just because you're having money, but have the opportunities to have capital discipline, good rates of return, show how growth would occur through that process. I keep telling all these people who are sitting on the other table about negotiating right now, I wish I were in your shoes, I wish we had a company where we could be buying assets now rather than selling, but we're not, we can't wish that away, we are what we are. But look, Dave, I'd be fine to be in that condition, to have good markets, long-term investments and if you generate excess cash, overfunding those investments, get a right capital structure to the earlier question about what would be a good debt level to have in that environment; if you got excess cash, pay your shareholders.
Richard C. Adkerson: Right. Well, you're right. There are legal obligations that as a public company board is saddled with. But look, there is one thing that we share with our board now and our management team, we're all in this to build shareholder value and I mean we're all committed to it. We're all trying to find the best way to do it. My only point was, that's what we're about. That's kind of like my response to Dave's question about investment in growth. So, we've told the world that you know if there is some way of generating shareholder value now that's reasonable and attractive, there is not going to be barriers to our company considering it.
Richard C. Adkerson: No, it's going to be used as an overall management process of what makes sense. We had a later slide that showed that we basically covered our maturities through 2017. And so, we're going to be examining how to manage those maturities for 2018 forward and this will be part of the ingredients that go into that analysis for it. But there is nothing specific that we've targeted for right now.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. Thank you, Lucas. Those two specific issues are part of a package of resolving our contract situation. We've been very clear with the government. We can't build a smelter without a contract extension. I mean that is a major construction progress. We've done a lot of work on it, we've got site selection done, we're working with preliminary engineering, design, we've got a real clear view of what it would be required. But we can't spend significant capital on it without having a contract extension, just think about it. We start today, the smelter construction period extends at least into 2019. And if you don't have assurance from your contract, you're not going to build a smelter and not have that assurance. The same way with divestiture, we've indicated a willingness to invest even though our contract award has no requirements that we do legally in terms of trying to meet the aspirations of people of Indonesia and its government, we've said we would divest an incremental 20%-plus. But again, that would only happen if we have a contract extension. The valuation of this business, if you just say we got a contract through 2021 is unreasonable based on the investments that we make. The investments we've made has been to develop this resource for the next 25 years. And for our shareholders, we couldn't sell it without getting a return on those investments and a fair valuation for operations extending over the next 25 years. So, that's conditional in the contract as well.
Richard C. Adkerson: Let me just say one thing about slide 30. It's out of perspective because we've always, as I mentioned this earlier, we were always going to have these exceptional years in 2016, 2017 because we're down at the bottom of the pit, high grades, no stripping, et cetera. So, historically, we never expected as we first got into this expanded operations at Grasberg in 1998 to be able to have this level of production of copper and gold after the pit expired. The resource has grown so much, the way that we process it has been established. So, these numbers are pretty – relatively consistent with what we had before these exceptional years in 2016, 2017. So the resource is very large in terms of both the copper and gold production, the unit cost will be low, it's a world-class asset beyond 2017.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah. And just as a point of information, this is net of Rio Tinto's interest here. After 2021, Rio Tinto has 40% as a joint venture partner in this. These numbers which you see on slide 30 are not consolidated, but net to Freeport.
Richard C. Adkerson: We could go on forever and some might say that indeed we have today. So, at any event, we wanted to try to answer your questions, we appreciate your attention and we are available to follow-up through David Joint if you have further questions. Thanks, everyone.
