Kathleen Quirk: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan conference call. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter 2022 operating and financial results, and a copy of today’s press release and slides are available on our website at fcx.com. Our call today is being broadcast live on the Internet and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has also been invited to listen to today’s call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, I’d like to remind everyone that today’s press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. I’d like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. On the call today with me are Richard Adkerson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Maree Robertson, our CFO, is on the line; Josh Olmsted, who heads our Americas operations is on the line; Mark Johnson, who heads our Indonesian business is on the line; Rick Coleman is on the line, who have helped us with the projects and construction; Cory Stevens is on the line, who is spearheading our engineering and technical services groups, including the leaching initiatives; and Mike Kendrick is on who runs our molybdenum business; we also have Steve Higgins, our Chief Administrative Officer. Richard is going to make a few opening remarks and then we will turn to our presentation, slide materials and go through that and then open up the call for questions. And so now I’d like to turn the call over to Richard for his opening comments.
Kathleen Quirk: Thanks, Emily. We have experienced some positive, and that’s what’s given us more confidence to get to this run rate. We have experienced some improved recoveries, particularly at Morenci, where that’s been the start of this focus was at Morenci. That has offset the improvements that we’ve had in leach production during 2022, has offset some shortfalls we had in 2022 associated with lower placements as we struggle through labor situation with mining rates. But in terms of the actual benefits to date, we are starting to see those. So you’re talking about, by the end of next year, getting to 50 million pounds per quarter on a run rate basis. We’re already probably third of the way there in terms of what we’re seeing now. But what we’ve got to do is not only see the improvements in recovery, but get the material placed. And that’s been the challenge in 2022 is getting additional material placed to meet our base production. But the leach initiative has helped us offset some of these shortfalls in other areas.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, we’re completing the feasibility study. We expect to complete the feasibility study in the first half of next year. And so we will have the opportunity at that point to look at the situation, look at the availability of labor, look at the inflationary environment that we’re in, in terms of executing a project in the environment and look at the overall market conditions. So what we’re doing now is really getting to a point where we can make a decision and have the project feasibility ready to go so that we will have optionality of when to start it. But I think it’s fair to say if we wouldn’t pull the trigger today to start. We need to see some improvements in just the overall availability of labor, need to see some improvements in just the tightness that’s going on in supply chains and the tough execution environment for construction projects and just the overall copper market. But these are options that we have. And so we don’t have any kind of time line to start it. We want to start it when it makes sense when the market needs it, and so we have that flexibility within the portfolio to do that. But we’re continuing the feasibility study so that we can be in that position next year.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. Chris, historically, what we’ve done, and we’ve got a really, really experienced team at this. Historically, what we’ve done is look at each mine individually and looked at opportunities to reduce cost, to keep mine’s cash flow positive during weak environments. And what’s different right now, and I don’t – if we do get into a recession, I think that we’re going to start to see some of these historical correlations come more in line. But right now, we’ve got the copper prices that have declined significantly, but input costs have not at this point. I think that if we do get into a really tough situation, our cost situation may get some risk. But in any case, what we do is we go through each mine, look at the operating plans, determine how we can optimize those operating plans. What it tends to mean is that we tend to look at where can we cut back on the mining rate to get to a better cash flow situation. We did that in 2020. We’ve certainly done it ‘08, ‘09. We did it in ‘15, ‘16. We’ve done it multiple times. So we do – if we get into the situation, where it is – we’ve got big surpluses building in copper, the world doesn’t need our copper, we certainly have the playbook on how to address that. The difference now is that the world does seem to need our copper. So the inventories are very tight. We’ve been recovering from the 2020 downturn where we took down a lot of production, took down a lot of mining rates and we’re ramping back up. And it takes a long time to get that flywheel going. So I don’t think we’re going to be very rash to cut mine rates and do what we need to do, unless it’s a very difficult situation. Now what’s different now than it was in 2020 is Grasberg is doing so well. And the match of having our Grasberg mine it really does provide very strong results, one of the lowest cost mines in the world. And so that – having that line up and running and doing so well is a benefit. We’ve also got a very different balance sheet than we’ve had historically. But we’re going to be smart about how we look at this. We’re not going to produce at a loss. If the world needs our copper, it needs to be – we need to have a margin. So we’re going to do what we need to do, the levers that we have to pull are the same levers that we’ve had in the past, big reductions in CapEx probably the first thing. And then we will start looking mine by mine on how to change the operating plans. But the difference, again, I just want to emphasize, you look at the forecast for this decarbonization and the world appears to need more copper rather than less and that copper demand is not [indiscernible] to these economic movements. So we are agile, we are nimble, we will do what we have to do, but I think it is different now than it has been in the past.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes, we’ve got about third of that included in our numbers, Alex. And so there is certainly upside. And our team, we want to get to this initial target, but our team believes that with success there, we can scale it further. So for us, this is – in the near-term, this is an area with low-cost units to our Americas business and particularly in the U.S.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, we were encouraged in the third quarter our costs were pretty close in line with what we had forecast going into the quarter and sequentially down [ph] for the quarter. With the exception of coal, we have had very, very high oil prices in Indonesia, which continue to remain at way above historical levels. So some of the headline, commodity prices have come down, and we’re encouraged by that. An area that we are seeing increases has come through is more non-commodity – non-direct commodity, more indirect, where we are seeing the parts and equipment and other supplies that we purchased come in at higher cost with recession potential, that will give us some leverage to push back on some of these things. So, the headline numbers, we have seen some relief in. But there are some other underlying areas where we are continuing to see price increases being passed through to us that we are continuing to manage as best we can. You are right about the currencies. That benefits us in South America, Indonesia. And going into the quarter in terms of our guidance, you can see Cerro Verde wasn’t that much different than our guidance. The main thing at Cerro Verde was the Mali issue that we had.  But in the U.S., we don’t get the benefit of the currencies. So, as we look into 2023, at least right now for our forecast purposes, we are projecting what it is now. So, hopefully, if the markets are to turn weaker, we will have some better ability to cost down. But right now, for forecasting purposes, we have essentially included what we – what the current market environment is.
Kathleen Quirk: Carl, I think one of the things that’s a real positive, and we talked about the 2018 agreement earlier, but the fact now that the government through MIND ID owns 51% of PT-FI has increased the knowledge of this ore body and the recognition that it takes a very long time to identify and develop new sources of production. And so there is better recognition that we need to know sooner – earlier than 5 years before the expiration to be able to maximize the values. And so I think that’s a real positive that recognition that the long-term nature of this business and how it will benefit from having additional exploration, development over the next 10 years instead of wait until the end until it’s too late. So, that’s a real positive of the 2018 agreement and alignment that we have with the government.
Kathleen Quirk: But there is clearly a mismatch, Michael, between current cost of a capital project and where the current copper price is. And that’s what’s guiding some of our thinking around timing of Bagdad is it’s not something we have to do now. Let’s wait to see how some of this unfolds and not try to force a project in the kind of environment we are in, where the availability of people and equipment is tight. So, this is really a project of bringing copper forward. If we don’t produce it now, we will produce it later. But we wanted the capital part of this project is important because you don’t want to be building a project in an inflationary environment when you wait to use it, it could be a different story. We can’t – as Richard was saying, we can’t predict exact timing, but we know we can be more efficient about doing a project in a different environment than where we sit today in the U.S.
Kathleen Quirk: No. I mean we have been flagging that we cut El Abra’s stacking rate during 2020 and have been ramping back up to get an increase. And so we have been flagging the – and we are moving to a new leach pad there. So, that’s in line with what we have been guiding to.
Richard Adkerson: Thanks. No question about that. I mean, 2016 was a crisis for our company. We’re not anywhere near crisis now. And since then, we’ve had 2 major accomplishments that’s de-risked our business significantly. One was the 2018 agreement that we reached with the government to stabilize the situation we had in years about the structure of our taxes, royalties and operating rights. And now we’ve had 4 years of operating under that and it’s going very well as you can see by presence visit, etcetera. And then as Kathleen mentioned, de-risking Grasberg by ramping up the underground and being so effective in sustaining the rates there. We’re going to be able to do that by continuing to operate effectively. We’ve got this Kucing Liar ore body that we’re developing that’s an add-on to give us stability. And so we’re back to the strategy that we’ve always had, Grasberg generates cash in any environment, it can fund our G&A and then we challenge each of our other mines to manage their business to be at least breakeven on a cash basis.
Richard Adkerson: We will give you – definitely. I mean, the possibilities here are really exciting. And we don’t want to get way out ahead of ourselves because it’s still in the development mode. But with a sizable leaching operations we have already in place throughout our company, the ability to use this technology to add volumes is really exciting and could be meaningful. And then beyond that, we have historical lead stacks and conceivably using this technology to replace concentrated investments with some of our sulfide ore bodies. So it’s really something. We’re not – we’re using a number of different approaches, some proprietary, some in partnership with others, and we will give you a report every quarter on how we’re progressing with it and how we see it affecting our future.
Richard Adkerson: Well, I mean it’s going to continue to be a matter of discussion. But the practicality is affecting our business are that – just a couple of facts, I think most of you know this. But we own virtually all of the lands and see where we have mining operations. So, we don’t really pay royalties in the U.S. There were some impacts of inflation reduction acts in terms of alternative minimum tax, and we are still sorting through those. But there is a favorable Federal tax rate. We have net operating loss carry-forwards from our oil and gas deal. We have – in our case, we have great relationships with the states which have the principal regulatory authority over our mining business and expansions, great community support, where we operate, including the native American groups who want us to invest in hiring their people and working together. So, there will be a lot of lip service doing this. We are not counting on any big government-based type incentives for us in the future. We hope people get more reasonable in progressing permitting processes by investing and having resources available to deal with things effectively. But we continue to deal with the fact that politics are shorter run than our business is. And we just have to see.
Richard Adkerson: No. In fact in Europe, you saw some of the recent articles on premiums that are being suggested at very high levels. The inventories are low, there is the production out of Russia is a complicating issue. It’s not – it’s something that the margin – Freeport produces more copper than Russia does. But that’s a factor. But backwardation is strong. It’s just striking to see that the price of copper dropped $0.70 from a quarter a year ago and yet the day-to-day business that we have is one where customers are really fighting to get product. We had something – I don’t think it’s ever happened as Kathleen or Mark Johnson is on the call, but we actually emptied all of our concentrate barns at Grasberg. I mean, they were empty. Generally, we have operational issues with the shallow seas there getting production out. So, it’s just striking how negative the financial markets are about this industry and yet the fiscal market is so tight. It’s something that we haven’t seen. Now the reality is, and Kathleen mentioned that, is this historical correlation between our input costs and copper prices is disrupted right now. I think it will come back into a more traditional relationship in the future, but it’s not now. But – we just don’t see any – we certainly have no problem selling copper. In fact, we have problems meeting demand for – sometimes it’s the rod market in the U.S. is disrupted. And so there is a shortage of copper rod in the U.S., but it’s a real striking correlation right now.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. I just – I don’t have any basis for predicting what’s going to happen in the near-term. But if this market turns, it’s going to turn, it’s going to turn with a vengeance. I am not predicting that, I am just saying if.
Richard Adkerson: Well, let’s just go ahead and answer that. We have the issue. Taxes we pay are based on our foreign operations, and particularly like in Indonesia, taxes we pay in any given year is based on the taxes we paid in the preceding year. So, when you have a situation like we have had this year where the preceding year was a lot stronger financially, we are paying higher cash taxes this year. Next year, it could well reverse. But our tax situation is stabilized. We are watching carefully what’s going on in Chile, but that’s more of an impact on our future development plans. But we have stabilized taxes in Indonesia and no question about the continuation of that. And just in doing financial analysis, you got to take into account this timing difference when taxes are incurred and when they are actually paid. And if you want details on that, call David Joint, and he can help you walk through those.
Richard Adkerson: So, we have had early discussions. And my sense is there is a recognition that it’s in all parties mutual interest to find a resolution for this. It would make no sense for any stakeholder for us to run this operation with a drop dead date of 2041. There is resources already identified beyond that. And for a number of years, because of all the protracted discussions we had about our contract of work in [indiscernible]. We really haven’t done delineation drilling to really understand what happens to these ore bodies at depth. And so the discussions are early on. There are some complications that we and the government will have to deal with, with the existing regulations and so forth. So, it’s not something we can say that there is anything other than early conversations. But I have been pleased with the tone of those conversations. And now we are starting the hard work of saying, how do you get this done in a mutually acceptable way.
Richard Adkerson: Michael, these projects are so different. You can’t set them in, and I know a lot of people who follow the industry at a high level are always trying to come up with some things like incentive prices and other things that fit. But every one of these projects are just so different. And there are different factors. We will factor in the – as we conduct this feasibility study at Bagdad and begin – and the continued discussions with our Board, we will factor in whatever the current price outlook is for capital and operating costs, even though we don’t focus in on a particular copper price, but what does scenario copper prices look like and how does it fit into our overall portfolio. One thing that’s come out of this – Kathleen made references to it a couple of times. But one thing that’s come out of the pandemic is labor issues. And that’s – as I talk with people, the business roundtable, business counsel, it cuts across industries, but it certainly affects our industry. And Bagdad is a very remote location. And we have got to make some investments to attract people to come in and develop a sustainable labor force there. But it’s true in our other operations, not so much overseas. But in the U.S., it’s a real issue, and that’s a factor to consider in terms of committing capital. And we have got a whole long future of potential capital projects in the U.S. And there are a lot of, in our view, advantages for Freeport in having that. There is – I mentioned the royalty situation, the great community support we have, the support from the travel groups in the long history that we have worked, invested so hard to have those positive relationships. And so we just have to pull them in. I guess my point is it’s not something you can really generalize about, but you have to dig into each of these projects and thoroughly understand how costs, other factors figure into it. So, we got Bagdad. We have got this Lone Star project, it lies ahead in our future. That’s great. El Abra is going to be a great project eventually. So, I wish I could give you some simplified answers for that. But…
Richard Adkerson: Well, that is a real point. I mean this industry faced supply challenges before this current inflationary environment we have, those had to do – when I look back on the almost 20 years now I have been CEO, you have geology factors where today’s opportunities for supply expansion just are much less attractive than they were 20 years ago. And then you got the geopolitical factors that crop up in different places around the world. And the fact that so many new deposits are underground, etcetera, etcetera, but now this current situation we are going through right now with the uncertainties about the relationship between input costs and prices, about the availability of material, supply and supply chain issues, about labor issues, particularly in the U.S., all those things are just adding to the supply barriers for the industry. And yet, we have this new era of demand that’s coming to play. And absent some just global calamity on whatever basis it is. I am just so increasingly confident about what the outlook for the commodity is going to be and just how strongly our company is positioned to benefit from that outlook. And that’s what we want to preserve. That’s why we are going to be conservative about spending capital, about financial policy, because if anything this company has seen the damage that can be occurred if you don’t approach it in a commodity environment like we have or an industry like we have on a conservative solid way. And so that’s what you hear over and over as we talk about how we are dealing with the current environment and positioning ourselves for a positive future.
Richard Adkerson: Well, the current environment is adding to it. But clearly, the uncertainties that emerged over this past year plus time in Latin America, 40% of the world’s copper comes from Chile and Peru. And with what went on in their most recent presidential elections, the uncertainties that came out from that and things continue to change in Peru, the government has been in turmoil. I mean the number of ministers that have gone through this administration is just striking. And then Chile had the situation where there was a negative vote on the proposed constitutional amendment, which changed the targets there. And you can see what’s happening to Greenfield projects being delayed in the United States, even though there seems to be lip service saying that the world needs copper, but that’s not changing so much for Greenfield projects here in Africa, South Africa [ph]. So, I mean it’s just a world of where all of this is happening. We do have an industry where there is two or three projects that have been in the works for many years now, they are going to come on stream shortly. But when you get past those, you just see everything is dried up and you don’t see companies talking about having – you will hear more about like you are hearing from Freeport. We are being conservative about Bagdad. We will be conservative about Sierrita, about El Abra, conservative about our opportunities in Lone Star. And the surpluses that were predicted 2 years or 3 years ago are being downgraded as companies downgrade their current production estimates. So, it’s going to happen quickly in the next 3 years and could be shorter.
Richard Adkerson: I just see some real similarities to what we have seen in the crude oil business for years of underinvestment, and then all of a sudden, something happens and now the world had a crisis for – in the oil industry.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. You touched on an important point. And we certainly saw this with crisis steps we took years ago in 2016, and this sort of ties into the question about what are you going to do with some of these lower-grade deposits if you make decisions about mine rates, they have long-term consequences. It takes a while if you cut back stacking rates on some of these mines and that’s not a production impact just for this year, but extends for years in the future. So, as we take steps to build it back up, then that’s going to be incremental over a period of time. And so I just keep harping the people who try – talking about our business, it’s a long, long-term business. And that just comes to play in almost everything we do.
Richard Adkerson: Okay. Thanks Brian. Thanks everybody. We really appreciate you being on the call and encourage you to follow-up if you have further questions. And we look forward to reporting on our company and our industry in the future. So, thanks for joining us.
