Kathleen Quirk: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan conference call. We released our results this morning and a copy of today's press release and slides are available on our website at fcx.com. Our call today is being broadcast live on the Internet and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our annual report on our Form 10-K. On the call with me today is Richard Adkerson, our Chairman and CEO. We’ve got Mark Johnson, who leads our Indonesian operations. Josh Olmsted, who leads our Americas operations. Mike Kendrick, who leads our Molybdenum business. Steve Higgins, who leads our commercial activities and is our Chief Administrative Officer as well. And Rick Coleman, who leads our project development activities. And I'll start with briefly summarizing our financial results. We will work through our slides and some prepared remarks and then we will take your questions. Today, we reported first quarter 2021 net income attributable to common stock of $718 million and was $0.48 per share and adjusted net income of $756 million, or $0.51 per share after adjusting for net charges totaling $38 million, or $0.03 per share, and a detail of those net non-recurring charges are in the press release on Roman numeral 6. We reported adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization or adjusted EBITDA during the quarter of $2.04 billion and we have got a reconciliation of our EBITDA calculations on Page 36 of our slide deck. In the first quarter of 2021, we had copper sales of $825 million pounds, which approximated our estimate. Our gold production in the first quarter of 2021 was in line with our estimate in January. However, we had a deferral of certain shipments in Indonesia to the second quarter and that resulted in a timing variance for our gold sales. In the first quarter, we benefited from improved pricing. Our first quarter average realized copper price was $3.94 per pound, substantially above the year ago quarter and our gold price of $17.13 per ounce was also above the year ago realized price. We continue to focus on maintaining low-cost position. Our consolidated average June net cost for our copper mines averaged 139 per pound of copper in the first quarter. We generated strong operating cash flows totaling $1.1 billion and that was net of $300 million of working capital uses. And the cash flow has exceeded capital spending, which totaled $370 million during the quarter. As you've seen our Board in February, adapted a new financial policy aligned with our strategic objectives of maintaining strong balance sheet, increasing cash returns to shareholders and advancing opportunities for future growth. We ended the quarter in a strong financial position with $4.6 billion of consolidated cash, $9.8 billion of debt and our net debt - our debt net of cash was $5.2 billion at the end of March. Richard, I'd like to turn the call over to you and we'll start reviewing the slide materials that are on our website.
Kathleen Quirk: In terms of stability agreement, we do our taxes are fixed in that agreement, and they are actually higher than the current statutory rate in Peru. So we've paid harder to get the stability and we also pay a lot with the communities and big employer. We have a profit sharing mechanism there. And that's partly why you saw the cost increases that we do is the mine becomes more profitable with higher prices. There's a large profit share and that goes to employees, partially to employees and partially to the country. So it's a good model to share economics both to the local communities and country and workers and to the investors.
Kathleen Quirk: We will have an environmental impact statement that will file in connection with the project. So that is a very comprehensive permitting process. We've gone through it before and you have to do a lot of baseline work, etc. So there is a lot of work you have to do before you actually submit it. But that project partially is, the permitting is partially why Richard saying it's six to eight years out.
Kathleen Quirk: I'll take the second one first. Just in terms of the ramp back up we've made the decision to start ramping El Abra back up. That's in progress. We expect to get back to pre-COVID levels there in 2022. That's reflected in our guidance. Same with Cerro Verde. In the U.S. we had cut back the mining rates significantly. We're starting to ramp those back up. We have some opportunities, still have some opportunities at the Morenci that aren't baked into our forecast yet. And then we have opportunities at Chino, because our plan right now is running at Chino 50%. In addition to that, as we mentioned we have some incremental opportunities potentially at Lone Star. So I would say in the U.S. we do have some opportunities that aren't in our near term plans. That will be -- we'll be assessing as well as some of the leach technology applications that Richard referred to earlier. So we do have some near term opportunities not in our plans but a –
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. What's been interesting is you look at today four and a quarter copper last time copper was four and a quarter, oil wasn't at 60. It might have been [$110] a barrel. So we are benefiting from the lower energy prices even though they have come up some the historical correlations just aren't, as correlated as they once were. And we go through a review each quarter on where we are with our supply chain and revise our forecasts every quarter to reflect current pricing and that sort of thing. So that's baked into these plans. And as Richard said whether we'll have additional cost pressures from tightening freight markets or other supplies we'll have to see where that goes. But right now the forecast that we developed is based on what our pricing contracts are currently.
Kathleen Quirk: Okay. Under the regulations the government grants annual export licenses and then there is a six month check to evaluate your progress against the smelter development schedule that they have and they have approved. As a result of COVID as we said during 2020 we notified the government that our schedule was impacted by the pandemic and they will force majeure conditions that prevented us from you from achieving schedule. And under regulations, there is a potential for fines if you don't achieve the schedule. And that's what the government did. They levied this fine and we have gone in and explained to them the reasons why the project was delayed and that this was force majeure, which is allowed under the regulations to waive any penalty. So we're in those discussions with the government. They're asking for some additional support for opposition and details. I mean it's obvious that COVID effected schedules for projects all around the world but they're asking for some more details. We think it will get resolved in a mutually satisfactory way. But as Richard said we're also very focused on meeting our commitment to the government ultimately. We notified them that we had a 12 month away in reaching the, because of COVID reaching a deadline of December of 23 to construct the new smelter, and now we expect that that wouldn't be completed until 2024. This option that Richards referring to [indiscernible] potentially could get us back on schedule. And we just need to make sure that it fits with from a commercial standpoint and overall business risk standpoint. But we're working closely with the government. I can say that our interests, having our partner in [indiscernible] our interests are very much aligned and we're all on the same page in terms of what we need to do and we're just working our way through the government's regulations to resolve this issue. And I'm confident we will.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. You're right. That's part of what we're discussing as a new schedule for the project and that's tied in with our discussions with them on this administrative fine. 
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. That's exactly right. We brought forward some capital. We've also increased production. So that's what that was is basically mining equipment investments. The first part of it in terms of the negotiations and we don't publicly comment on details of the negotiations while they're still in progress. But we had all set a target of trying to get the commercial agreement with a third party done by the end of March and so there were extensive negotiations that went back and forth during the first quarter. By the end of March we had not reached an acceptable agreement and we've been moving in parallel this other projects. At some point we've got to make a decision. We haven't finalized that decision yet but we are moving the greenfield our own project forward so that we can meet our obligations to the governments and not rely solely on a third party. So at this point we are still having some discussions with the third party but we're moving the other one in parallel as well. So as soon as we get a final decision and believe me we all want that as soon as possible we will convey that to you.
Kathleen Quirk: But Orest we do want to make a decision sooner. There is not some kind of drop dead date but we want to make this decision very soon.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. [Baghdad] could come on quicker than the other two. The long lead times for investments for KL and Kucing Liar we are that's in our long-term plans. We're just optimizing it now so that in that capital will be spent over a long period of time and then El Abra just from a sequencing standpoint would come behind Baghdad from time period that it could come online. So you're talking about if you started everything right now you're talking about seven years out with all the permitting process seven- eight years maybe all the permitting process but Baghdad could be done probably on your 2025 type timeline if we depend on when we start.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. And it's always been part of our project evaluation. It's even more so today but it's always been part of our evaluation is using less energy, diversifying our energy sources to looking at renewables. Water is a big issue that we manage. We found a great solution in Cerro Verde in Peru when we did that project where we built a wastewater treatment plant to get water. So we didn't compete with other uses of water in the country and actually helped the community. So we're always looking as part of our projects, how does this project help the community and ESG has always been part of it as Richard said it's just growing much larger. And I guess this, but copper is really a great story. We don't have the scope three emissions that other companies have to deal with. Copper is actually, what copper is used for is actually used for decarbonisation but the scope one and two areas is something that we work hard on every day and it's all part of our project development plans and capital investment plans. 
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. Generally our production equals our sales and we did have some both in the U.S. and in Indonesia we did have some changes between production and sales but that's like Richard said just timing.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. I'd say logistically in South America is where we have the biggest constraints currently but we're still dealing with it all over in terms of protocols, etc. So we're not letting up the guard and we're continuing to be very careful about how we operate make sure people are safe but in terms of the logistical side of things it's mainly impacted South America.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, in fact and Peru specifically our plan is to run at this reduced rate all year long and we'll assess that as we go but right now the going in assumption is that we'll be in the situation for the balance of 2021 and then go back to the plan in 2022. That's the assumption. In Chile it's a smaller operation but we are beginning to increase our mining and stacking rates there and the metal impact will happen in 2022 but we're starting that now. so but our plan at Cerro Verde which is our largest operation in South America is to be at this low, slightly lower rate in the balance of the year. The team did a great job and was able to surpass expectations in the first quarter but it's not something that we feel is prudent to assume because the restrictions are still very significant. 
Kathleen Quirk: And in terms of the M&A question we're really focused on our existing assets. We've got development options within the portfolio. We always monitor what's available externally and compare that against what we have.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. The discussions today has been most extensive with the project at [indiscernible] The project that you're referring to is in Papua potential project and we are familiar with the developer there and have indicated that if there is excess capacity we may be able to supply but our options right now are focused on the base supply, are focused on either this [indiscernible] option or our project at Gresik.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. We will let Mark talk about it but there is a section of the mine that and we did the same thing with the Glasberg block cave development. We modified it over time to focus on the lowest pyrite sections and what Mark will tell you is that with KL we redesigned the mine plan to reduce the capital intensity because in order to get the pyrite there is more capital in the mill, more environmental management required and the recovery starts going down. You mentioned the 0.9 but it has a very low recovery in some of the ore. So what we have developed here is a more optimal plan that reduces upfront CapEx and modestly changes the total ore but from a metal standpoint you're actually ending up with similar metal because you've got higher recoveries. So Mark you want to add –
Kathleen Quirk: And it's more reduced risk, more robust plan and we're doing some things right now to continue to try to enhance those gold recoveries.
Richard Adkerson: So Emily, we are - we have suspended all of our studies on growth projects a year ago. And now, we've resumed those analysis with the purpose of understanding the pros and cons of each of the projects and developing an evaluation of them. That basic work of evaluation, we expect to continue at least through the end of this year. And by the end of the year, we hope to be able to have a clearer path forward. So it will be some time before there is any commitment to actually initiate significant capital spending. And then in the meantime, we pointed to all the volume growth that's coming about from Grasberg, the resumption of operations from COVID, et cetera. So we're going to have increasing volumes with strong prices and high cash flows with limited amount of capital being spent because we just won't be ready, as you say, to sanction projects. We don't have any particular target at copper price. We've always looked at a scenario of different prices that of how a new project would fit into our portfolio. We want to take advantage of these resources that we have and yet have risk managements by how they fit into all of our existing portfolios. So we don't look at it so much on an individual project by project basis, but how does it fit in with our projects. Freeport really benefits from the fact that we operate all the projects we have interest in. So that allows us to approach these on a – from a consistent corporate strategic basis as opposed to an individual project by project basis. Certainly, at these price levels, our projects are economic. And now you know the prospects are for prices to go much higher. So I anticipate that over time, we will be spending money on capital. That's just not going to happen in the near-term and that's going to be a feature of the entire industry because even when we decide to spend the timeframe for developing a project is multiple years, minimum six to eight years. So all of that's going to be, as you well know, Emily, because you write about it all the time, that's going to be very supportive of copper prices. You can't turn on the valve quickly to add new mine supply. And when you can't do that and volume and demand rises that translates into higher prices. 
Richard Adkerson: Yes. And the fact we referenced delay in shipments that had nothing to do with operations. The inventory was there on site. There were loading, shipping some administrative issues with the government, and so all that inventory was produced on site now will be sold. And as inventory built, we were able to advance some maintenance activities from the second quarter to the first quarter, all of which is really supportive of meeting our plans going forward.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, we – yes, the answer to that is an absolute yes. And we - stability agreements has been a feature of the operations in Cerro Verde since way before Freeport. But we were able to get a new stability agreement as we expanded the business. And you know, there is always a correlation between the aspirations of government and workers for more funds as copper prices rise. But the copper is so critical to Peru in terms of a country that still faces challenges of poverty and so forth. So we just step back and watch political environments. We know we have to work with whatever governments wherever in the world that a country selects, but we do have strong rights to do that. And unlike some operations in Peru, we have positive relationships with the local community because of social investments we've made in water and wastewater projects. So our team there is just, I mean, I can't tell you what a great job they go. A year ago, we were really worried about Peru. Our workers lived in the city of Arequipa. It was real issue with community spread, but we've been put to work the community, developed temporary living and we got our rates up to near our original run rate targets and we can expand further as we go forward. The team there has just done a remarkably good job...
Richard Adkerson: And the best environment, Chris, it's going to take a long time to get that permit. Now, we don't have some of the costs of where this mines located. And the fact that it's been a long running existing operation is near Codelco mine. It doesn't have some of the permitting issues that others have. A major mill expansion would require a desalinization plant and the cost of transmitting that water up to high altitude where we operate but it's in a setting where we don't face some of the challenges others face. But best case it takes a long time and it's a big project.
Richard Adkerson: Hey Kathleen let's let Josh make a brief comment about that. Josh Olmstead was named this past year to be our Chief Operating Officer, Americas. He's been number two guy for many years. He's a young guy but he's got a long career in Freeport is just doing an outstanding job and bringing energy and leadership to our group. So Josh make a couple of comments.
Richard Adkerson: So restarts technology reaching all those point to growing volumes from our traditional operations Chris. Alex right we're at Alex now. so Alex on Peru man how complicated politics everywhere in the world and in Peru as they were approaching this runoff you had a half dozen more candidates each having 10% plus or minus support in the polls. So it was very complicated. Freeport stays out of politics. As I said we don't, we just run our business, support communities, be prepared to work with whoever emerges in the political process. The mining industry in Peru is there is an active mining association that's led by Peruvians and they engage with candidates to understand and interact and communicate with them on policies affecting mining and I'm sure they'll be working with both of these candidates as we go forward and you will notice the candidate who earlier was being very aggressive and talking about mining is now making comments about the importance of mining to Peru. So all of that will come to play and we'll just have to see what happens. 
Richard Adkerson: So the first point I want to make is a point Kathleen referenced earlier. Some important elements are of our cost are correlated to copper prices. They're correlated I mean things like royalties, profit sharing plans, labor cost in general there is correlation. Then there is other input costs that are correlated. Energy costs which is an important element our cost and with energy costs have risen in recent months. Copper prices have risen even more thankfully but energy costs are are built into that and then certain other costs are seeing some inflation. So far energy costs are the ones that outside of the profit sharing loyalty costs are the ones that have the biggest impact and as time goes by and copper prices rise we'll have to deal with inflation but we have such strong margins, we have a great supply group team that works with our suppliers to offset costs wherever we can. We're working really aggressively to do that. So Tim I think I mean I know you realize this because you're right about it but inflation is good for copper. I mean inflation is good for copper with what the world's doing today with all this spending on COVID recovery with spending around the world that's being driven to the deal with economic inequalities. That's pushing money to people who consume and create economic velocity which creates demand for copper. So in the broader sense all these forces will work to the benefit of our company.
Richard Adkerson: Well as I said, the answer is yes. There's correlations, I mean, royalties rise, profit sharing rise and then you make your judgment about energy, steel costs and so forth. But and I know a broken record Tim, that I know you understand. But bottom line is margin rise. For many businesses these inflationary movements deteriorate margins. Historically our margins have stayed very strong as copper prices rise and other costs rise. 
Richard Adkerson: I'm going to let Kathleen talk about this. She is working actively with the parties there and negotiating the terms. We are going to cooperate with the government. We made a commitment in December 18 to build a smelter and I'm very clear that we recognize that commitment and we are prepared to honor it. There are different views within the government of Indonesia. When you reference the government it can be interpreted as being one group. There are different views within the government itself about whether it's despite this development [indiscernible] or go forward with the project at Gresik that we initially started and so we are working closely with our partner and shareholder mine [indiscernible] and with the Ministry of state owned enterprises, with the Ministry of Energy and Mines defined what is best, what decision the government off we made and we're prepared to go forward provided we have if we go in the direction that where we have reasonable terms and reasonable regulatory environment. So Kathleen why don't you talk about this and mine ministry wants to push us I believe we will resolve this situation and that everything's going to be okay. Kathleen would you give some detail.
Richard Adkerson: No it's a government. I mean it's really, the government's going to make that decision. We're prepared if we could get, if the government supports it and we could get a reasonable deal with constraint sale terms and a regulatory environment dealing with our IUPK obligations, PT-FI is prepared to deal with we debate. If that doesn't happen we're prepared to go forward with the other project and we're working on that. We're not sitting here not doing anything. We're prepared to go forward and I just think it's important to keep in mind that while this is a big project and it's a management issue it's not a huge financial issues FCX. I mean we were paying a 5% export duty that would be relieved with the smelter. The financial implications are not that significant and more than 70% of the financial implications go to the government through taxes and equity share ownership. So --
Richard Adkerson: No I'm just saying it's not like we can say we're going to do this, we're going to, it's got to be a joint decision between the government and PT-FI. 
Richard Adkerson: That's our hope. That's our aspiration. I mean as you know we're very transparent company and our hope is that we get some clarity by the end of the year. Josh mentioned it. Kathleen mentioned it and as we do we're going to keep all of you informed.
Richard Adkerson: It's not only go it is today I mean it is today. And I mean, ESG matters are not something that's common across all projects. They're all site specific related. I made a point, I think you probably picked up on it and talking about our growth projects in Arizona being supported by communities and by native American groups. That's because we've been there for so long and we have devoted attention and resources to those communities and to providing opportunities beyond just our separate operations. Elsewhere in Arizona even which has a favorable state view for mining development there are huge barriers from an ESG standpoint to developments and you just look at Rosemont and resolution and other projects. So you have to go and look at each particular project each the way companies have provided but it's an enormous barrier and it's going to grow. I mean the number of groups that are involved in ESG attention you see it with institutional investors [indiscernible] were with but consumer groups are very focused. Automobile manufacturers are focused about where their minerals coming from, where's their copper coming from. That's why this copper mark thing that I referenced is so important. So it's going to be, it's an enormous issue right now and it's going to be a major impact on, it's going to be supply development. So --
Richard Adkerson: Okay. So let me address that we don't sell copper and gold in Grasberg. We sell copper concentrate. It's got copper and gold in it. We get paid for the the individual components at LME prices but as I mentioned earlier what happened at Grasberg is we met our production targets, we transported this copper concentrate to the port site to be ready to ship, some shipments got delayed for various reasons and so the production's done and we recognize sales when the concentrate's loaded on ships. So literally all we have is some of those sales are going to be in the second quarter [indiscernible] first quarter and it's just that simple and throughout our operations we have timing issues like that. For those of you who follow the Grasberg we have weather conditions at port. It's a shallow water sea and so weather conditions can delay shipments but all this will ends up being strictly a timing whether it's at the last of the first quarter or the early part of the second quarter it's irrelevant.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we mentioned we should we restart we'd actually suspended operations at the Chino mine in New Mexico relatively small mine but we resuming operations there. We reduced mine rate stripping rates at Morenci to conserve cost and that'll take some time to restore and production will build up from there but it's nothing of real significance. The amazing thing is the guys Mark and his team at Grasberg have just done remarkable with meeting our targets there in the face of a very challenging COVID location and we've done remarkable job in managing all that and continue to.
Richard Adkerson: Sorry. Internal medical director. We work with international SOS for years and they've been fabulous in helping us build testing facilities and facilities for dealing with infected people. We're able to treat them get them back to work and that's an ongoing process.
Richard Adkerson: That's a very good multi-layered question. Let me see if I can answer it precisely. I've been around a long time and I see there's three kind of eras of copper demand. Pre-early 2000s it was all driven by develop countries GDP. Copper's most correlated commodity to GDP and it would rise and fall based on business cycles. China emerged and now for almost two decades has dominated new demand growth. It's all come from China when you look at it. The rest of the world's kind of been flat. The new era today which is so exciting is China's rate of growth which people have been pointing to for some time inevitably is falling has to fall. COVID kind of complicated all that up but its absolute demand for copper volumes is so strong because this economy has grown and that's going to continue with even as it pivots its economy to consumers and exports it's the absolute amount of copper that it grows even though the rate of growth will drop absolute amount be strong. Now the reason I'm so excited about now is now you've got it's COVID recovered in the developed world but also all this movement around the world you see it clearly here in the United States to push money to a broader set of people to enhance consumption. All this move towards incoming inequality which everybody recognized we got to do and that's going to create new copper demand and then my long-term story's always been in the undeveloped world, global growth all the vast numbers of people around the world that are living in substandard conditions have aspirations of having better conditions that requires more energy, more transportation, communication, more copper. So that's why I say the demand side to me is in a new era and it's really positive and the supply side I don't know how it's going to keep up with it. I literally don't. Here we have all of these projects at Freeport the price of copper could double overnight. Some people talk about it doubling anyway but overnight and we couldn't add new production of significance for a number of years. So it's going to be really interesting to see prices I just unless there's some global calamity prices it just seems to me clearly have to rise substantially. Substitution has to occur. Scrap has to grow but how to meet that demand and that's why I'm so thrilled about where we are after all this time working to put this company together. John Tamazo's referenced it I mean we have been through so much but I recall Kathleen and I developed a strategy in 2003-2004 when I became CEO of focusing on copper and now it's so great here all these years later to see it coming to fruition.
Richard Adkerson: Let me add just a personal observation on that. Our company made a mistake, misstep other mining companies made missteps when they forced M&A for strategic reasons. You just look over and over again. South side came to us as an opportunity. It wasn't a strategic plan to do it. We had talked with them about buying us. So where we are now is we have no strategy of engaging in M&A markets but we will be positioned now for the first time in a long-long time to -- if an opportunity come to us comes to us to take advantage of us. Our strategy is straightforward; execute, invest in a disciplined way in our resources that provide growth, that create value. If something comes to us we're going to be in a position to consider it but that's not our strategic objective. You mentioned startup operations and those come to us all the time but we have trouble. It's been a big barrier to make the economics of those work because to get into it you've got to pay the value that's been created already. When we have all these other resources in our portfolio where there is no value being given to them in our share price. So we see that's been a real barrier of making even what might be at some level interesting projects work economically for our company and we've had a long saying in Freeport big minds get bigger and smaller minds get smaller. So that's also a tough issue.
Richard Adkerson: In response to your comment we've made no commitment for supply on the Papua project. For years we would have liked to have seen a smelter developed in Papua because we, it would be desirable to help the local community there but the infrastructure cost, the absence of infrastructure, the timing investment that would be required for infrastructure have made it impracticable in the past.
Richard Adkerson: 240,000 tons a day from the underground operation. I'll just leave it with that. Thank you so much for being on our call and we look forward to continuing to report our progress as we go forward in this year and following years. Thank you.
Mark Johnson: Yes, we're generally on plan. Grades are tracking well from the model to what we see at the mill. In fact, we're fortunate that the mills actually seen a little bit more grades and the mine has recorded as pending. Drawbell opening, it's probably shown in the slides that we did make some adjustments in Deep MLZ. We slowed down the cave advance in some of our diorite rock types, which are the more challenging rock and accelerate the cave advance and some of the scarring going off to the west in PB2. In GBC, we've added – accelerated our drawbell opening. And over the five years, it's relatively the same.
Mark Johnson: Yes. I mean in the last three years or so it was a significant change wasn't so much new drilling. We did do some drilling over the last couple years and we revisited some of the metallurgical work. The big change there was and as Richard alluded to the original KL mine plan was more focused on higher copper equivalent grade but it also had much higher pyrite and required a significant change to our processing. The new mine plan focuses on some slightly lower copper equivalent portion of the resource that has now become the reserve and we've, and this part of the ore body essentially we leave the mill as it is the pyrite problem is largely diminished and almost eliminated. So the overall capital as far as processing, power requirements, environmental management have dropped significantly in addition this new portion of the new mine plan the areas that we mined the gold recoveries go up substantially. We in our initial reserves several years ago gold recoveries were below 50% the new plan has gold recoveries over 60 and we think there's upside there. So it's a much less capital intensive, a much more robust plan, a lot less environmental management costs that go with this new KL plan. The one thing as Richard mentioned that it's independent but in some ways it does tie in. We share parts of the GBC ore flow system. KL ramps up and in coordination with the GBC plan we used some of the same conveyor and then the big part was is that the mill is relatively unchanged with this new plan. 
Mark Johnson: And so John, yes thanks Mark. So John this is not a competing project to our Americas growth plan. I mean it's in our long-term plan as Kathleen said. It fits in with everything we're doing out there and then the trade-offs of where we invest in the Americas is one where we will be looking at the pros and cons of each project. in the U.S. we have no royalties because we own the land and fee we have no taxes because of our tax loss carry forward for a very long period of time and tax rates in the U.S. are very low. So I mean, all of this this is an after tax, after royalty economic analysis, and we're going to decide where can we add value most economically for our shareholders.
Mark Johnson: Yes. And I think the major advance was understanding where the not necessarily the highest grade but where the highest value after capital investment was in the ore body and if not for having a debt our contract with the government goes up to 2041 if not for that the material that we've deferred would also be in reserves. So what we've done in this new plan is brought forward. There is about half of the old reserve that overlaps with the old reserve and then there's another half where we've deferred a part of the lower value ore and been able to substitute it with higher value ore. This ore that we're now mining would be sediment hosted very similar to what we've milled for years in the DOZ, Deep MLZ, the old reserve was very much centered on this fault that the highest grades but as Richard and Kathleen mentioned some of the bigger challenges were a new mill, we had to grind it much finer. That came with additional power requirements and then we had to manage the pyrite which for us is to segregate it from the [MOD ADA] and store it separately. So by recognizing all the costs that are associated with some of the higher copper equivalent grade that's a combination of the copper and gold value and substitute it with looking more on a value rather than purely on copper equivalency, we came up with a much more optimal sequencing of the mine with the opportunity to go after this other material at a later date if we had the opportunity to mine beyond 2041.
Mark Johnson: It's very similar mining rates that we had before the tonnage is similar. It's a little bit less because we start a little bit later but this does fill the 240,000 tons of mill capacity that we'll have with the SAG-3 and so there is a obviously a district-wide plan that we sequence all of the ore bodies to best fill that mill in an optimal fashion. This would peak at 90,000 tons a day just marginally above what we're planning to do with the Deep MLZ and it ramps up as GBC would start to drop off and so it's a balancing of the highest value material getting the first opportunity for mill space.
