Richard Adkerson: Well, there's cost, which is the cost that you incur in running that operation. And then there's unit cost. And unit cost, if all costs stay the same and units are down, then your unit costs are rising. But costs really haven't risen. It's primarily a fixed-cost operation. So, Sal, the unit costs are a reflection of the units that are produced, both units of copper and gold, and then the gold price.
Richard Adkerson: The transaction that Lundin is pursuing is a corporate transaction involving Lundin's, and it's their own business. It does not have any impact on the structure that we have at Tenke, or it has no impact on our plans at Tenke .
Richard Adkerson: It's really a combination of the two. It's essentially -- the bulk of it is through drilling activity. And it's the transfer, as we've talked about, of resources to reserves. So we had these significant resources, we're doing work every day, all the time, to qualify those resources reserves. And while there is some impact in going from $1.60 to $2, the bulk of the change has to do with the physical activities through drilling, mine planning analysis that gets those resources into reserves.
Richard Adkerson: And Brian, just one more comment along those lines. It's not something you can really divide easily. Because at higher prices, your entire mine development approach may change than it would at lower prices. So you may have a bigger footprint, bigger processing facilities. And this is an exercise that we do for purposes of public reporting with the SEC. When we get into planning actual development activities, it's not targeted to a specific price. We look at an array of prices and think about how that would fit into our portfolio, what would be an opportunity to us, and how would we manage it within our portfolio. And so it is not a simplistic thing of looking at a price and saying that's going to drive how we decide to spend our money.
Richard Adkerson: It is a question, David. We're working on all of these projects. So it's, in some cases, different teams within our company working on them. So it's not like we just go from one to another. But the one really to watch near-term is this Cerro Verde project. We expect to have a feasibility study during the early part of 2011. And that will lead to a permitting process. And the major decision we're evaluating there, a lot of it driven by water resources, is whether double or triple. So that's one to watch. At Tenke, we're doing this in steps. We have permits that allow us to expand there. So it's a different process than at Cerro Verde. And we will be making progress on that and reporting that to you as we go along. I'd say the next major project that will require -- that we're working on, we're very encouraged by the progress we're making and what we're seeing with it, is this idea of a concentrator mill at Morenci. And that would be a significant capital project, but a significant incremental value driver for Morenci in our North American operation. With the Climax startup, you can see how much money we're spending. We have our plan. We're just doing it. And it's just going to be a question of saying, "When do we start hiring the operators and going to work there?" And that's going to be based on our assessment of the marketplace. But we're spending money on a much more accelerated rate than we had previously planned to spend money.
Richard Adkerson: And part of it's just this catch-up. The last half of '08 and through at least half of '09, we really cut back capital. We were cannibalizing equipment, not buying spare parts. And now, those hundred trucks we had parked are either cannibalized or going back to work. And now we're having to get some restocking coming in on that.
Richard Adkerson: No, that's sort of strictly just the way that -- we make calculations on a quarterly basis, and it's trued up every quarter. And that reflects that. The tax rate is set by that contract award. The income tax was 35%, the withholding tax is 10%, so that has not changed.
Richard Adkerson: No, there's no change at Wabu. Our work to date does not indicate that there's a resource that warrants development from our standpoint. I will say though, we do have continued exploration/drilling outside of Block A. And that work continues, as well as significant exploration within Block A.
Richard Adkerson: We do have our contract up for renegotiation this year. I recall back in 2007 and prior, it was not uncommon to have strikes at Cerro Verde for any number of reasons, some totally unrelated to our employees. And we had plans and still have plans that allow us to operate when those strikes occur. And not all of our workers would be subject to a union strike there. But one of the things that's really improved is Cerro Verde's relationships with the community in Arequipa. We're building a major water plant for them now. The community relationships are much improved. And we just don't have the kind of issues related to work stoppages that we had going back three years ago.
Richard Adkerson: Well, there is a presidential election scheduled for the end of 2011. That's a normal cycle presidential election. There has been some changes in the constitution there about how that election will be conducted. But we're confident that our contract now has completed this 2 1/2 year-plus review process. I don't think anybody will have an appetite for opening it up. We'll be a significant tax payer. The government will be getting -- after a recoupment of the capital that we've invested on their behalf, in the future, there's dividends coming to them. We have a workforce that approaches 5,000 people, 80% of those are Congolese. And the operation's going relatively smoothly, and everybody's focused on expansion. So we think all that adds up to giving us a lot more comfort about our relationships with the government than we've had during the course of this contract review.
Richard Adkerson: Let me just say, and then I'll let Kathleen talk about the details, this is a special situation in Chile that's related to the country's recovery from the earthquake. And it's been a matter of discussion for some time now. And there was a give-and-take between the government, the administration, the parliament and the industry to come up with a structure that would provide some near-term cash to the government to deal with the significant investment they're having to make from earthquake recovery and to do it in a way that would be acceptable to the miners there. And we're supportive of it and believe that they've come up with that. Now Kathleen will talk about how it affects us.
Richard Adkerson: Peru, we have a current stabilization agreement at Cerro Verde in connection with our expansion, which the government is very supportive and encouraging of us expanding there. We will be talking about the possibility of a new stabilization agreement with the government at that point.
Richard Adkerson: The infrastructure development in that country is a major priority and a great need for the country. There is work being done with the Chinese, and they're discussing issues with the Koreans and others about it. We're having discussion with other miners there about the ultimate development of a rail connection, most logically through Angola. That would be done on a cooperative basis with companies and the government. And so that's something we're working on. Power development is another factor that we're investing in significantly now. Will require further investments, roads. So this whole infrastructure development issue is an important one, and we will be a player in that and there will be other players involved. We'll say, though, we talked a lot about this trucking issue, and it's not without its adventures, but overall, it is working very well. I mean, we are able to move product going all the way down to Durban. And costs are up because some diesel costs are up. But overall, that system's working well. And that will be the source of transport for the next expansion that we work on.
Richard Adkerson: No. I tell you, we look at this and we see correlations between many of these costs and the copper prices. And philosophically -- we have not hedged copper prices. And as a result, with a couple of minor exceptions, and historically, we've not hedged any other costs as well.
Richard Adkerson: Well, in terms of priority, it's CapEx, CapEx, CapEx, CapEx. I mean, that's our number one priority. To the extent that we can identify projects that have attractive rates of return and contribute to our growth, that's what's going to be our number one priority. And beyond that, because we're now an investment-grade rated company with all the credit rating agencies, banks are, can I say, very amenable to talking with us about financings if we need it. We won't have any need of keeping significant cash in the company, so that allows the Board to think about dividends and stock buybacks. That's a subject of ongoing discussions. With M&A activity, it's difficult. And we are in the deal flow information we have. You can rest assured that bankers present every opportunity that's available globally to us. And we have discussions and we have groups that follow projects and so forth. It's not something, I think, and my experience has been, you can't plan these unless you have a strategy of growing through acquisitions, which we do not. We have a strategy of growing through internal investments. And so potential M&A opportunities are opportunistic, and we're certainly listening to opportunities. It would have to be something that would be attractive to us incrementally to what we're doing with our basic strategy. We would not necessarily be limited to copper and molybdenum. And so we would be open to ideas. Our experience has been that it's difficult to see how those work for us given our company's situation and our internal investment opportunities.
Richard Adkerson: Well, Jorge, the copper price -- I'm asked this all the time in the media and others. And the current copper price is what it is. I mean, it's just the result of the marketplace at any point in time. It's affected by investment fund flows, that can affect the absolute price at any point in time. And it accretes, it affects the volatility in prices. All of you know that, and that's just what it is. So I don't even allow myself to think about whether the price is fair or not. It's what it is. And we don't really have a view about predicting short-term price movements. We're not traders or hedgers. So we're optimistic about the economics of this business, longer run. And that's driven by the supply challenges that you can see. We would like to turn the spigot on and produce more copper today. But we can't do that because of the time it takes to drill resources, to get permits, to get water and power and so forth. And that's the double-edged sword. We can't turn it on quickly. But because we can't, others can't either and that leads to strong prices. So we're optimistic about the future. Don't know what short-term prices are going to be. Now, in advance of each of these meetings, I have our marketing guys around the world give me comments that they're hearing from customers. And when I got those for this meeting, I looked at them and I was very encouraged by what I saw, encouraged by what we're seeing in Asia. And in the U.S., in general, it's a continuing improvement situation, same way for Northern Europe. But still, those customers that are linked in to residential, commercial real estate have weak businesses. But others are seeing their business is strong, they've adjusted to us. They are concerned about how copper prices, because of the working capital implications, the potential substitution. But offsetting that substitution is new markets that are increasingly becoming important, because of the investment in energy-saving devices, the potential future of hybrid and electric cars, the mechanization and electronics that's being put in all processes today. So fundamentally, we feel very good about the marketplace. We feel good about 2011, and we're very positive over a longer period.
Richard Adkerson: And one thing, John, too, that we're benefiting from is these years of experience that we have are developing new people. And they're not new now. But in Africa, Tenke Fungurume, you see a lot of Indonesian faces. We're using people from South America for the underground development at Grasberg. People that work with us, because of the broad scope of our open-pit mining, our underground mining, our concentrator mill processing and our SX/EW operations, have gotten tremendous amounts of experience. We're always looking for good people, and we're filling in. But for example, as we undertook the remaining of the Chino project with adding 500 or so people, we realigned some responsibilities, and all of that's going very well.
Richard Adkerson: Well, the Mining Act changes are still being debated. And we're engaged in that through the American Mining Congress. Most of our properties in the U.S. are owned in fee. So the discussions about government royalties don't apply to many of our operations. Here in Arizona, where the most significant of our operations are, there is a significant budget deficit. But there's a real focus on job creation. And we meet frequently. I'm meeting with a governor this afternoon, as a matter of fact, and talking about this notion of our ability to invest and add significant numbers of jobs in Arizona. So the politics are what the politics are globally, and we in the industry have to live with them. And as prices go up, governments, employees are going on a push for more. That's had an impact, as you know, in a number of operations and seeing projects deferred, as has environmental and community acceptance. So all of this adds to this issue of the supply, the supportive nature of the supply situation.
Richard Adkerson: The face interest rates on our existing debt is substantially higher than what we could obtain with new financing in the marketplace.
Richard Adkerson: Well, clearly, I think the world is stronger today than it was 12 or 18 months ago. I think most clearly evidenced by the improvement in the financial sector. The banks are stronger, pockets of growth are there. And there's still risk that you read about everyday, and those risks are still there. But I think everyone would agree the world is stronger today than it was 12 or 18 months ago. And we certainly see that for our business in terms of the fundamentals of selling copper. So it's there. Now our situation is, we're making so much cash at these levels, the need for financing is very low. The financing is there, as Jim Bob referred to, if an opportunistic big deal came along, we could finance that. But in terms of seeing our capital requirements as we go forward now, we have sufficient cash to pay for those.
Richard Adkerson: Well, copper in the developed world has historically been the commodity that's most closely correlated to industrial production changes. So if you look in the developed world and take your own view of GNP/IP growth, in the large part, you're going to see what copper demand is going to be. Then China, which today is between 35% and 40% of world consumption, is its own special case. And as I said, stories today is about China's GNP growth. And they're spending tremendous amounts of money on projects that require copper. And when you look out over the future years and think about what's ahead for China, in terms of its own internal development, its demand for copper is very significant. And then the rest of the developing world in Asia and South America adds to that. So I would refer you to the analysts that follow this supply-demand balance. They've been right, they've been wrong. We sell all of our product to end users. We don't sell to exchanges. We sell very little amount to traders. And we see demand being very strong.
Richard Adkerson: No, not double-digit strong. But going from the 2% to 3%, maybe to the 4% to 5% kind of levels, which is really significant for copper, considering the challenges that the market has for supply in place. I mean, most people are expecting a deficit. But I got to tell you, we're focused on dealing with our customers and our operations. We don't see ourselves as market gurus. There are lots of those out there, and we read them all and think about how we plan our businesses. And that's the way we respond.
Richard Adkerson: And with respect to aluminum, there had been uses for aluminum that traditionally were copper uses. But at the same time, copper can't compete with -- I mean, aluminum cannot compete with copper because of its fundamental qualities in conducting electricity. There's a lot of barriers to substitution because of the investments that are required. And there are new uses being developed for copper because of the way the world is changing, that copper is really moving -- when it is replaced, is really moving to higher uses in the economic cycle. So it's a great commodity because it is so difficult to replace for its fundamental uses.
Richard Adkerson: Thanks, everyone. We will look forward to reporting our progress in 2011 and appreciate your interest in our company.
Kathleen Quirk: Essentially, what we were able to do is to move -- a lot of this material was in our mineralized material previously. And so that was able to be moved into the reserve category, which is our goal going forward, to continue to find ways to move mineralized material into reserves. And it reflects, as Richard was talking about, the several years of drilling that was done. The price impact and economic assumptions did allow us to move it into reserves, but it was a result of the drilling over time.
Kathleen Quirk: That's correct. Nothing is in our volumes or the CapEx for these projects. Except the Climax CapEx is there, but not the volumes.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, at El Abra, we're just about finished with the sulfide spending there. On the replacement, we're going to be spending roughly $450 million to $500 million on Grasberg development over the next several years. So the balance of what we're talking about in $8 billion to $10 billion, aside from the Grasberg development of roughly $450 million to $500 million a year, is coming from the projects that Richard just talked about.
Kathleen Quirk: It's Cerro Verde and El Abra. It's the Cerro Verde mill project that we've been talking about, and it's a potential project at El Abra for a mill.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes, some of the timing, Brian, of what we -- we were budgeting around $900 million or $1 billion a year in sustaining CapEx. And some of what you're seeing in 2011 and 2012 is really from prior years. But a good number is around the $900 million or $1 billion for sustaining capital.
Kathleen Quirk: It is reflected in our results for the year 2010. The impact of pre-minority interest was about $16 million. And it is reflected in our results going forward, and it depends on prices and margins at each operation. But as Richard said, it is a contribution to the recovery of Chile. And we were pleased to be a part of contributing to that effort. And you asked also about Peru...
Kathleen Quirk: We haven't made a decision. We have the ability to call those, as you mentioned. And so we'll be looking at whether to call and refinance, repay with the cash on balance sheet. We haven't made decisions as to where we go, but we have opportunities that look economically attractive.
James Moffett: This is Jim Bob. Let me re-emphasize what both Rich and Kathleen has said. The reason why it's a combination is, if you get a chance to review my presentation in New York early last year, we had this huge resource. But if you don't have core holes that are drilled into it. It doesn't matter what the prices are. You can't sit back and say, "Well, we've got this big resource and that. Prices have gone up. We'll use a $2 price." If you haven't drilled the core hole and gotten the spacing, there's less area [ph] allowed to use, the definition of a proven and probable resource going into reserves, and then you can't add it to your reserves. So if you just imagine a deposit that's got an open pit, and it's sitting there, and then the deepest wells that have been drilled right below the pit level, and maybe there's one or two to three core holes that have been drilled deeper, you might put that in mineralized material, but you can't discuss it even as a possible resource, because with just one or two or three drill holes, the spacing is just too wide. What we've done is at all of our major projects, gone in, spent probably in excess of $400 million or $500 million since the acquisition of the Phelps Dodge company, and by getting the core holes and having the data spacing, it's necessary to be able to define by assays. And then, of course, by taking the average span of those assays, we can add these major volumes. I hope that gives you some idea of why we say it's a combination of the drilling. And of course, once you get the drilling, it gives the prices that you use to cut off for a $1, $1.60 or $2. That's going to have an impact on how deep you take some of these pits and add these reserves as you drill out.
James Moffett: It's still targeted at brownfield projects and gaining defined, as I just described. We obviously have some greenfield stuff that we always have in front of the exploration program, and we've got some very interesting greenfield projects. It means that, that will be pursued. But the majority of the money that you see for our budget will be a continuation of this effort to convert mineralized material around our substantial holding and continue to add to the reserve base vis-à-vis the techniques we just described to you.
James Moffett: Richard, let me make a comment about our investment strategy. With the kind of cash flow you heard that were going to be generating, assuming copper prices stay buoyant, it gives us a great opportunity to be on the lookout for big deals. And the answer is, one of the things that controls our investment strategy is we're not going to get into a situation where we take on a small deal. Because we've learned quickly, over the last 35 years of running this, as a resource business, that small projects get smaller and big projects get bigger. So we're focused on taking the opportunities. And unfortunately, when you define that investment strategy, it means that there's many projects that you look at that may have some interesting core holes, on an issue of drilling or additional exploration. But unless you're convinced that it's a big opportunity, especially with the fact that we have our mineralized material and our resources still are vast that we have not exploited. You've heard us say we've added significant reserves. Since the inception of our exploration, exploitation of these brownfield projects after the Phelps deal, we've added over 40 billion pounds of copper. Over 40 billion pounds of copper, 42 billion to be exact. That's the equivalent of Collahuasi, that's the equivalent of a Outonga [ph]. So you can see why we have a great propensity to continue what's been successful. To take a great resource that we have and make sure we define it. But big projects are our target, because that's the only thing that's going to add value to the size of the resources that we have. And that's what you're looking for.
James Moffett: John, this is Jim Bob. With the combination of the Freeport and Phelps Dodge, human resources will remain ideal. We have the finest and deepest bench that you can imagine. And of course, in order to do all the things you've heard us say we're doing, where we react to changes in the market conditions, we've been engaged in trying to define these assets and make sure that everybody understands where our best opportunities are. But there's one thing you can be assured, we suit up the finest human resource group, all the way from our mines to our research, to our financial people. This company is blessed with the best people we could possibly have. And we have enough people with the amount of experience we have, hundreds of user experience, most of which are experienced right here on either the Freeport or the Phelps Dodge properties, so that's not an issue that we even think about. We just are blessed to have the human resources group that we have.
James Moffett: Richard, let me add a little color to that. I'm not a market guru either. I'm an exploration geologist. But I'll tell that back in 1980, when we put McMoRan and Freeport together, the conversation about the replacement of copper with aluminum kind of reminds me of our energy policy in the United States where people in the 1950s said we were going to become independent of OPEC oil. And 1960, 1970, 1990, 2010, we're still trying to figure out how to become nondependent on OPEC oil. And back in 1980, '81, when we considered the combination of the McMoRan and Freeport companies, the big consideration was, was fiber optics going to replace copper? And all the same conversations as you're talking about right now were going on then, and yet the rest is history as to whether aluminum became -- or fiber optics became an option to using copper. But copper users are so varied today with the Third World countries becoming as economically improved as they are. So as I say, this conversation has been going on for 47 years that I know of, and it'll be going on 40 years from now.
James Moffett: One last issue from my side. When you look at the copper and project the amount of copper that's going to be available to the market, to the extent that has an impact on the prices, what you have to remember is, since 1980, '81, when I started doing my research on putting the two companies together, the other issue that people continue to misunderstand, if you go back and plot from 1980 to today, there's been a hell of a lot more copper used then we've found. So we haven't been replacing our reserves. We've been lucky and replaced our reserves, as we talked earlier today. If you look at the amount of copper that's been used versus the amount of copper that's been found since 1980, it would overwhelm you.
