Richard Adkerson: We can double production using our existing transportation system. That's producing copper cathode and actually the truck system has worked reasonably well much better than quite frankly expectations were. There are times we have delays at the borders but the system has worked reasonably well. And we think that, we see it working for doubling of where we are now.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we use contractors. And there is some Congo lease contractors and also some South African contractors. But the equipment of availability is there.
Richard Adkerson: Well, over time – people have talked in the range of 400,000 tons, 50,000 tons but it’s really depend on what we see with our continuation of our drilling as we analyze development options. But clearly something that could get up to world class mines levels.
Richard Adkerson: No. I mean we are – it wouldn’t require. I mean we will always look for what's the best structure and so forth and what we might do, nothing is required. I mean it’s the rail connection, really – the optimal solution would be connecting with this railroad that's been built through Angola by the government of Angola supported by Chinese. There is a much – the connection within the country is really an old rail line that once was there and we'll be restoring it and it’s not the kind, it’s not significant project that you have in Angola. So it would something that we are talking with the government about it’s – somewhere down the road, it is not a near-term deal. But we are confident that could be, that could be built.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we focused on overall market and we look at what’s going on in the marketplace. We are the world’s leading producer of molybdenum, lowest cost producer and we are going to protect our market share as we go forward.
Richard Adkerson: All right. Tony, let me just answer that. I mean, Diego was a – Diego was guy, we know very well, got to be friends with him down in Chili and I’m pleased for him, he’ll do a great job for Codelco. But we had worked, we had developed a relationship with Codelco under the existing management that was extraordinarily positive. There had been some history at El Abra, but I was just down in Cisco, met with Jose Pablo and his team and they were very positive about our work at El Abra, where they have a 49% interest. They're enthusiastic about this joint project we’re undertaking and so, we couldn't have been more pleased with our relationship with Codelco as it stands now, and I’m sure it will be great under the new management team, the Minister of Mines is very positive about Freeport, about Freeport working the new Minister of Mines with Codelco. So all of that’s good. Now Chile faces this significant reconstruction project from the damage caused by the earthquake and that’s affecting the finances for the whole country. We are looking at using some reserve funds about raising some money in the capital markets and they are talking about certain increases in taxes and royalties, broadly, at least for the mining industry. And realistically that’s going to have an impact on Codelco for some time and that, and we take it, provides opportunities for us to expand our relationships with. So we are happy for Diego, but we were very pleased with our relationship with Codelco as it’s been recently.
Richard Adkerson: Yeah. First part of your question, as you noted, there is a lot of skepticism about China, there has been since 2003, about China’s internal economy and bubbles in its property sector and just overall concerns about its ability management growth. They’ve done it very well. They internal economy is doing well. But there is a lot of questions about this issue about the relationship between imports and internal consumption. So that's there, the U.S. continues and western world continues to be having this overhang of the economic downturn and issues like Greece and Goldman Sachs over the marketplace. So it’s just part of the world we live in, longer range we are very optimistic about China, about, alternately about the recovery in the developed world’s economy. We like where our company has placed. We’ve got growth opportunities. We were focused on liquidity protection beginning in late 2008 and into 2009. Now we’re shifting gears a bit and we’re going to be working diligently on looking for opportunities within our existing sets of assets. We are always alert to other opportunities and overtime, we are going to as we got effectively over the years. We are going to show the marketplace. I mean, our issue is performance. I couldn’t be more pleased with the performance we have in running our business and we are going to do a great job in taking advantage of opportunities, where they come to us overtime.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we have certain amount of cash that aren't available to us for corporate purposes. But beyond that, we don't see any real needs of maintaining substantial amount of cash within our company. So we are going to be managing our cash position going forward by looking as we always do our forward view of cash flows, looking for opportunities for investment and then to the extent there is available cash, we will be talking with our board about what's the most appropriate way of returning that to shareholders.Kuni Chen – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Richard Adkerson: Yeah. It’s more like 70%, 75% rather than 80%, but yeah it’s not a complicated process. We have – it is equipment and people. We have available equipment and we were real pleased with our ability to ramp up in terms of hiring, we’re able to find a lot of people to work for us. So, it’s not a constraint; it’s a management issue, but it’s not a constraint in terms of stepping up. It’s a condition in the marketplace. And we’re staying, as I indicated a couple of occasions, we are studying the next steps beyond this one, I guess, it’s too starting the mill increasing mining rate.Kuni Chen – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks.
Richard Adkerson: The total expense over many years. We have now invested in building the infrastructure that allows us to get there. We’re beginning now to take the initial steps on mine development. We’re investing in our rail system for the first time. There’ll be a shaft development in the underground. Mark, why don't you make some comments on that and maybe Kathleen can talk about some of the detail.
Richard Adkerson: David, we have this chart up on the wall and I just read the wrong number – wrong name, David, I’m sorry.
Richard Adkerson: But, when I talk about this being an underground mine, compared with other undeveloped mines, it is really significantly different. Because we do have the mill and the infrastructure built for that. We have the town sight, the port system, all of the supporting infrastructure. So it’s development really relates to just what Kathleen and Mark were talking about developing the underground mine as opposed to kind of what you’d be faced, if this was a mine, that would be, to standalone basis somewhere else in world.
Richard Adkerson: It’s more in the electrical side of the business, Sal, both here in the U.S. and in Europe. There's some pockets of – of parts of the economy, as you can see, automobile production is one thing that’s generating some business for people. When we look at the residential, commercial construction business, it’s still weak but it’s more bottomed out. So you’ve got situations of where our downstream customers are not facing further declines in their business, they have very low inventories because the cost of copper and the financial situations. They're not carrying any inventory. So when they have pieces of their business that generate opportunities, we can see immediate demands for copper.
Richard Adkerson: Well, copper is so correlated to overall economic output. In the develop world, it’s closely correlated to industrial production. And so as you see, as the same sort of thing you heard in the JP Morgan report, where they were seeing some improvements in the credit card business and the like. All those things come together. So it will be a combination of industrial production, employment, business investment. And all those things and there's some positive signs with that, as they improved and then you’ll see demand for copper stepping up.
Richard Adkerson: We continue to have very positive discussions, we have not completed those discussions and so there is nothing more to report on than that. So, it’s something we are continuing to be committed to work with in a way that's beneficial to us in the country.
Richard Adkerson: You know, it is an ongoing basis. So it’s, and the country is dealing with a number of issues now. There has been a government that was formed in the first quarter, we’ve structured the government. The people we work most directly with the mine’s minister and then the Prime Minister are still in their positions. We work with the government. Just to emphasis we have a contract. We continue to work on that contract and get our business operating in the right way. We’re working on expansion, so none of this is holding us back at the present time. We do need to get this resolved. Is in our interest and the government's interest and we are both working to do that.
Richard Adkerson: Well, the range of incremental expansions is real broad and so you can see in the numbers that we disclosed to you today are what the steps we are taking today involve. We talked about Morenci being in the range of $0.08 to $0.10 of incremental costs to do the stripping that's necessary to step up our mine rates there.
Richard Adkerson: Our – we look out at the major expansion projects, we think that those will come in with cash costs is consistent with our current cash cost levels.
Richard Adkerson: And that's going to be there, where we do. The issue will be the amount of capital that's required to develop those because once you start talking about milling facilities for sulfide resources that's a lot of capital. But we would be looking at resources that should be able to be produced at attractive, attractive cash costs.
Richard Adkerson: You know, my reaction is to tell you yes but we are going to be, we are going to be studying to maximize what these resources are available to us. It is going to be an ongoing process of where we are going to continue to do analysis and work to decide where to go forward but the – the potential for significant growth is there and we believe the market is going to allow us to produce it. Go back to one thing I said earlier, the first major expansion opportunity that we have is going to be a Cerro Verde and we think a year from now, we will be, we will be, we will have completed our feasibility study and we will be preparing to more than double the production from that mine. So that is the first, will be working in the meantime. We are going to do an incremental studies of how we can enhance our near-term production and look for opportunities to make these kind of major investments that Jim Bob and I have been talking with you about to have the significant kind of future increase that are available to us.
Richard Adkerson: Well, no. We are talking about that's unlikely this stage. So as we sit, look today, it's likely going to be beginning after the summer of 2012.
Richard Adkerson: First of all the dogs are American trained. Some of them are (inaudible) German Shepherds but they are just part of the process that we had to bring in resources to this. We had a sheering [ph] event in January. We've actually had two in the last six months. We had hoped that all the work that had been done last fall would have been in at this situation but we did have the other event in January but not since then. The Government has put resources on this. We recently entered into a memorandum of understanding with the security forces. We are – we are encouraged by their food organization and commitment to it. We have adopted with the advice of security consultants, procedures for transporting people and equipment on our road to say we are satisfied, we are not satisfied because the investigation into the perpetrators of this has not been completed or they have not been found. We are pleased with the enhanced security. Our people there have great morale. They feel good about it. We are not loosing people as a result of this but we are continuing to encourage the authorities to complete their investigation and get to the bottom of this and bring the people who are doing these terrible things for justice.
Richard Adkerson: We are producing. We actually produce cobalt at a good rate in the first quarter. We had roughly 5 million pounds of production. The quality of the cobalt, while it is marketable, it is not to the standards that we want it to be and we are getting some discount on that but we will. The way to look at it is that the life of the mine rate, design capacity is 18 million pounds a year. And during the early years we will produce 20 to 25 million pounds a year, but getting in '10 and '11.
Richard Adkerson: We have. And this is a legacy Freeport disclosure, but if you will go back to slide 28, we have a five year plans for PCSI [ph].
Richard Adkerson: Okay. And it shows copper and gold grades, the copper and gold production. This issue about the variance of the grades and the material at the core of the Grasberg versus at higher elevations is more pronounced for gold than it is for copper.
Richard Adkerson: But that's just a function of the mineralization. It is such an incredible ore body, from a grade standpoint that when you are at the heart of it and this golden horse shoe that we have talked about for years, you get extraordinary grades for copper. But really, eye popping rates for gold. It is more pronounced in the variations as you can see on this slide on page 28.
Richard Adkerson: The tax situation always depends on the relative contribution of taxable income in different areas. We report our consolidated tax but we pay tax by country. And so, when copper prices are low because we have corporate overhead and cost here, we pay very little U.S. tax but a lot of tax in Indonesia. With higher prices, we generate taxable income everywhere we operate. So that's what you are seeing as the consequence of that.
Richard Adkerson: Thanks, Jim Bob. I will point out to everyone when you get to annual reports, there will be a table that shows each one of our ore, underground ore bodies that will have the copper. It's in the 10-K as well. So you can go web and see it. But it has each one our underground ore bodies and it has the copper and gold grades for it. One of the things you will notice is in the cave ore body and some of that extends into the Grasberg block cave is that we have low recoveries of some ore that's affected by power [ph]. In fact we are only predicting right now 50% of recovery. So one of the opportunities that we have long range is to deal with the metallurgical analysis and processing of this ore and get more gold out of this ore than we currently can establish under the criteria for reporting proved and probable reserves. But there's a lot more detail on that in our supplemental disclosures in our 10-K.
Richard Adkerson: Well, that is the reason we suspended those construction. If we hadn't had that concern, we would have gone forward with it because the project is really a home run in today's molybdenum prices. But it is 30 million pounds in a market that's approaching 450 million pounds. So, that is the issue that we are monitoring because we do produce significant moly from our, as by-products from our copper mines. And so, as we get comfortable that the market can absorb this moly. That will be the trigger for us to go forward. But, sure we have that concern.
Richard Adkerson: Well, as we talked about, if we were to begin construction in the summer of 2011, by the end of 2012, we would be producing moly from Climax.
Richard Adkerson: It would say, it's across, mainly driven by China but we are seeing some demand improvements in the West as well, US and Europe.
Richard Adkerson: No. It’s going to – it depends on a number of factors. If we look at the current cost structure of the industry, there would be some increase in costs but you would still have these high levels of production and in that case cost of less than $0.50 a pound. There have been times with varying energy costs when our models actually showed underground being cheaper because you use a lot less diesel, but if you look at current cost levels and we think about life of the mine on average for the pit being in the range of $0.30, say and a million plus pounds of copper at a $1,000 – well, at the open pit, it would be less than 25%, at a $1,000 plus gold which would be another factor that will determine it. You are still talking about cost in the range of 30, $0.35 a pound. So very attractive cost level.
Richard Adkerson: In other works it’s more of a repetition of the way you operated on day-to-day basis and because of that there's tremendous opportunities for technology to improve the cost structure underground. I have talked with Caterpillar and others there investing in that right now, other operators because the industry is going to be characterized as being much more heavily underground than it is today because of just where the resources are in the future. So we are going to be working and looking at ways of using technology, in think that's a great opportunity for managing costs as we go forward.
Richard Adkerson: No. It’s not only Blackburn and you must have missed some of the earlier conversations because we have address t it on a couple of occasions. We continue to have positive conversations with the represented governments. There's a lot of issues going on within the country, they are restructured their government but we are engaged in ongoing discussions which we believe will result in a successful resolution at least for us and for us and for the country.
Richard Adkerson: I am encouraged about where we are today. But I have been very –haven't been able to predict time frames on this process and I am not going to do it today.
Richard Adkerson: Appreciate it. Appreciate your comment and again I will emphasize we are operating under our contract every day. We are working to produce copper efficiently. We are doing. We are working to improve our cobalt circuit, making progress. We have got hundreds of trucks tracking back and forth between the port carrying copper down and supplies back. And so we are operating as we speak and we are investing in our next expansion project.
Richard Adkerson: No. The answer is no. We are not going to let the cost go up to $2. In 2009, Justine, our North costs net of by-product credit was $1.111. In our first – in our fourth quarter conference call, we had given the 2010 estimate of $1.23. We are updating that to a $1.24 today. So even though we are talking about spending some fourth quarter conference call, we had given the 2010 estimate of $1.23. We are updating that to $1.24 today. So even though we are talking about spending some additional money, we are going to keep our unit cost down. We are seeing because as I mentioned because of the mining more material and stripping at Morenci that it will add some costs. We are showing cost before by-product credits of a $1.50. Three months ago, we said it would be $1.45. So basically, there, that reflects the decisions we are making today. So there is some change to it but it is not any kind of radical with different cost structure that we have talked about.
Richard Adkerson: It is not really a midpoint. I mean, we were close to $2. We are talking about $1.24 now but the time we are talking about close to $2, we were looking at copper at $1.50 a pound and lot of people thought it was going lower. Today, we got copper at $3.50 a pound, something we think it will go lower and higher but my point is these changes we are seeing in our cost are proportionately much, much lower than the changes we are seeing in the realizations of our products. And so our profitability is expanding by an amazing level.
Richard Adkerson: You know, it will vary depending on when we, when we get things done. This is the cash expenditure. So equipment is being ordered, things are being done and so it's not a smooth situation you are talking about. Activities have varied as a replacement equipment for Morenci in building an underground shaft and railroad system in Indonesia. So it’s across the board.
Richard Adkerson: Let me just clarify a couple of points. We have a contract of work, which under its terms does not require us to divest of any of our interest in PTFI. There were provisions in the contract to that effect when it was signed in 1991, but under its terms those have fallen away. So there's no requirement. The Indonesia government has asked us to voluntarily consider offering, this interest that you refer to just under 10% Indonesian interest. That was several years ago, the Central Government so as indicated that it if is not interesting in buying incremental shares they currently owned just under 10%. We have – their discussions you refer to again with the Province of Papua, which has an interest in buying those shares. And we see some potential strategic benefits of working to achieve that. So that pop ones have a share ownership interest, we provide significant support that community already through various programs. And we are committed to continuing to do that. There are some structural issues associated with accomplishing that and we are continuing to address those in a very corporative and positive way, it’s really too early to say. When this might happen or has it might happen, but it would in a way that would not be detrimental to FCX shareholders. And it would be something that we believe if we are successful in doing this under that structure. We are talking about that it could have some positive strategic benefits in terms of our relationships with the Province of Papua with the people of Papua.
Richard Adkerson: No. That I wouldn’t affect that analysis of all, as we discussed with Moody’s when they raise that issue several years ago. We then helped through the Phelps Dodge deal, significantly reduced the concentration of this company. Indonesia because now it’s 30 to 40% of our businesses before where was a 100%. So we do have this geographical diversification now but Indonesia important part of business is that corner stone asset. The financial communities, this view of Indonesia as you may know has really improved. So Indonesia's economies perform well. It is have the stock market during this downturn has been the second best performing stock market in the world. And the country is committed to improving its investment climate. So over time, we think that the first of all the world's view Indonesia has improved and will continue to improve at some point we will be able to demonstrate to Moody’s that we are indeed an investment grade rating company as the rest of the world seems to view us.
Richard Adkerson: Thanks, everyone for participating and we look forward to reporting on our progress as we go forward in 2010.
Kathleen Quirk: Just in terms of the numbers and these are total numbers and we share with via 10-K [ph] and these are amounts that are spent over a long period of time. But for the Grasberg block cave, it’s just over $3 billion and the Deep MLZ, the initial capital is roughly $2 billion, the Kucing Liar is roughly $2.5 billion, we’ve also got some mill modifications. But we are looking at spending over the life of the mine in the aggregate ongoing throughout the life of the mine being around $500 million a year and our share of that being about $350 million a year for that underground development over the life of the mine.
Kathleen Quirk: We’ve been spending at eclipse going back mainly on the common infrastructure, going back for several years now. But we’re stepping up now the expenditures on the Grasberg block-cave, and again, we’re going to be spending, our share of spending is going to be in $350, $400 million range for the next several years.
Kathleen Quirk: We’re going to start reporting our cash cost once we get ramped up to the cobalt ramped up. But in the first quarter, our cash cost averaged just over $1.
Kathleen Quirk: And we are targeting getting to 52% [ph] or below once we get the cobalt issues resolved and the issues in the SO2 plant resolved. So we don't think the first quarter really was representative of what will be on a run rate basis. But that's what it was.
Kathleen Quirk: And the Cerro Verde alone would go a long way to what you are talking about, Mark. One other comment on the mineralized material, we reported 122 billion pounds of mineralized material, a lot of that is in North America, over 70 billion pounds of contained copper is in North America and sulfide material, that just back to the point that we are making about great opportunity that we have in North America on milling.
Kathleen Quirk: No, I think you can read the report and see what things that they been looking at that we have ongoing dialogue with Moody's and we're going to continue to do what we think makes sense for our balance sheet and ultimately that, we believe it should give us an investment grade rating but we will let them complete their analysis.
Kathleen Quirk: As we look at it right now, as we show it evenly distributed within the three quarters but in the case that when we are ramping up capital, it usually does get delayed so in a quarter to quarter but hasn't right now the planning purposes, it's pretty evenly distributed.
Jim Bob Moffett: Make a comment about the sulfide ore. We have talked a lot about the – South America and North America and these – remember they – we talked about it in one of our other calls and I made the example that if you look at this as a big pear sitting in the ground and that is part of the pear that's exposed is the oxide ore, which is really just a small part of the pear, it has gotten ripened by the exposure to the weathering et cetera. So you have got this big sulfide ore whether you talk about South America or North America, underneath all of these oxide ores you are going to have a substantial sulfide ore. That means you deepen the pit, you widen the pit, you mine the bridges in the pit especially Morenci to increase your production. As Richard said the most important thing is the capital outlay because the reason why the oxide ore of in mine, they were preference, especially the sulfide properties, by playing in the leach patch and laminating these necessities in (inaudible) and smelting, really put the oxide ores into their – in the prominence, we were talking about much lower copper prices. So, I think it is – I think it goes without saying, that there is a huge amount of ore which we drilled up since we made the acquisition and as confirmed the sulfide ore had been mine by Phelps Dodge, by anybody because of the fact that when you are looking at your dollar, copper less or lot of people thought nice. They said copper was a long range price; all of that psychology has changed substantially. So I think in answer to the question, we just asked, if you got to put into perspective, the fact that sulfide ore is more expensive to mine not so much in the cash cost of production but when you look at the outlay of cash, to get yourself in the production, the mills are obviously more expensive at least that is to matter of fact but the amount of ore, we have been able to access is basically five, six seven times the amount of oxide ore that existed.
Jim Bob Moffett: Richard I might just add to the comment about the gold rates, we will go underground. Interestingly enough, we have discussed with you before, don't mind the waste material, the profile of the ore extraction will change significantly with underground. Because you are really basically taking the horse shoe and you are block caving that. So you don't take out the high walls and industry of mining that we've had to deal with the last 20 years. And the open-pit is significantly different. So surprising to say that when you see these gold rates going up and down, as we move from the open-pit is up to, iron ores to keep the symmetry. That's when it has the most impact on the gold rate. Once you get underground and get the block cave going, both underground operations will help to reach 240,000 pounds a day. You are going to have more predictable gold grades as you stay out of the waste material.
Jim Bob Moffett: As we said while ago, remember when we talked going underground the cost is going up. We also, as Richard just said, you need a lot of less space of all these trucks that are no longer all the net raise the way because when we talked about the underground mining taking all of the owners and the gold grades don’t vary like they do in the open pit and therefore your by-product credit stage a more predictable so you have got less truck fleet which obviously which is the costs associated with cooperating all the trucks and you have – and you stay in category of ore bodies and you don't have to be with the rates. That's really we all said why because that doesn't vary principally and have the by-product, that would be different story.
