Richard Adkerson: That's okay. Okay, thank you, Jorge. We pay no export duties on copper concentrate shipments currently and we have never had that as part of operations. So this is a new duty that's in there. Now, we pay 35% income tax, which our contract provides for. Since the contract was signed, income tax rates have dropped in Indonesia and other companies currently pay 25%. We have a 10% tax withholding tax on distributions from PT-FI to FCX. There is payroll taxes. There is royalties under the contract and there is other types of payments. Overall, we have historically been one of Indonesia's largest income tax payers, many years the largest. We would estimate that we pay $15 billion in taxes, royalties, income taxes royalties and other taxes to the government over the life of the contract and under the contract we would be paying very large amounts going forward. So we are a major financial tax payer and contributor to the government of Indonesia, but not in the form of export duties on copper concentrate exports. The announcement and regulations that have been adopted today, talk about a progressive royalty starting at 25% going to 60%, in steps through 2016 through the middle part of 2016 and then it talks about beyond that there would be a ban on exports. We don't know exactly how that would be applied because the regulations implemented have not been completed and we are waiting to see that, but if you were to apply those rates to the gross value of our concentrate exports, it's a very large amount that would be incremental to the very large payments we are already making to the government. And that is what we are engaged in discussions on with the fact that it's inconsistent with our contract of work and that the amounts would result in a very large amount going to the government. So those we have got to deal with. On our underground development, based on our confidence that is supported by our track record of operating there over many years and dealing in a country that's gone through tremendous social, political changes and economic changes. We have confidence, we are going to work this out, so we are continuing with our underground development program, in fact, had a year with that 2013, because it's important so that we can make this transition from mining in the pit to mining underground. That underground development is a extraordinarily attractive development opportunity for our company. When you stack it up against other projects around the world, given the high volumes with demand underground, we are looking at underground mines providing 240,000 tons a of ore to mill, which is just extraordinary. At a very low cost, at cost levels based on today's cost. That would be comparable to open pit mining. It's just really important to us and with our confidence is being able to work with a government to resolve this matter, we are continuing with our development plans underground.
Richard Adkerson: First of all, we are currently processing about 40% of our output from the Grasberg operations of PTFI at the Indonesian smelter, so that 40% will not be subject to any that is export duty acquired through international sales of copper concentrates, so will be 60%. We sell concentrate. It has both, copper and gold in it, so we don't sell copper concentrate and gold concentrate separately there, but we are waiting to see how these regulation would work and then how we can reach an understanding within the Indonesian government about how to reconcile this regulation with our contracted work and was the basis for us to go forward.
Richard Adkerson: Okay. Dave, it's a good question. The practical issue we face is there is limited amount of opportunities to produce copper concentrate story. Just because of the nature of the product and where we are. We are looking at alternatives for that's very it. There's a limited amount of opportunities. Copper concentrate story. The major project or product where we are were looking at alternatives for that all we are addressing mine plans to reduce concentrate production as we continue to mine. We are looking at the plans of how to arrange shipments to smelter, we are looking at alternative storage opportunities are but as we go forward we would want to focus operations on continuing to produce from the block cave DOZ. The nature of black cave were up and preserve the operation, so we will progressively be looking at ways of continuing to produce. There's a mill first on the block cave supplemented by the pit to shift to Grasberg. We will maximize storage opportunities and then if we are not successful in getting this done, we would be forced to scale back operations in the pit and suspend operations now. Look, we are talking about getting this resolved and that will work to reduce in everyone's interest and so that's the crown communications we are having with the government. We have had a long history of really success upon investment for our shareholders but also Indonesia and that's what we are going to try to build on to resolve this issue.
Richard Adkerson: Let me make two comments about your question, Sal. While the primary term of this contract does end in 2021, the contract itself provides for two tenure extension. Freeport reserves through 2041, on the basis of that contract provision, and the extensions are provided for an extension on the terms of the original contract. Now, I think most of you know that for over two years now we have engaged with the government as a reviewed contracts as a comparatives contract to the 2009 mining law, and we have indicated a willingness to sit down with the government and talk about some revisions that would be responsive to certain of the government's aspirations in a way that would protect the value of our shareholders, so that's the process that we have been going through. The contract does provide that we do have the rights for international arbitration and that is a protection that we consider to be important for our contract. We have a strong are not to go to international arbitration and that is a feature that's available to us, but it's not something we see as an attractive course of action for this much more attractive course of action would be able to find a mutually agreeable resolution to it with the government.
Richard Adkerson: Mike, Indonesia has changed so much. From the transition from the government in 1998 to the evolution of the country free and open democracy with the prepress and so forth, so like here in other places in the world, you know, there are people I know who are commenting on this who aren't familiar with the full facts and situation. There are also people made comments for political purposes and that happens everywhere, so the point is we will engage in serious discussions with people. Press articles will be what press articles are and you have to read that with the understanding of the nature of the situation.
Richard Adkerson: Well, no. there is initially a parliamentary election that occurs in the spring and the presidential election does initial around of the election is scheduled for mid-summer to July timeframe. Then if that doesn't decide the president, there would be a subsequent one-off election that would be later in (Inaudible).
Richard Adkerson: Well, it would only be in connection with having a successful completion of the contract review process in getting an extension to our contract, so like we have done in other places in Indonesia over the years, as we listen to these things and we have some productive discussions about how could we get a resolution of this process? Get the contract review behind us, get our extensions, end up having some concessions that we would like from contract that the government could feel if they had achieved something of importance in representing the government and the people and we could have a way of successfully having a mutually agreeable outcome to this would but it would be in the context of getting all this behind us.
Richard Adkerson: Okay. Let me just make sure that the rest of the people on the call understand. Thanks for your comment about our operations in Grasberg. Would PTFI our other operations that produce concentrates, sells the concentrate to PT Smelting, which is a jointly owned company in which PTFI has a 25% interest. That concentrate includes copper, gold and silver. The PT Smelting's smelter and refinery, produces copper cathode from that concentrate, which is the basic product of pure copper that then goes to fabricators to produce wire and other copper projects. There is a residual slime that has gold and silver in it and currently there is not a processing facility in Indonesia to process that and that since the construction of the PT Smelting facility, there has been shift to Japan for further processing. We are still waiting to see how these regulations come out, but our expectation that that slime will be able to continue to be shipped without export duty at least for the next three years, so we think that that's going to be a restriction on PT Smelting's operations. The feasibility study that we are working with would including slime processing facility, so we are looking at the cost of a project that would be $2 billion, $2.5 billion, plus working capital that would include a facility to process the slimes and recover the copper and gold in Indonesia.
Richard Adkerson: It just reflects what our mine plan shows and then we wanted to give since we were giving the disclosures on a basis of not having any impact of this situation on our operations, we want to give you some sense of what we are talking about. So what we are looking at is based on our mine plans a plan of continuing to ship to PT smelting. This would be what would be affected for international shipments out of PT-FI.
Richard Adkerson: From the start, we have seen this situation because of the capital spending at Cerro Verde and other places that this cash flow from normal operations was going to hit us in 2016. That's mining business adds, our oil and gas adds, considering the platform shut-ins and all of these projects ramping up. So 2016 and the very favorable operations in Indonesia in 2016, all of that adds up to 2016 being a hell of a year. So that's through normal operations were we could reach it. Now beyond that, as I mentioned, our board challenges, we are challenging ourselves to find ways of advancing that and we are working very actively on the possibility of asset sales, potentially joint venture arrangements, potential transaction involving the MLP market in some way. So all those things are working and we are really focused on trying to advance the time when we get the targeted debt level reach.
Richard Adkerson: So we understand, and that has been the facts, just about the flow of capital and so forth about 2014, 2015, the cash flows are going to fund these projects that generate the volumes. Not only 2016, but those volumes go forward, way beyond 2016 and then we have additional growth opportunities in those really post-2016 years when the oil and gas growth really kicks in, the capital that Jim was talking about, having the opportunities now enhances that and then we are looking for the next round of expansion projects in the mining business.
Richard Adkerson: On Lineham Creek, Adam, Chevron is the operator and we are. Chevron is developing its completion plan and we will be coming out with ASCs and so forth, I would expect Lineham Creek, because of Chevron is the first well of this debt with Chevron has completed in this trend taking their time and so forth. There may be first half of '15 before we had a completion at Lineham Creek. That's why the Lomond North, Davy Jones 2, Blackbeard West completion this year will be more significant to the distribution of the royalty trust and we think we will be able to make distributions four to six months of commercial production.
Richard Adkerson: We are in the process of completing Davy Jones number 2 right now and the West Blackbeard, while you referenced would be the subsequent on operation on a completion for that. Assuming the Davy Jones operation goes as planned, we should be completed with Davy Jones in the second quarter be moving along to the West Blackbeard completion, which would be our third quarter completion there.
Richard Adkerson: Right. It's hard to more information on what we are doing differently. Now, we hope the reservoir performs differently and the relationship between the drilling fluids and the reservoir as they will become the impediment that we think happened to Davy Jones 1 as well as we are operating at a much better environment with twice the whole size and more standardized equipment. We have drilled a lot of wells here since we drilled Davy Jones 1, we heard a lot of things. There were some things we still don't know. The one thing on the Davy Jones 2 that it was the deepest wells [stratigraphicly] we drilled today and that was before we had the sophisticated logging tools. We don't have as much diagnostic information as we like here on the Lomond well on cores and logs and so forth, but drilling the Lomond well and having have a lot of closed sands in the Cretaceous and also the well cost itself on most of our completion process. You are going to get our best efforts. There is no guarantees or expectations of change other than we are going to try as hard as we can.
Richard Adkerson: If everything goes as planned, that's correct. Its all subject to change in weather and operational challenges.
Richard Adkerson: We would never comment on that, Joan, as part of strategic reason and so forth and what we are going to do or not do. We are going to react appropriately to create value for you as our shareholder and everyone else and we have a tremendous acreage right here at Lomond that has a lot of drilling to do and a fantastic reservoir. So its getting a lot of attention here early on.
Richard Adkerson: I wouldn't make that assumption, Joan. I really wouldn't and probably we need to move on to some other questions at this point in time. So stay in touch. Appreciate it.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. John, you are remembering past year is where we did show a much bigger down dip. One thing that's happened, our continuing exploration delineation, the IOZ was the older mines. It went to the DOZ, the deep ore zone. All this is a continuation of block caving that started really back in early 80s. We have all an extension of the DOZ, causes the deep MLZ which we are targeting to drill around in 2015 and that mine's early years had some very good grades of copper and gold. So that has really helped us mitigate the impact of the transition from the pit to the Grasberg Block Cave which lies underneath the pit which we can't start mining until we get out of the pit because of substrata. So that will ramp up but won't provide much in the way that 2017 will include DOZ March, even if there is a deep MLZ and some stockpiles from the pit that we will have.
Richard Adkerson: Well, you know the sales of concentrate to that smelter are like they are under the rest of the global industry. They are on the basis of a sales contracts. So the smelter has a capacity of about 1.2 million tons of concentrate. Currently we supply about 90% of that, I believe, and so going forward it depends on how those contracts play out. There is no regulations that govern that. That's strictly commercial negotiations between, PTFI and PT Smelting. We are part owner in PT Smelting and the other Indonesian copper producer has been providing some concentrates there, but there's nothing that legally gives anybody rights or roadblocks providing that. It's strictly driven by the smelter's capacity and its [existing].
Richard Adkerson: Well, we have active communications with our customers. Several things are going on in the smelting business right now, think about the sound from the storm, so we have always been able to work cooperatively with our with our customers with the timing of shipments and so forth we don't have a real short-term issue of problems to deal with.
Richard Adkerson: Well, it's having an impact now in essence that because of these new regulation and the fact that the full regulatory team has not been finished and communicated. We are currently not exporting. We had some ships that loaded early in January that had permit to carry it open 2013, so we have had shipments. On that basis, we have shipments to PT Smelting. We have timed everything to give us some working room here as we deal with this issue, so over time, the ultimate event that would start requiring to do more significant scale backs would be not having space to store the concentrate that we produce.
Richard Adkerson: No, Brian. It's a good catch. I mean, I am not to bring that up. Our actual costs are $17 barrel, but when you shut-in Marlin, which is 30,000 a day for 90 days. It has a dramatic effect on the over all. It kicks our overall company-wide cost up to $20 a barrel. Next year, we think our cost is going to be somewhere in the $18 barrel. Again, that is absorbing shut-in at Holstein, which is about 16,000 barrels a day or Horn Mountain, which is another 14,000 barrels a day, so that gives you the artificial inflation to our cost, the $20 barrel for this year and $18 barrel next year and you will see our cost go down towards $15 a barrel in 2016 just because we won't be suffering those shut-ins. So, there is no movement cost other than those shut-ins. I appreciate you brining that up.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. Then that's going to change as dependent - we are planning a nine day shut-in, if weather goes our way and things happen where we should know it's a couple of weeks earlier, that all has a dramatic there. So we hope that's a number that its an outside number.
Richard Adkerson: So we continue to be very optimistic about China. In the global copper markets are tight, in China you can see that with premiums that are paid with falling exchange stocks around the world, just how dramatically they fall. In China you do have this copper that's in the bonded warehouses that are off-exchanges. So depending on how that goes, depending on how these financing deals go, but when you look at the performance of the economy in China, even though there's some slowdown, the size of the economy is growing to the extent that the somewhat lower percentages still translate into very substantial amounts of copper demand. So we are optimistic about it. We are also realistic to know that there could be changes depending on how the manage the inventories, how these financing transactions work and just how their whole activities go but we are optimistic about it. And as I said, I think in general, that market is much more optimistic about it than they were a year ago.
Richard Adkerson: It's clearly shifting. I mean China's automobile production is way up. I mean, way up. The things for consumers. air conditioners and the like are up. But at the same time, for that, China has going to have to continue to develop infrastructure to deal with the underdeveloped large population they have on the interior. So China has the financial resources to do that. So it will be a combination of increasingly important internal consumer base economy as well as continued infrastructure development.
Richard Adkerson: All right Thanks, Jim Bob. Thanks to everyone for participating in our call. We will be keeping you informed as all of these things progress. I would just echo what Jim Bob said. We got a great company, great team here, great assets, great growth opportunities and we look forward to (Inaudible) diligently to create values for you, our shareholders. Thanks very much.
Jim Flores: We built a smelter in the mid-90s. It was on the order of, it was a world-class smelter, 300,000 tons of metal. One of the most efficient smelters in the world. At that time, its cost was in the order of $750 million. Since that time, the replacement cost for that smelter, we have had some third party experts analyzing this in conjunction with working with the government, the cost of building that has roughly tripled since the Gresik smelter was built. At the same time, TCs and RCs haven't risen. They are processing fees that smelters receive because of market dynamics. The expansion of smelter capacity in Asia, principally in China and how that capacity stacks up with available concentrates on a global basis. So you have got a situation where smelter construction cost has tripled and processing fees are in the range where they were back in mid-90s and so that makes the economic of building new smelter a challenge, and that's what we have got to talk with the government about.
Jim Flores: Well, I don't want to speculate because I think we are going to reach an agreement. It obviously, as we have these discussions and particularly given the circumstances within Indonesia, with the upcoming elections and so forth, for us to speculate publicly, it would just be inappropriate right now. So we are going to keep the market informed. We are going to work as we have always done in a positive way. We are engaged everyday and we are going to work to find a solution. You have got to think through those scenarios but I think you can appreciate from my standpoint, it is just not appropriate for us to try to speculate on those sorts of negative outcomes.
Jim Flores: A lot of that is surrounding, this is a project which is dynamic and we make adjustments as we go along. We do everything we can to save capital. Some of it is things like labor escalation and things of those nature. But there is nothing fundamentally changed about it.
Jim Flores: Oscar, this is Jim. Good morning. There's two components of the increases in production. Number one, we retained the Gulf of Mexico assets. We did not sell them because of some productive events that happened there. We accelerated some of our pipe reserves, or are in the process of doing that in conjunction with Chevron's operation. So the present value changed dramatically and we are going to enjoy those productions. That's number one. Number two, as we are scheduling work to be done in the Gulf of Mexico, the deepwater is long lead time project. We are finding more efficient ways to do things. We are finding ways to look at the facilities (inaudible) over the long term and the most reserves from our Horn Mountain facility instead of us drilling wells on the facility and then they were up to production and actually having a lower production for 2015. We are doing subsea-only in the Horn Mountain versus the combination dry trees with a rig on the Horn Mountain structure and subsea. Therefore, we will have minimal supply interruption of the existing production. At the same point in time, we will go ahead and get all in a high potential subsea tieback. Yes that cost more money initially, but the returns are higher and the production, consistency in growing from the business point of view is more consistent, so I would characterize it as the Gulf of Mexico, and fine-tuning our Gulf of Mexico model from a standpoint. As I said about a third of this CapEx is discretionary or timing on those types of things, so if we ended up with say $20 erosion and oil prices, we can make a lot of adjustments here over a single-year period, but the share over a two-year period to line things at and we are committed to. We have got a good margin business. We are committed to fine-tuning that, and while prices are high and demand worldwide, it's continuing to accelerate. We think that's a good opportunity for us to be aggressive with our development plans for our planning purpose, but we are positioned to always have a place change that if the market chose that.
Jim Flores: No, Joe, our Lomond North well, Highlander has the excellent comparable rocks through traditional South Louisiana production at any depth. To find it at 28,000 feet, 29,000 feet under this pressure is truly spectacular. So we are holding all hulas and so forth toward a production test this summer and we will show you what 20% of rocks can do. The other reservoirs that we found today have less ferocity but they were all set at a higher pressure that I talked about and they are going to be more challenging to produce. We have been very forthright with all investors and so forth. So we are trying to get to the core of this play. The exploratory drill that we have, eight points of control now and our wells, the latest well, this Lomond well is by far the best reservoir that we found to-date and that trend, I expect, to continue, now that we know what to look for and what to find but Lomond, by itself, will support the entire deep expectations of the play from what we see right now and also be a spectacular return for our royalty trust investors as well.
Jim Flores: There is no optimism here. There is nothing but realism, Joe, and its going to be what its going to be, from a standpoint. But just given the comparison towards what we found and how we are improving the operations, and this is what our shareholders pay us for, is to make sure they were always improving and moving the needle towards higher quality margins, higher quality reservoirs and this has been a quantum leap in this lower tertiary protection play then I think we will be surprise with the people as it unfolds with all the data and the production test this summer.
Jim Bob Moffett: Let me make a couple of comments. This is Jim Bob. Talking about these negotiation with the government. As Richard said, we have got a democratic country. You have the parliament. You have the ministers. You have the president. This announcement we have just made, when I read that and say, we could be (inaudible) billions in taxes. We are interested in getting billions in taxes. The only solution is working smoothly with everybody involved with the smelter. What Richard is saying and what we are all thinking, we just have to look at the most practical. When you talk about why we are taking the 21 to 31, 31 to 41, the reason why that came up is because we would be spending $15 billion underground. Those things spending $15 billion underground without planning for the years that we have to have production and shareholders back. But just look at it this way, right now the parliament, just because of this announcement was just (inaudible) on Monday, they don't have the regulation. They understand the deal, a bit like our congress, honestly like Obama's healthcare. So there is a lot of questions being answered and they perceive these pieces of paper that they haven't even read yet because this was just announced on Monday. So that's why we are trying to be patient and let everybody have a chance to read the darn thing. The people who make stupid decisions, our callers wouldn't shutdown the United States government in that time. They wouldn't dare do that, would they? So just be patient with this. I bet over there it is 1984 and this isn't the first contract and that we are in lots of times we had to sit and wait for people to have a chance to understand things. So there is a resolution here and we have got the best copper mine in the world or mines in the world. We know how to build this project. So (inaudible) and in the new year. The questions that you are asking are important but the answer is, since we just got this thing on Monday, let's not make an ObamaCare out of this thing. Just let everybody understand it and then we figure out what to do and will they.
Jim Bob Moffett: Well, from a gas standpoint gas condensate, but if you are talking about 20 barrels per (Inaudible) that will get you pretty close when we have talked about LLS prices as the volume we are talking about. You can get some pretty high margins there. That's kind of traditional gas condensate margins, you are seeing, in the Permian sand and central Oklahoma area and also north Louisiana, when you are talking about condensate-rich play, but you are talking about higher 50-plus million a day wells, you are talking about high volumes and great returns for our shareholders.
Jim Bob Moffett: We first started and definitely because of the acceleration of a recompletion and higher price reserves at this point in time we are going to keep it going forward.
Jim Bob Moffett: I have few comments on exploration. It's Jim Bob. We hear of some of these increases in our CapEx because we have more opportunities that we have been seeing over deepwater (inaudible) that we acquired. A lot of work has been done on those deepwater platforms. The substrate has not been explored. It hadn't even focused on it. So we are finding prospects on those deepwater platforms that are out there. And the prospects that we see as a result of this will cause cost inflation. Opens up to whole (inaudible), and it won't change the impact to the Lomond well. The Lomond well has been drilled onshore between the Tuscaloosa trend and Baton Rouge and we have wells to drill on the coast. The entire 100 mile square area (inaudible). And when you think about our exploration, in the minerals business, our exploration is all brown field because we have got big ore bodies that have not been drilled and as part of the deal. So when you look at that and we have a few green field (inaudible), intercepts. So our story is so big, based on current production but remember, we have a big production and we also have a big growth story and as we have the best prospects in the minerals business. The best place to find ore is underneath. They are the best cost base in deepwater, the best site to find ore, gas, oil and gas, and that's becoming true. The Lomond well, had (Inaudible) recent trend is right to understand that we saw in deepwater. We are able to (Inaudible) getting started, so that's why I wanted to comment on the flexible grade, but our exploration is doing well. Thank you.
