Kathleen Quirk: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Our results were released earlier this morning and a copy of the press release and slides for today's call are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on the call includes forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. On the call today are Richard Adkerson, our Chief Executive Officer; Red Conger is here; Mark Johnson is on the line; and Mike Kendrick is also here. I'll start by briefly summarizing our financial results, and then we'll turn the call over to Richard, who will be reviewing our recent performance and outlook using the prepared slide presentation materials that are on our website. As usual, after our prepared remarks, we'll open up the call for questions. Today, FCX reported net income attributable to common stock of $31 million, or $0.02 a share in the first quarter of 2019. After adjusting for net charges of $36 million, or $0.03 a share which are detailed on page -- roman numeral VI of the press release, adjusted net income attributable to common stock totaled $67 million or $0.05 per share in the first quarter of 2019. Our adjusted earnings before interest taxes and depreciation for the first quarter totaled $778 million. A reconciliation of our adjusted EBITDA calculation is available on page 28 of our slide deck. Our sales for the first quarter totaled 784 million pounds of copper, 242,000 ounces of gold and 22 million pounds of molybdenum. As expected our sales volumes were lower than the year ago quarter associated -- primarily associated with the transition at the Grasberg mine in Indonesia. Our copper and gold sales were approximately 5% lower than the January 2019 sales estimates of 825 million pounds and 255,000 ounces of gold. This reflects the weather impacts at the events that we had at El Abra during the quarter, which normal operations have now been restored, unscheduled maintenance at one of our North American sites and the timing of some shipments from Indonesia. Our quarterly average realized price for the first quarter was $2.90 per pound. That was slightly below last year's first quarter average price of $3.11 per pound. And our gold realized price of $1291 per ounce was slightly below last year's first quarter of $1312 per ounce. Our consolidated average net unit cash cost net of byproduct credits was $1.78 per pound in the first quarter of 2019. As anticipated the unit net cash costs were higher than the first quarter of 2018 average of $0.98 per pound and that primarily reflected the lower sales volume from Indonesia. We generated operating cash flows of $534 million in the first quarter and we funded capital expenditures including capital expenditures associated with our underground development and with the Lone Star development totaling $622 million. During March, we redeemed all of our outstanding notes due 2020. That was $1 billion in debt redemption during March. We ended the quarter with $2.8 billion in consolidated cash and $9.9 billion in consolidated debt. We had no borrowings and $3.5 billion available under our revolving credit facility. I'll now turn the call over to the Richard, who will be referring to our slide presentation materials.
Kathleen Quirk: We've got -- Chris this is Kathleen. We've got some -- just in our shipping schedule, we've got some concentrate inventory build at Grasberg planned during the second quarter. Potentially, those could move into the second quarter from the third quarter. But at this point in time, our shipping schedule shows that we've got some concentrate build during the quarter. So, it's really more of a shipment timing as opposed to anything else.
Kathleen Quirk: It's a total amount per year, but it was set based on our plan that we submitted to the government last fall, last October/November timeframe. And we're actually -- it shows a quota that's much lower than it has been historically, because we're in this transition. And we actually believe that we're going to produce more than that quota this year. So, we'll be going in to get a revision. That's partially why our shipping schedule is planned the way it is to give us time to get that revision. It's not a big revision we're looking for in these numbers, but we do want to try to build some flexibility in there because as Richard mentioned, Mark and the team are looking at some trade-off studies as to whether we can get more out of the open pit this year. And so that's something that we'll be looking -- evaluating kind of week by week. So we do have some upside to the numbers we believe, but we'll need to get a revision to our export quota. And it's annual thing, but it was based on a plan submitted last year and now we have some opportunities to increase it.
Kathleen Quirk: Right now, we are doing the engineering, the front-end engineering work. We've contracted with a third-party to do that study for us. We're doing some ground improvement work at the site. And we are evaluating potential partner and financing plans for the smelter. We don't have a significant amount of capital to invest this year. It starts to increase next year. So we'd like to be able to have some sort of financing plan in place by the end of this year, but those discussions are ongoing.
Kathleen Quirk: We'll say just going back not just this quarter, but going back several quarters in North America you do see a trend of costs going up. And that really reflects the mining rate increases that we've done back in 2015 and 2016. We took mining rates way down to try to maximize cash flow during a tough time in the copper market. We've been ramping back up. Our mining rates and milling rates and that's had some impact on costs. As we look forward, we're really focused on bringing in efficiencies and containing cost and using technologies to arrest any increase in inflationary pressures, et cetera. So, we're really focused on this cost management, particularly in North America. We did have some diesel price increases and that's reflected in our updated guidance. The diesel price was up 10% 12% from our plan number. So we factor that into our new guidance and we factored in some of these issues which Richard was talking about in maintenance that we experienced in the first quarter. But this cost thing in productivity is really what we see being able to drive value in the U.S. because the more we can contain costs there the larger the resources. And that's why we're investing in these technologies to have lower cost better productivity and ultimately more value.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. I was going to say, the spend for this year and it's -- again, it's really ground improvement and continuing with the front-end engineering is less than $100 million. And as we get into 2020 and we don't have a specific number until the feed work is done, the front engineering is done. But we're estimating somewhere in the $500 million range next year. And as Richard said, we expect this to be funded out of PT-FI or with partners. And so, PT-FI would have a separate financing arrangement or a new project company would have a separate financing arrangement. So, as Richard said, we don't expect it to come from FCX.
Kathleen Quirk: If you look at the press release, Roman numeral VI, it shows that we did have a special item that was recorded in the -- an accrual that was recorded in the first quarter for our legacy costs. If you adjust for that number that -- the balance would be kind of a run rate. But we do have from time to time, this was a legacy item where we had an indemnification from an asset that Phelps Dodge had sold years and years ago and it met the cap. And so we had to accrue for it. But if you back that out, you'll see that on a run rate basis, that's where we'll be, except for these one-off items that we can't forecast.
Kathleen Quirk: Yeah. It's – what's in our plan is very close to that. So it's -- we've got a little bit more in the plan today. I think it's 40,000 tons of concentrate or something. It's not a huge amount. But we do want to get some flexibility for these things that Mark is referring to so. But just to meet our existing plan it's not a significant number.
Kathleen Quirk: And John, I know you know this, but as we're doing the oxide projects that really improves the value of the underlying sulfide resource, and we've got this great opportunity not only for the first initial project that we're completing next year, but additional expansion opportunities to the oxide and those are NPV positive projects and then just make those sulfides more valuable. So we're really, really, really excited about the resource there and again that could be a cornerstone asset for this company for years to come.
Kathleen Quirk: We're doing some value engineering to try to bring the capital cost down and at the same time moving the studies along for the U.S. projects, because what we're wanting to do at the end of the day is compare the economics and pluses and minuses of the various projects and rank them sequence them. So really we're aligned with our partner and taking this time really try to improve economics, while we look at these other options in the U.S., where we are doing work to try to develop concentrating facilities at a lower capital intensity than what's been done historically. So we're taking this time to improve economics, reduce capital intensity, and drive values, while we're ramping up Grasberg and watching this market situation.
A – Kathleen Quirk: Once we get to a certain level of construction progress on the smelter they fall to zero. And so we're expecting during that period of time that our export duties will fall away in Indonesia.
A – Kathleen Quirk: No that's actually just a rounding change. We had just a slight -- real slight change in gold output which rounded from 1.6 million ounces to 1.5 million ounces. So wasn't a -- and the same thing with the capital expenditures for this year. It was less than a $50 million change, but just because of the rounding it rounded up.
A – Kathleen Quirk: We do expect to see lower unit costs in 2019 -- I mean 2020 versus 2019 stepping down somewhat not getting to $1.30 like we talked about for 2021, but it will step down some during 2020.
A – Richard Adkerson: It's already started. We had a commitment to build the smelter with our December agreements. And with that agreement we're full. As I said I think at a conference we're full-throttle on the smelter development. We've got a site, we're working with engineers. We've met the initial targets that the government had set. So we are in progress with it right now. We didn't start it in earnest until we got the agreement with the government in December. So we had done some initial prep work, but now we're full-throttling into it.
A – Richard Adkerson: The answer is yes to both of those questions. We have a great relationship with Amman people. We've known them for a long time. We had discussions about doing something together and we still may. At the present time, they've concluded, they need to do something at Sumbawa. We looked at that decided it didn't work for us. So we're focused on East Resik and continue to talk with them about whether they might join us there. At the present time that's not the plan. And yes, we are talking with potential other international investors who might have an interest in the offtake.
A – Richard Adkerson: And I'll just say with having the new structural deal, with having this progress we're making on the underground advancement, Mark has been working with us and his team is really going to be focused on cost efficiencies at Grasberg and we think there's some opportunities there. We know there are opportunities there and we're going to find them.
Mark Johnson: Yes, Big Gossan was unchanged. We're still targeting ramping it up to 7,000 tons per day which is the nameplate. We'll get to that in the third quarter of this year. DOZ we had a slight reduction in what we saw. Based on our -- some of our recent experience on ramping up the automation systems, we had a peak of 43,000 tons a day that we've reduced to 37,000. We've had some real breakthroughs there. We're continuing to be optimistic on how we're applying the technology into DOZ. But we're being just a little bit more cautious on the out years.
Mark Johnson: Yes. And I think going back to what you initially started with Richard is, the ramp-up for each of these phases, GBC really is two block caves that share one set of infrastructure. Deep MLZ, as you mentioned, we have two phases that we'll be advancing at the same time. Both of them are based on actual ramp-ups that we experienced in the DOZ, as we ramp it up from 20,000 to 50,000 tons and it's very much driven by the undercutting rate and the amount of draw points that you can develop. And all of these, both the GBC and Deep MLZ, as we ramp them up, are following those empirical or historical experiences that we had. We are getting more efficient at both the undercutting and the draw point development. So we feel that we're well-positioned to ramp them up. The other thing, when you look on the volumes is just, particularly in the Deep MLZ, as we ramp up the tons, the -- we're really in the very sweet spot of the ore body. As we ramp up the tons in 2020 and 2021, copper grades are 1.65 to 1.7. So you're seeing not only an addition of tons, but the grade of those tons are quite high. GBC also is in very good grades as we ramp up in the initial years.
Mark Johnson: Yeah. That's true. It's very small scale mining. We're doing 30,000 to 35,000 tons a day in this extension of the pit. As you mentioned, we're taking the ramps that were left in the final pit that were 40 meters wide and we're narrowing those. Those ramps are all in good grade ore, so it's a relatively small scale boutique-type mining that extends the life of the pit. The one thing that we're managing and we have excellent monitoring capabilities is as the cave develops at some point we're going to see some reflection of the cave activity in the high wall of the pit. And that is what will drive us away from this continued ramp removal. If it were not for the block cave underneath, we could do this conceivably into the early part of 2020. Our best estimate is, is that and what we've reflected in the forecast is the ramp removal will end in June. We've got plans that, if the monitoring shows that it's safe to continue we would continue that on a month-by-month basis beyond as long as the monitoring allows us. We don't intend to slow down the block cave development to try to maximize the potential from the pit. The value is truly in the block cave longer-term, that's our focus. The open pit mining is an auxiliary opportunity during the interim.
Mark Johnson: No. The one about the mill it was just as you said we're in this very deep steep valley of the mill. Facilities are tucked at the bottom of it. We had a natural event. It was about 900 meters above our north-south mill and very small amount of material, but it came down unexpectedly. It's very difficult to predict these natural events. They came down, we were fortunate that it buried the road near our stockpile. We've been continuing to manage that over the last month or so. It hasn't shown any activity. We built some barriers around any of the areas that we have people working below and continue to assess the situation.
Richard Adkerson: Well, it's those steps that allow us to meet this plan. So, it's -- what we've done is we began this process and are now seeing good positive results for it and we're continuing. We had one issue that had some maintenance problems with it and so we bought a new unit to bring it onstream. And so all of this is what goes in to enable us to meet the plan. And the report today is that as we stand here it's working as we had hoped. Now for us to achieve the plan we have to continue having that progress day-by-day and we're very encouraged about it. So, there's not anything that I would describe as cushion but it's what's gone in to enable us to present this plan and that's our expectation. We have confidence but we recognize we're in a show-me time so we've got to we show ourselves show the world that we can achieve this plan. The really good news is we've had a good first quarter starting this year off in doing just that. I don't know if that answers your question or if anything is in specific Mark can address but--
Richard Adkerson: Well we're very comfortable with really where our balance sheet is today. You look at what's happened with our bond trading and our relationships with our banks and so forth. So we don't feel any pressure to further reduce our debt. We will if copper prices stay reasonably strong if they strengthen as some expect we'll have cash available to further reduce our debt and we'll do that. But that's just a use of cash as opposed to feeling any pressure to do it. We like these resources for our own company's opportunities to create value. We have a partner at our El Abra mine. Codelco is a 49% partner at El Abra in Chile. We own 100% of a number of our properties here in the U.S. One of the great things about our company is we don't face income taxes on production in the U.S. for a very, very long time. The combination of a tax loss carryforward from an oil and gas deal and the new U.S. tax regime. And so that when you think about having development opportunities with zero tax and you look internationally and you've got significant taxes wherever you look that's a real opportunity for us. So, I -- from time-to-time, we approached people about who want to do something if it makes sense for us we'll do it. But so far we haven't reached that conclusion. We'll have an open mind but there's no pressure to do anything. We're very comfortable with our balance sheet.
Richard Adkerson: And as a practical matter, we kind of wanted to see how this analysis goes about what we might be able to achieve. And the presidential election was just held in Indonesia and we didn't want to make any new filings until after that. So that's one of the -- part of the reasons of why we haven't acted yet to adjust the plan for the very positive news that we're having about having increased production.
Richard Adkerson: Yeah. Not of the latter, Dave. I mean, you look at the production number versus the sales number points to the smelter issue and it was really -- it was an unexpected event but it occurred right before we were going to have a shutdown -- a turnaround shutdown in any event. But we were down and so we just were producing things as expected, but we couldn't sell it because of this issue at the smelter. As you know these smelters are complicated assets and around the world you're seeing things like this. So this was not -- nothing to do, the ore -- the grades are there. We're improving in operations. We had 10, 15, 16 we had really scaled back maintenance capital as we talked about in earlier calls, really stretched our team. We've rebuilt that now. We've added to volumes in North America, South America's really going very well. So the thing you saw was that we did have a -- and it didn't have a major effect, but we had some maintenance issues that we had at our Chino mine in New Mexico which is -- it is an older mine. You go back five years ago, we didn't think Chino would be around. Now we've done some drilling and we may have a major expansion project there in our future, but our concentrator there was down 15 days. You'll have these things all along. You see in mines, but fundamentally our Americas operations are -- grades, the models are holding up. The team's getting better more efficient. And that shows up in our production numbers and the sales thing was a one-off deal because of the smelter issue.
Richard Adkerson: One thing I want to make sure when we say Freeport, we're talking about the smelter being funded by PT-FI. Our current plan and you could conceive of a joint venture scenario, but we don't anticipate equity capital requirements out of FCX for the smelter. It'll be spread over a number of years as a PT-FI investment and we're a shareholder in PT-FI as is INALUM and so that's where the funding for this will go. If it's totally debt financed, as is likely to be the case that would result in incremental consolidated debt out of -- for FCX. But the cash requirements all would come out of PT-FI and it's all folded in to our December agreement with the government. So go ahead Kathleen.
Richard Adkerson: And this is just like our mine plans. We review all of these legacy liability issues and our reclamation activities every quarter. We have a separate team with outside experts that's involved with that. And so they will, like mine plans, get adjusted as new conditions come into place. I will say that going into the Phelps Dodge deals 12 years ago, that was a huge concern for us. People wanted us to do an unfriendly deal. We decided not to, until we can do some due diligence on it. And over the 12 years, we've managed those costs to be less than in aggregate than what we anticipated. But it's a constant fight and issues come up all the time that we have to deal with. It's a major part of our business. So it's a reasonable question for you to ask.
Richard Adkerson: It's a use of cash. I mean, as we look forward with the strategy of not committing new capital now, if we have a scenario, which many people think reasonable where we have a good copper market two years out from now and we're ramping up production at Grasberg you see just how much our cash flows would increase with success in that ramp up. Even if we decide to sanction a new project after that time, and I say after that time any new project's going to take a number of years to invest in. And so in that scenario, we would have substantial excess cash for our company as we've had in years past. And we would look to further reduce our debt and then make decisions about where to set an appropriate long-term dividend. And if there's additional cash behind that, we have paid special dividends in the past or buy stock back. But it's the use of cash Oscar rather than have a planned strategy going into it. It's going to be based on the circumstances that we face in.
Richard Adkerson: John you never -- we worked 30 years together and the last thing I would do is expect you not to think out of the box. So that's – no, I appreciate your question and I understand your thought about it. So let me see. Going back to the first thing is…
Richard Adkerson: Yeah, we are drilling it out. We have been drilling it out and we've upped our budget for drilling this past year. We're spending about $8 million a quarter. We are directing resources there away from some other greenfield efforts that we had and other things and we expect that we will have a good understanding of this ore body by early next year. And it's a question of drilling it out, developing high level models of what the -- going through that whole process that you're so familiar with I suppose and then doing metallurgical test work to see what's there. And so far you've see the grades, you've see what we've seen so far and it just keeps expanding in terms of its breadth and depth. And that's why we see it. And it's right there in the backyard of our total operation. I don't think it makes sense to take Lone Star itself out. We'll take on board this whole idea, but there's just these huge benefits of having this America's operations as a single business. And as I look what other companies go through in terms of dealing with joint venture operations and issues related to safety and all the things that go into it, I don't know if I should expect, I don't expect people just from a pure investment logic standpoint to understand just what a massive synergy that is for our company and what it is. So we're going to as I said focus on doing what we're doing the next two years. There'll be strategic opportunities for us to look at it in the long run but not now. And because we still you hear from the questions skepticism about our ability to upgrade. We're very confident, but I appreciate we're in a show me mode. So we need to get Grasberg in a position of where it's once again like it was when you said. I still remember, George Putnam died this past quarter. He was our Director when I first joined the company in 1989 that when we first saw what Grasberg was and we were making decisions. As you said we focused on that. We did. We shutdown everything, sold all these assets. That was a good year at my job when we first joined the company. It was the first three, four years we're selling assets all over the world. And George said, play the card that's dealt you. He said that at one of my first Freeport Board memories and that was Grasberg was dealt to us. We made a decision. This was a company that five, six years earlier it passed on Escondido and let Rio Tinto vibe because of political risk in Chile. Anyway Kathleen's telling me to go on. Those are all war stories. So we understand what you're saying. We're going to have a broad mind about what we do with this company but for two years we're going to have a focused mine. We're going to do what we just laid out we're doing.
Richard Adkerson: And I'll throw out a commercial. If you want to -- if you have any interest in the history of what's happened to Freeport and where we've gotten to I'm speaking to the Melbourne Mining Club in London at its meeting on June 20. So we're going to have a full discussion of how we got to where we are.
Richard Adkerson: Like Cerro Verde was, like all these other mines that are other companies in the industry too. They got to move overburden to get to the ore and it's just fortunate this overburden is leachable and now it's profitable.
Richard Adkerson: It's expanding, yeah, and you know and we could -- we can make investments in facilities to shorten the life of the oxide ore. Right now it's designed to use the facilities at Safford, which are available. But as we go through this process of understanding this sulfide ore, so understanding more about the oxide ore. So what we could do is scenario here, where the scenario if oxide ore does expand, build some new facilities, mine it out quicker shorten its life, get to the sulfide earlier.
Richard Adkerson: Or 500 million pounds for a shorter period of time. And during that time, you could then invest in the sulfide infrastructure and so forth at the same time. So it'd be a concerted project because this would be a major sulfide mine in how long Cerro Verde took us to red to…
Richard Adkerson: All I'll say is think about a company with that kind of core asset. Here we've got Morenci, Cerro Verde, Grasberg. They're not mines like this. I mean you look at the biggest mines in the world and now people have got things going on now there that are different, but the top 10, 12 mines in the world, Grasberg's the youngest. And to be able to take a company like ours and plug in that asset in that neighborhood with that kind of ore with what we're good at that's a huge deal.
Richard Adkerson: 40-plus percent taxes in Indonesia and damn near that much in Chile. Zero tax. That's a lot of money.
Richard Adkerson: All of that comes in. It's a district. I mean, this is not just, I don't know it's exciting. I know people are worried about China and this two-year transition. We should take a longer-term view of this company, and we really, we really have some great assets.
Richard Adkerson: So I can see a range of scenarios between what you just said, but you start out with a base of saying, despite we're seeing this time last year everything was rosy. It changed in the summer with the trade war stuff and then everybody started raising questions about China. Now China is taking steps to use its tremendous financial resources to stimulate its economy to offset the weakening consumer export business. They're investing in infrastructure in the country. They're revamping the one belt one road thing, and that's good for resources. So -- but there's all these questions about what's going on globally. Economically, the political situations complicated everywhere around the world. And so everybody's stepping back and thinking about how that's going to unfold? And you've got, I guess, I've lived through maybe three generations of CEOs in this industry, and you've got history of companies that have been on the burden of making bad investment decisions or strategic decisions, so you've got a structure of where boards and managements are understandably conservative about what they're going to do, that's all going to be good for the outlook for the commodity. And then just the resources are very limited. And so I really think this two years from now where we're going to be and I'm really looking forward to being there as I'm happy to be where I am now, but two years from now things are going to be better. We're going to be in a position to generate a lot of cash, and I'd love to return cash to shareholders. That was a lot of fun and get back to that as we look for chances to invest. And it's kind of like history repeating itself. That's where we were beginning 2010 going in 2011. And so I think it's going to be a time of generating cash, really getting the balance sheet strong. I was happy with zero debt, and -- but be real disciplined about it the way we would approach to allocating capital. We've got some great projects. There's trade-offs that build in the lot of factors, and it's not just looking at the resource and grades, but the required capital, the tax structure, the energy cost, features and then the water accessibility and cost. All of the things will come into play. So I think where you see will be in a scenario with reasonable commodity markets success and execution in the last two years of generating cash, reducing debt, returning cash to shareholders to disciplined growth.
Richard Adkerson: Well, let me set the stage. And then Mark's here to talk about it. So we had a real tragic accident in our overflow delivery system at Grasberg and this was a real heartbreaker for all of us, because we have a -- as part of that system we've had ore passes that we've used now for over 20 years where the ore is mined, crushed, conveyed to ore passes at the Grasberg mine level -- operations level. And it goes to these ore passes 600 feet, where it's dropped and to the mill...
Richard Adkerson: Yes, and Mark makes a good point. It was a natural event, unrelated to mining. That mill has been there since 1972. It's been expanded massively over time. I don't know if it still is but back when I was managing insurance, it was the largest single site insurance risk and we haven't had any major -- with operations now for 40 years, we haven't had a major catastrophic event in any fashion there and this is certainly far from that.
Richard Adkerson: So M&A is coming in the base metals business. Companies are large with great balance sheets. Every company's got its own story, so there's issues that might be barriers to it. But when you have a situation of limited resources and great assets and scarcity of assets. I think it's just inevitable that things will happen. Defenses, we don't have any extraordinary defenses. We're going to take actions to make sure our shareholders are well represented. We don't think now is the time to consider things like that and I will tell you my judgment is. It's not likely to be an immediate issue because of the circumstances of the industry. But the facts are as you can't predict M&A and I mean we're a great example of that. We were a company that had very limited access to capital and then Phelps Dodge presented itself we had action and things happened. So it's going to be driven more by circumstances and opportunities and not something that you can totally plan in for.
Richard Adkerson: Thank you very much I appreciate that. Appreciate everybody's being on the call and we look forward to reporting you on our progress as we go forward and to the rest of this year. Thanks everybody.
Chris Mancini: Hi, everybody. Just so quick on Lone Star again. So the concept is that you don't necessarily have to strip all of the -- mine all of the oxides before you get to the sulfides.
Chris Mancini: All right. Okay. But the first step would be we would see an expansion of the sulfides and the capital needed for that more…
Chris Mancini: Sorry, right, right expansion of the oxides. Okay, guys. Okay, thanks. And then quickly just on El Abra so what…
Chris Mancini: And then – yeah, and also as you expand the oxide you should be able to get benefits from economies of scale at Lone Star. So the unit cost should decline, so yeah that's a huge…
Chris Mancini: Yes. It's fantastic. Okay, great. And then on the El Abra expansion, what are you waiting for there in terms of committing to doing that? Do you need to do more engineering or is it an issue with your partner Codelco needing to…
Matt Key: Good afternoon everyone. Matt Key here asking a question for Lucas. Just a there's been some reports about two landslides during the quarter. And I wanted to ask you if you maybe be able to provide a little bit more background on that. Thank you.
Matt Key: Got it. Thank you for that detailed response. And just one more for me if I could squeeze it in. We've seen a lot of large M&A take place this year in the mine space albeit on the pressure side with one included an unsolicited offer. Do you...
Matt Key: Do you have a view on M&A kind of in base metals and do you consider an additional defenses given your current valuation in the market? Thank you.
