Kathleen Quirk: Thank you and good morning, and welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Our results were released earlier this morning and a copy of the press release and slides for today’s call are available on our website. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet. Anyone may listen to the conference call by accessing our website homepage at fcx.com and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today’s call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we’d like to remind everyone that today’s press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. We’d like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. On the call today are Richard Adkerson, our Chief Executive Officer. We have also have Red Conger here, Mark Johnson, and Mike Kendrick. I’ll start by briefly summarizing the financial results and then turn the call over to Richard, who will be reviewing our performance and the slide presentation that included on our website. After the prepared remarks, we’ll open up the call for questions. Today, FCX reported net income attributable to common stock for the fourth quarter of 2017 of $1 billion, or $0.71 per share. The results include net gains of $291 million, or $0.20 per share, primarily related to tax benefits associated with U.S. tax reform totaling $393 million, partly offset by charges for adjustments to environmental obligations. The benefit from tax reform principally relates to the appeal of the AMT and a refund of our AMT credit carry-forward. After adjusting for these net charges, the fourth quarter 2017 adjusted net income attributable to common stock totaled $750 million, or $0.51 per share. For the year, our net income attributable to common stock totaled $1.8 billion, or $1.25 per share, compared to a net loss attributable to common stock of $4.2 billion, or $3.16 per share for the year 2016. For the fourth quarter of 2017, our adjusted earnings before interest taxes and depreciation and amortization or EBITDA totaled $2.1 billion and $6 billion for the full-year. A reconciliation of our EBITDA calculation is available in our slide materials on Page 37. For the fourth quarter, FCX totaled 1 billion pounds of copper, 593,000 ounces of gold, and 24 million pounds of molybdenum. And for the full-year, we sold 3.7 billion pounds of copper, 1.6 million ounces of gold, and 95 million pounds of molybdenum. Our fourth quarter average realized copper price of $3.21 per pound was 29% above the year-ago quarter average price of $2.48 per pound. Our average unit net cash costs for copper was $1.04 per pound for the fourth quarter of 2017 and averaged $1.20 per pound for the full-year and that compared to $1.26 per pound for the full-year of 2016. We generated strong operating cash flows in the fourth quarter totaling $1.7 billion, which exceeded our capital expenditures of $390 million. For the full-year, our operating cash flow totaled $4.7 billion and capital expenditures for $1.4 billion. We used our strong cash flows to improve our balance sheet. During the fourth quarter, we repaid $1.7 billion in debt and that include – included the early redemption of $617 million of senior notes due 2020 and open-market repurchases of $74 million of notes due in 2018. At the end of 2017, our consolidated cash was $4.4 billion and consolidated debt totaled $13.1 billion. Our debt net of cash of $8.7 billion at the end of 2017 was $3.1 billion less than at the start of the year and $11.4 billion less than the level two years ago. We ended the year with no borrowings under our bank credit facility and approximately 300 – $3.5 billion available. I would now like to turn the call over to Richard, who will be providing additional details on our results and our outlook.
Kathleen Quirk: What we do have in our capital plans just maintenance and replacement of trucks. We tend to do a lot of truck rebuilds ourselves with our dealers on part. So there’s in our sustaining capital a significant portion of that includes maintaining our equipment and replacing our equipment. We are seeing some past inflation. You can just watch the oil price and are seeing some cost inflation from oil-related prices. But our team is very focused on being very disciplined about spending money, both operating and capital and timing it in a way that that we’re not in a rush to get the equipment. We’ll do it in a smart way and be disciplined about, again, just trying to use what we have on hand and the new stuff that comes in just being disciplined about the timing of purchases of that equipment. But there is some cost inflation that’s coming through both on operating and capital.
Kathleen Quirk: As we look at the guidance going out for the Americas business, our numbers are relatively flat in terms of copper production that’s sustainable over several years.
Kathleen Quirk: And the Ore Flow project fits right into our strength in terms of the geographic footprint, where we’re already operating a lot of synergies of the Safford team with the Lone Star team. And one of the big things we look at in qualifying projects is the size of the resource and the life of the project. And just, because something has a high NPV, but if it has a short life, it’s not something that we are excited about disposing dollars to it’s more of multiples in NPV that you can get over a long period of time, so that’s really…
Kathleen Quirk: …something that excites us. And looking at a range of copper prices like the Lone Star just for the oxide had a break-even up to 40 with an 8% return, with a lot of exposure to higher prices, but also exposure to the big resource that Richard talked about earlier.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes, we are paying duties currently, export duties currently and those will face out once the smelter gets to a certain percentage, so post 2022 we have the new smelter completed in that timeframe, all of the concentrates will be treated domestically and there won’t be a need to export concentrates and there will be no duty, but we do have duties in our current guidance for 2018 and 2019.
Kathleen Quirk: You can see, we are paying roughly on the – just on the export volumes, we are paying roughly 5% currently and you can see in our – and I’ll let David to follow up on the exact numbers, but in our operating summary we paid $0.34 and that included royalties and export duties, so it will get you to breakout.
Kathleen Quirk: But the export duty, I guess in those export duty that’s in our numbers or for PT-FI is just under $200 million for 2018.
Kathleen Quirk: There is really no update from our fourth quarter release, I mean from our third quarter release. We are continuing to work with the government officials to – on a settlement that would waive penalties and interests associated with that dispute and those discussions are ongoing, but there is no updated at this time.
Kathleen Quirk: No, there really wasn’t anything. It was just the time period of five years that we will, incurred last quarter versus this quarter and the way the rounding fell. So no material differences in our plans.
Kathleen Quirk: In terms of absolute cost, we are not anticipating any significant changes on a unit basis, on a metal basis you know it will depend on the volumes and the grades that we’re mining, so in 2019 as we get into a lower year, we will have higher costs than what we had in 2018, but it is still very, very attractive on a unit basis although it’s cost mine in the company. So, as we go forward, we start to improve on the volumes after 2019 and the cost position goes down as a result on a metal basis per unit, but in terms of absolute costs, we are not expecting to have major changes in the absolute total costs of the operations.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, I think you know if you just look at our credit statistics and our balance sheet and cash flow generations, and really the portfolio of the assets that we have in the company I think our credit metric signals high ratings, but won’t continue to review these with the agencies as we go forward.
Richard Adkerson: It’s – at a stage of negotiation. So you don’t want to get ahead of those negotiations. It appears to be the desire parties to do that. So I would characterize as a most likely outcome.
Richard Adkerson: All right. Well, it’s complicated in that this joint venture agreement is relatively complicated, because under the agreement, which was signed in the mid-1990s, certain projects are designated as expansion projects and certain projects are designated as replacement capital. Rio Tinto placed 40% of the expansion projects and small amounts of the replacement capital projects, we’ve agreed to share other projects 50-50. So there’s not really an easy answer for that. But if you look from right now through 2022, when the conversion would be under the joint venture agreement to a straight 40%, after that, it’s a 40-60 joint venture sharing straight up. Their projected cash flows…
Richard Adkerson: These projects are very long-dated, Dave, I think, as you know. So we’re not likely to be spending significant amounts of capital on these projects in 2018 and 2019. We’re now building into our CapEx numbers this Lone Star project, which is a good project, but not huge. So with positive cash flows, my expectation was – is and we’re – this is a Board decision and we’re talking with the Board and this has emerged pretty quickly with the copper price coming back so quickly and so forth. But my expectations are that, we would be looking at our long-term tradition of returning cash to shareholders.
Richard Adkerson: And we’re going to be very disciplined about all these projects. They’re big, they’re low risk. But we’re – there’s still risk to the global economy as we all know and we’re going to keep our finger on it, see how it’s progressing, how China is doing, how the rest of the world is doing. And – but my expectation is, we’re going to be generating cash. And I believe, our Board will be predisposed to returning to shareholders when we can.
Richard Adkerson: Okay. So the answer to your first question is 2022 and sort of when in 2022 is at the margin could vary, but it’s going to be expected to be then. And our net cash costs at $1,300 go and current levels of production is going to be in the neighborhood of…
Richard Adkerson: New haul truck – last new haul truck we bought was 2008. So we’re having great experience with this rebuild program. We’re working on extending tire lives. I mean, it’s a constant deal. We need as a senior management team with our mine operators the week before our earnings call. And this relentless effort these people have to try to find ways of offsetting cost increases with efficiency gains is really remarkable. I mean, we use a lot of diesel, but power for many of our operations comes from not from petroleum. And so, anyway, we’re going to offset a good bit of that. But it’s going to be a factor for the industry. I mean, we – lots of years we’ve been Caterpillars biggest customer. I had a chance to glance over their earnings release early this morning. So I mean, you can just see what’s going on that and labor issues will be an issue. And one of the things in terms of the industry is next year, there’s a lot of labor contracts coming up in this year, I keep saying next year, 2018. Thanks, Red. This year, there are a lot of labor contracts in Chile and Peru coming up. And you can expect those negotiations to be challenging, it could be supportive from a supply standpoint. So Codelco has a real challenge in maintaining production. All these things are challenges for the industry, but they’re supportive of supply.
Richard Adkerson: Let’s go ahead and answer as you raised them. So one thing and those of you who are veterans of this know this. There are lots of things that come out in the Indonesian press that are comments about people either in government or in business who are not directly involved in the process. So be cautious in overreacting to things that you might see that are said. Now, we have not had a negotiation involving an exchange of values and so forth with the government of Indonesia on divestment values. What we have agreed to is a recognition that the standard for those negotiations would be as they are in all of the negotiations that we have standards related to way resources are valued in global markets. So this idea of limiting the valuation to 2021, when our primary term of our contract ends. Our saying, you don’t take into account reserves and so forth. All of those things are not part of the discussion any longer. The government has appointed internationally known financial advisors to work with them in this process, and they are being engaged and it’s being additive to the process. So while we have not negotiated value now, this issue with our joint venture partner really changes what the divestment obligation from Freeport would otherwise be. And so that negotiation is of much less significance to us than it would be if we were having to divest 51% of PT-FI. So all of that’s in play. All of us had hoped that this would progress more by the end of 2017. But the government concluded they needed to go through a due diligence process and we’re working very cooperatively with the government and its advisors on that process right now. So while I can’t say that there has been this give-and-take or specifics on values, I do feel comfortable that the values that will be negotiated will be reasonable.
Richard Adkerson: Over several years. I mean, we’re brining – it’s not a big numbers, but we’re brining up Cerro mine and with higher moly prices. Its cost cost structure is attractive. And then I pointed out in El Abra, we are – where we curtailed production. We curtailed production in both of those operations when prices drop low. We’re building those back up and then coming into play. Over time will be this Lone Star Project, which has cost structure that’s right in the neighborhood of our current level of cost structures, so.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. Now that is not a certain percent that varies because of this metal strip concept that was part of their original contract. But what I’m saying is that, we have an understanding that we will maintain the economics for Freeport that’s embedded in the current joint venture structure.
Richard Adkerson: And there are structures that that might change how that’s done. But we reviewed that. We had very good discussions with the Indonesian, explained it to them, explained how important it is to us, because we’ve worked all this time to take – to benefit from this period. And so they understand it and we have an understanding that our participation will not be diminished in the event of their acquisition of the Rio Tinto interest.
Richard Adkerson: Well, it was a much easier decision. Let me just say with Lone Star then the next decisions will be. And that’s because we had this unused underutilized processing facilities at the Safford mine that was nearby. So we didn’t have to invest in a new SX/EW facility and so forth. So it was a pretty straightforward deal. I mean, this is near surface oxide material. You just need to determine how you mine it, how you transport it to the facilities. The rates returned very attractive. And it had the added benefit, as I said, of then exposing the sulfide or which would give us an option for future development of that. Around the world today, a lot of the newer deposits tend – most of the significant oxide projects have been developed. And so you’re looking at sulfide deposits and frequently you’re faced with a very large expense of stripping those to have that opportunity here. Our stripping is going to generate positive return for us. It’s going to add volumes, attractive cost and serve for the stripping thing. So it was an easier decision. In looking at projects in general, we don’t focus on any particular price. Now reserves are based on a $2 price. We talk about changing it. But that’s kind of a regulatory disclosure issue and there’s no sense in going through a huge internal exercise of raising the copper price $2.25 to $2.50. I mean, but when we come down to really thinking about investing in an El Abra, in a Lone Star sulfide or Bagdad sulfide or the next step at Morenci. We look at an array of prices and not just how that fits in with that project, but how it fits in with our overall portfolio. So that we think how would we manage this if things got tougher after we’ve spent the capital. Can we deal with it? And then we won’t – we have a positive long-term view of copper, so we want to take advantage of this. And so we have the optionality of having these big projects to participate in the long run. So it’s – I’m kind of like that add for the insurance company, the farmer’s insurance company. I know a thing or two, because I’ve seen a thing or two. And the – my experience has been, when companies get too formula-driven about hurdle rates and prices and things like that, there’s another saying, I have around here is figures don’t lie, but liars figure. And so, if you get too structured like that, people are going to play the games with you sometimes not intentionally, they come up with something that meets those formulas. So we go away from formulas. We work together. What I love about our team is, we’re not negotiating between operators and corporate. Kathleen works with her team hand in hand with these –with our team, as we’re working and looking at this. And then we think about, okay, if we expose this capital, what risk are taken for the company going forward? How does it fit in with the rest of our assets? That’s why we felt so good about the Tenke project. It was how risk, high return deal, when nobody else was going into the Congo. We didn’t give any value to it when we bought Phelps Dodge. I wish, we still own it, but we did get almost $3 billion of value created. During – we started this in early 2008. So given the financial crisis and what’s out with commodity prices, it was a good deal. But we recognize, it was a very high risk because of the political situation, the nature of the ore body and the mineralization, which was different than others. But – so that is much more of a…
Richard Adkerson: Yes. Well, Mike, I want to be clear about this. In some ways, I’d like to just say, we’re working on this and defer comments, but I know, we’re just not in a position to do that. We’re not in a position to do it with people who follow us and our shareholders, and the Indonesian government has to respond to the – they have to respond to their parliament. So we all have constituencies that we have to talk about these things when things aren’t finally complete. I’ve tried to use the word understandings, because while we did agree on a framework, we don’t have formal agreements with the government yet. And there are still issues under discussion and we’ve been very clear on our position. We believe we have gained the degree of understanding from the government. But there are different views within the government’s team, the government itself. So this issue of control is one that’s very important to us just because of the factors that I mentioned earlier, the nature of the project, and the importance of having a disciplined investment in this underground. If you – without having a disciplined approach to the underground investment, the value of this asset dissipates. I mean, because this is – as you know well, Mike, when you’re dealing with these big projects and particularly Block Cave projects, you have to follow a plan and stick to it and deal with the long-term. So that’s one thing that – the main thing that we’re saying is, we have to be able to sustain that approach to investing and running this business. It is unusual, but not – but there are other limited cases of where investors own more than 50% of an asset economically and control is transferred to a minority owner. That’s complicated, and all of that hasn’t been worked out yet. But that – so I don’t want to say that, we have a formal agreement with the government on that. And again, you’ll see comments on that in the press that talk about that. We are committed to have a very successful partnership with the government, with their state-owned company. We’ve pointed to them what good partners Freeport has been in all of our operations, whether it’s our multi-project partnership with Sumitomo, with our partnership with Lundin that we had in the Congo, with the various partners we have in Cero Verde, with a partnership with Codelco in Chile. I mean, we do a lot of work with Rio Tinto. We’ve had an excellent partnership with Rio Tinto. And the government really recognizes our operating capabilities and the need to have us to continue. So there’s no question about that. It’s this issue of how we work together in developing corporate policies and capital allocation, financial policy, purchasing policies, environmental, all those things that are so important to success in the operations. So, Mike, that will be part of the final agreement, and that’s where we stand right now and that’s what our position is.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, that’s – we’ve had – we have had good discussions. We spent time explaining this and so forth. So that the acquisition of Rio Tinto interest would not change our economics. Now, in the framework for reaching the long-term agreement, we have said that, we would agree that the government’s financial benefits from the project will increase. These things may be reshuffled and reorganized in certain ways. But at the end of day, there would be – the government will be able to say to the people of Indonesia, they’ve negotiated a larger participation. And that larger participation would come through the fact that we are paying higher royalties than under the cap. And in fact, we’ve already been paying these high royalties since mid-2014. But the royalties would be, they use the term more than we do, but the royalties would be nailed down. In other words, we’ll agree on the royalties today and that would be the royalties for the remainder of the project. We agree on tax elements now and we made a lot of progress in defining them. We agree on local taxes and fees, all that would be nailed down.
Richard Adkerson: No. Well, so Mike, you were fading out. So I don’t cover your question. Come back and ask me to fill in. So the way that our tax situation has been structured, I mean, we’re – FCX is a U.S. company then we operate in these countries where we have mines through entities in those countries. And those entities are subject to taxes and royalties in those countries. Then, under the previous tax law you would consolidate all of that into a U.S. company and you’d have a consolidated tax calculation, but you would get foreign tax credits for taxes that you pay internationally. And then, and so, and there was limitations on that, there was this alternative minimum tax calculation that would come into play, but then you would calculate a U.S. tax on the base of that consolidated results. Now to the new tax laws, they’ve gone to a territorial system and so now the, in large part the U.S. taxes will be based on the taxes for the income you generate within the U.S., the U.S. And within the U.S. we have a very large loss carry forward. We also have the benefit of percentage depletion which was left in the law and the AMT was repealed. So, we will have no taxes for as far as you can see in the U.S. We will continue to pay the taxes in these individual countries based on their own tax laws and our stabilization agreements and so forth.
Richard Adkerson: Lucas, you may understand this, but just to be clear for everybody, roughly 40% of our production at Grasberg is processed at the PT smelting facility at Gresik that we built in the mid-90s in partnership with Mitsubishi and other Japanese investors. There is no export duty on that. It’s only own exports. And in your question you were talking about royalties and export fees, I mean we do have a royalty that’s assessed on all of the production, it’s unrelated to exports and then there is, we call it an export duty which has been the item of controversy that we’ve had over the last three and half years.
Richard Adkerson: Sure. And Michael, you’re talk about milestones. I have two personal milestones, I’ll share with you.
Richard Adkerson: One is, when we start paying dividend – when Freeport starts paying a dividend again; and two is, when I can take a group of analysts and shareholders back out to Grasberg to see the place. This underground mine, Mike, I can’t tell you if you remember a trip we had a number of years ago out there, but this underground mine is really spectacular. I mean, it is not like anything you would think of as an underground mine. But it’s like a major manufacturing facility to see. And so anyway, I just – Michael, I just want to say, but okay…
Richard Adkerson: Yes. So what – actually, given the authority that the President has given to these ministers, reach an agreement is the key and documenting of things we’ve already worked on. I mean, we’ve gotten the form of the IUPK, where we’re working on. There’s an attachment. There’s – coming up with the structure to assure us that it can’t be changed by future laws and regulations. So there’s not going to be, this is something that the government is authorized to do under current laws. So it will not require changes to their laws or the involvement in the parliament in changing laws. The parliament will be informed and involved from that standpoint. But once the agreement is reached, the process of getting it documented is, it will be straightforward and not time consuming.
Richard Adkerson: No, the timeframe or the first-half, which is – has really been set more by the government is to allow for that due diligence. So, we had all hoped to have more formal agreements reached by the end of the year. But there was a decision that having the need for this due diligence and that’s why the target of midyear has been put in place to allow for that due diligence.
Richard Adkerson: All right. Well, thank you, Novid. The – you tell me what global growth is going to be. You tell me what China’s going to be, because my view is the supply side of this subject to the uncertainty about disruptions, which could only be supportive of supply. They’re not going to add supply, but they could take it away, is pretty clear cut at this point. Surprises will be on the negative side. You’re not going to see somebody say in the near-term, we’ve got significant amounts of new production that nobody knew about. People will work to – at the margin increase production, but it’s just going to be at the margin. And you know, you look at the long-term projects that are out there, whether they’re – whether it’s resolution Olympic dam, our big projects that we’re talking about El Abra and others, there’ll be more copper coming out of Africa, I believe, based on our experience there. But that’s going to unfold over a number of years because of the nature of the mineralization and how it has to be mined. You look at the experience of Oyu Tolgoi, it’s a great resource, great ore body. But the number of years that it’s taken to ramp up and the continuing issues they face with border crossings and power and the government. I mean, that’s just fundamental to all these big projects. So I think, you can your arms around supply outlook relatively easy. And then you plug in your own view about what you think the global economy is going to do. I just went back to Houston this week to give a luncheon address, not to a mining group, but to a general business group. And of course, it took me back after living in Houston for so long. And back in my earlier career one of my first clients was Mitchell Energy, which kind of kicked off the shale industry in the mid-1980. In the oil and gas, people were asking me, is there anything like share for the copper business? Because nobody expected the U.S. to bypass Saudi Arabia and Russia and to produce 12 million barrels of oil a day. I mean, back in the 1980’s, we were thinking of importing 75% of the oil production dropping to 4 million barrels. But the great thing about copper and you take it with a grain of salt, because my feelings on this, which have been the same basically since of I became CEO in 2003 is, its uses are just built into the economy in such a way that it’s really hard to replace for its basic usage, you can do it for plumbing and things like that. But when you look at the way the world’s going with the electrical – electronics everybody talks about electric vehicles and that could be a big deal. Alternative energy development could be a big deal. But just how much electronics are increasingly built into our lives, whether it’s communications or control systems, power delivery systems, the development of the world for basic things like refrigerators and air conditioners, maybe I shouldn’t say washing machines. But in any event, it’s just a commodity, I think, that is so well situated for how cheesed in the economy. And – but – so you’re subject to the risk of the economy of China on the global economy. But supply side, there’s no shale copper coming on stream. People are talking about mining in the ocean or on asteroids and things like that. But we should – we’re just seeing in terms of basic production, the new projects are a major less quality than the old projects were. They have much lower grades. You have to do a lot more stripping, building infrastructure, getting water, getting power, all of these things make the supply side of copper, I think, extraordinary well supported. I tell people today, we can increase price of copper to $6 a pound overnight, and we have what I just show 300 billion pounds of undeveloped copper resources. We could not bring them on stream to five to 10 years from now, even with $6 copper. So it’s a great commodity and that’s why I like where our company is so on.
Richard Adkerson: Okay. So we signed a new labor contract in December, that’s for two years, under Indonesian law, we have to do a new one every two years. So we have signed it. Mark make some comment – I’ll let you make some comments, because you live with this thing.
Richard Adkerson: And for years, we’ve been planning for this transition, because it is new skills, new work requirements and so forth in the underground from the open pit without the drivers for the all trucks and the big electric shovels and so forth. But we’ve been doing that and it’s much more mechanized. So anyway, that’s all progressed very well.
Richard Adkerson: You know generally our costs are fixed, there are some things that vary, so when definitely some of that cost going up is unit cost going up, absolute cost we’ll continue to manage to keep as low as we have, but for most part that’s fixed.
Richard Adkerson: Alright thank you, so let’s have our last question and appreciate, I think it was, Michael was saying he looks forward to when we don’t have to talk so much and nobody looks more forward to that than me.
Richard Adkerson: Well, I would not use the term get away with, you know, but you know if Rio Tinto wants to sell they would reach agreement and they buy, it means that there will be a much lower level of divestment that would come to PT-FI. So the government currently owns 9.36% of – in effect the long-term 60% interest, so that’s 5% plus. Rio Tinto has 40% and so our remaining divestment obligation would be roughly 10% of PT-FI which would be another net 5% plus, so that’s the way the math would work and it’s all contingent on everybody reaching an agreement on that transaction. That’s the best outcome considering that Rio – it’s up to Rio Tinto, they have been great partners, so anyway, but then their negotiations are with the government, we’re facilitating them, but they have direct negotiation with the governments, so it would ought to be an elegant outcome.
Richard Adkerson: Look, we’re focused on getting this Indonesian thing resolved and recognizes and until we do, you know that’s going to be a factor for credit ratings, stock valuation, share valuation and everything, so we know what we need to do and we are focused on getting it done. So, let’s see.
Richard Adkerson: Okay listen, thanks for all of you who stuck around to the end of this and we appreciate your interest. If you have follow-up questions contact David Joint, thank you.
Mark Johnson: Yes, a lot of the challenge in the Grasberg block cave, the ore body system as Richard indicated, the rail systems there to be finishing, the conveyors that will, the crusher is already placed. The conveyers would be complete all of the way up to the mill in May, so we’ll have six months there where we’ll be able to just convey development mark, which is significant, we’re mining about 6,000 to 7,000 tons a day right now just in developing drifts. The access to the ore body is extensive in the undercut extraction level we’ve got the service level, the ventilation is in place, so there is – all the pieces are there, what we are going to start doing in the late fourth quarter is that we’ll start glassing in the undercut. And then in the beginning of 2019 we’ll start taking draw bells and actually start pulling the material. The cave should develop very quickly, the area in which we’re initially developing the ore body is in a very cave-able portion of the deposit. And at that point when we start that and the pit will be essentially done, there is a little bit of an overlap right now that we’ve reviewed with our consultants, we feel that that can be like a three-month overlap of ongoing pit operations while the block cave, some of this blasting, some of this very – the initial starting of the block cave can go on without any impacts. We’ve got a very good plan for managing the water from the pit. We been able to demonstrate that we can get the water out of the pit before the cave starts up. So there is a whole network or there is a whole list of things that we’ve been checking off over the last year and a lot of it’s been really just getting these meters of development. We did over 30 kilometers of development last year, that drops down little bit this year as we get the ore body developed, so we’ll be doing about 2200 meters a month and all of that just is moving along very well.
Mark Johnson: That’s right, the shaft is commissioned, we were using that for people and so all these projects are all just starting to come together, the big one will be the ore flow system getting that and we’re doing that a little earlier than what we originally planned and it’s just to get the congestion out of the underground, it will be a much more efficient way of getting development muck out and getting men and materials in.
Mark Johnson: Yes. Well, 2017 was a very dramatic year on the labor. In February, we had 32,000 employees and has combination of employees and contractors. With the export ban, we had some cost reductions, it was kicked off with a 10% employee hurdle program. After we started that program, we had a number of employees that went on an informal strike, it was not a legal strike, it started missing work. And with the labor laws in Indonesia, they essentially resigned their positions. And that resulted in about 5,000 employees leaving. Recent to that, it’s back about 4,000 contractors, so we went from 32,000 to 24,000. And now we’re back up to around 28,000. The PT-FI component of that is under 8,000 employees now, it was 12,000. The contractors that we hired in have been very cooperative, have been very energetic. We’ve had a very good response. As kind of a byproduct with the new guy coming in, our PT-FI work forces also picked up the efficiencies and we’re seeing a much improved morale, our safety. With all of that transition, we have the lowest incident rates for our reportable accidents that we’ve ever had since the beginning of the project. So we feel good about the status of our labor force, the composition of contractors and internally employees, and really the effectiveness of our supervisors with under a new – kind of a new composition of labor. As Richard said, there was a lot of transition within the labor unions that we’ve dealt with their leader had been removed. He had some legal issues. He’s out of the picture. The new team has come in has worked very closely with us. There’s a second union that we’re dealing with, that was kind of a new component of our negotiations this year, but all of that worked out. We went on a little bit longer. But we didn’t have any threats of strikes. We didn’t have any concerns that the workforce is going to – have any sort of a walkout. So during that whole period of negotiation, we didn’t see an interruption in our production, and it allowed us to focus on safety and bringing these guys on and focusing on the project. So we saw some benefits in there, for instance, in the Grasberg pit. Our unit rates went down by about 30% in the fourth quarter to what they’ve been in the first part of the year. So we’ve seen efficiencies. We’re getting more out of each worker, and that’s also run into on the development side and then into the capital projects. So we feel well-positioned in 2018 with the group that we have.
