Richard C. Adkerson: We are -- well Mike, our focus is on investments. I mean, we really want to look at taking advantage, as aggressive as we can, on these opportunities to grow our business because of our positive view about the future for the business. We do have an authorized share buyback program. Our -- as you know, better than anyone, we have a long history of returning cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and historically, with share buybacks, it's something that our board considers on an ongoing basis. And we understand your comment and it will be a matter for the board's consideration.
Richard C. Adkerson: That's right. In terms of the open pit mine rate. The underground is really more like 80% of its capacity. And that, when I talk about mine rates, that includes the significant waste material that we move as well as ore production. So we are dealing with both of those and adjusting our mine plans for -- in relation to our current available workforce. And all that adds up to the bill, where we produce a concentrate, and it's like at 75% to 80% of capacity.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, our workforce includes, our management team which is all there, our staff workers, our junior and senior national staff. And they -- they've been extraordinarily supportive of our operations. So we have people doing jobs that they normally don't do. And we have had some union workers that have decided to come to work, maybe in the range of 10% to 15%. It varies day by day. So you add it all up. It's about 60% of our regular workforce. And the regular workforce includes not only the mine workers but infrastructure. We have fewer people up there. So there's a reduced infrastructure requirement for them. And the union workers, I said 10% to 15%, it's more like 15% to 20%, Mark is telling me.
Richard C. Adkerson: All the way through to the end of the year. So I mean that's just an assumption. It's a projection. Our hope is that we get the strike resolved and gets everybody back to work. But in terms of giving you and others in the investment community guidance, we thought the best way to do that now is just to say if we continue to operate right now, as we are right now, through the end of the quarter to give you those results.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes. And as I tried to emphasize at the start of my comments, there's a combination of factors going on here. One is our revised mine plans on how to deal with this, and then taking into account the lost capacity that we have because of the strike situation. So using overall averages doesn't take into account exactly how we're responding to the situation. And because of this, ore bodies being of the quality it is, it gives us more flexibility than you might have with other operations.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes. We will have that presented. It's just a question of completing the necessary work to get the data together. We've been keeping our board informed. They've been very supportive of what we're doing. So it's a natural process here and nothing -- the board's very supportive of our overall strategy. So we are -- we anticipate getting that done in due course. And I just want to make a comment, as I was listening to questions of Jorge and so forth, our resource that we have available to us at Grasberg is going to be there. It's a question of when we're able to mine it. And our first priority, as we operate day-to-day, is to do what we can to protect the safety of our people, the people in the local community and so forth. So this is going to be a dynamic situation, and we'll -- we're going to get back to normal. We will do it, and we'll keep you informed as we move along.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well Sal, you're going to hear this over and over in this industry. I mean, as companies work on projects, despite the fact we've got these economic uncertainties, the factors that go in to spending money on capital project in this industry continues to rise. And so, some of that is escalation as we get ready to actually order equipment and contract for services. Costs are higher than they were estimated in our previous studies. There are other factors that go in. We've -- we changed the scope of this water project that we're doing for Arequipa. That's going to be the source of our water. We found that we're going to have to build some additional power line facilities and transmission facilities that are different than we originally anticipated. But I will just make an observation, because we are engaged in so many of these projects, and we watch what's going on with others in the industry, is that capital cost escalation is a significant factor. It's going to have an impact on supply development and the timing of projects.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes, I'll tell you what Sal, it is good. All of our -- essentially all of our gold's Grasberg. So it's not anything. . .
Richard C. Adkerson: This is not really stock. I mean, we develop short-term stockpiles depending on our mine plans and so forth. But we don't have significant stockpile situation there. We basically move material very quickly from the mine crushing system through our ore drops into the mill. So stockpiles, there's not a long-term stockpile for us there in terms of our current operations.
Richard C. Adkerson: No, this whole thing, about half of it's from Grasberg. But the total adjustments, I don't think is 2% or less, and it's just normal mine planning adjustments. We're now going in to developing our annual plans which we complete in the fourth quarter. But that's just normal adjustments for mine plans, nothing significant.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we're working actively on it. And I mean, and we're also working jointly with CODELCO. But this is a project in the prefeasibility stage, and so that's going to take a significant amount of time to advance it. That's just the nature of these projects, because it involves being where it's located in Northern Chile. There's challenging water issues and power issues and we're working cooperatively with CODELCO on those issues, and... But just going back to my comments about why we're optimistic about the future of copper. One of the things is, supply constraints. And as attractive as this project is, and as aggressive as we are in wanting to pursue it, it's going to take several years to do the prefeasibility study and deal with the water and power issues, which we believe we can. It will cost money. But that's indicative of the constraints on supplies and why even though we can produce copper at such a low unit cost, you can't just turn on projects and get production very quickly.
Richard C. Adkerson: It's -- our inventory at port builds up and then drops as ships come in. And this is just a normal situation. We did have some inventory that we drew down. But we try to ship it as quickly as we can, and it's just a question of shipping schedules and so forth. So at any point in time, the inventory's going to be driven by kind of the steady production that comes out of the mill, gets down there, ships come in, it's loaded. Inventory drops. And -- but there's nothing unusual about it now, other than the fact that we're operating at a reduced level.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay, but you know as we always have, the amount of sales at the end of any quarter is based on ship loading. And Brian, I know you recall in the past that sometimes it's a shallow sea and rough weather can delay a ship. We record sales when it's loaded on the ship. So the timing, if you want to call it a mismatch or whatever, is strictly a function of getting the concentrate on the ships and getting it out of there. And that skips ship schedules and loading conditions.
Richard C. Adkerson: It's just a question of how we plan our mining activities given the reduced workforce. And so obviously, to the extent that we adjust stripping or ore mining in these conditions, it affects what we're doing going forward. So again, the mine plan is a mine plan. We're not doing anything that would be inconsistent with our long-term mine plan in terms of protecting pit stability and in terms of maximizing the MPV out of the ore. So it's just a question of how we do that with the reduced workforce that we have.
Richard C. Adkerson: That's correct. Beyond 2011. Beyond 2011. Let me just make a comment. We have a very long list of questions and so I'm going to ask everyone just to limit your question to a single question. If you want to get back in the queue, just to give everybody a chance that wants to have a question a chance to ask it.
Richard C. Adkerson: No, we don't have any targeted capital structure. We look at the debt situation over the last 4 years. Our credit rating has improved significantly. And so this gives us time, opportunities to repay debt on an opportunistic basis and reduce our interest costs. We point out that a good portion of our interest cost does not get the benefit of tax deductibility. And so we just approach everything on a cash flow basis of optimizing our cash flows as opposed to targeting any level of debt. We would be more comfortable with a greater level of debt on our balance sheet, and we certainly have the financial capability of doing that. And -- but we'll just look at it in terms of maximizing cash flows.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, this question of the life of open pit is a dynamic question in and of itself, even without the considerations of the strike. So at the present time, we don't see any significant change as a result of recent events. But that's something that we are continuing to evaluate, and it could change based on that further evaluation.
Richard C. Adkerson: Kuni, it wouldn't be appropriate for us to talk about that, because as we've said and it's well known, been reported in Indonesia, that one of the next steps is filing in the labor court for a consideration following the union's not accepting the mediators' response. So how that goes is subject to that court case, and it just wouldn't be appropriate for us to make any comments on specifics.
Richard C. Adkerson: No, that's uncertain. We have filed our initial filing with the court, which is simply following the procedures set out under Indonesian law. And so that's just where we are.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, Richard, it's just more of the overall process, of the continuing changes in mine plans. And it's not all Grasberg, as I said, it's about half Grasberg but it's nothing unusual. It's just ordinary business course mine plan changes.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we've crossed the bridge, in terms of completing spending the capital and hiring the people. So we're committed to -- I know we're very near to completed -- we've actually turned the power on to the mills, the mechanical completion there is going to be finished by the end of this year, roughly. We started mining activities this past summer. We're hiring the workforce. So in terms of completing the project, we've crossed the Rubicon. Now the issue is, how are we going to operate it. And because of both Climax and Henderson, we have the ability to flex production to be responsive to market conditions. And that's what we'll do.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, the government has been restructured, the line up of ministers has changed. You -- like -- sort of like here in the United States, you can see press reports on all sorts of things and it's been a feature of our being in Indonesia now for 40 years. We have ongoing discussions with senior government officials. We've always had positive relationships. We've always had great support for our contracts, our government -- and our company has honored our contracts since the early 1970s, and we're confident that we'll be able to work together on a positive basis going forward. So I would just -- that's the only comment I would make about that. We don't anticipate there'll be any change with our relationships with the government with the new cabinet situation.
Richard C. Adkerson: Our contract is with the government of Indonesia. The contract has the status of law in Indonesia. We work cooperatively with the provincial governor and his office, with the regency, the community where we work with. So all those things are things we work with. Our contract is with the central government.
Richard C. Adkerson: We always have our eyes open for opportunities that may come to us. The -- our board has not made a decision to diversify just for the sake of diversification. We believe we're confident in saying that success in the mining business depends on the quality of the assets, and not the mix of the assets. So given the quality of the assets we have and the development opportunities that we have, it would take a significant opportunity to be attractive to us to compete with our own development projects. But I believe the story of 2008 was that the macroeconomic forces affect base metals and other commodities across the board, and diversification is not going to protect you from macroeconomic events. So we have the opportunity through our contacts with the industry, and with the investment banks, opportunities are presented to us all the time. And if we had the opportunity for a high quality asset that we believe would be -- add incremental value to our shareholders, we're prepared to take it. But our strategy is focused on our internal investments and our internal growth prospects.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes we do, Isabel, believe we can resolve it in the near term. And we've had a peaceful situation with this strike and with previous issues related to labor at Cerro Verde. We have a very positive relationship with the community of Arequipa, because of the efforts we've made to improve the standards of living there. And so our situation there is different from some of the other mining projects in Peru. We take it very seriously. We listen carefully to the union and to the workforce, and we're working to get a resolution and we believe we're making current progress in getting it resolved. So we don't expect the kinds of violence that you suggested and we're taking this very seriously, and believe we can reach a mutually acceptable resolution in the near future.
Richard C. Adkerson: I think that's speculation about that and about where we are with the process. The cost increase would -- there would be a cost increase because we're offering a substantial increase to the workforce. Labor is about 25% to 30% of our cost there. And so you can get some sense about what would be a reasonable increase on that. But as I said in response to an earlier question, I'm reluctant and I'm not going to get into too much details here because of the sensitivity of the negotiations, and the fact that we've got this legal process going on, Sanil. So as things get clarified, we'll give more detailed guidance. At the end of the day, Grasberg is going to continue to be a very low cost producer because of the high grades of copper and gold. And the truth is, commodity price movements are going to be much more important.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes, it was sabotaged. This happens from time to time. It's not necessarily related to the strike. Rock slides really are an issue with our pipeline. It's -- there's just places, as it goes from the mill down to the port where it's above ground and there's access to it. And at times, illegal miners have disrupted it. We -- it's not a significant issue to get it repaired and get it operating again.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, that would be triggered when we stop mining the open pit, and start mining operations of the Grasberg block cave. So if you think about 80,000 tons per day from the DOZ complex, we would look at ramping up to 160,000 tons per day in the Grasberg block cave. We've done access work for that. We've begun initial mine development, but there would be a ramp up period from the time that we stop mining in the pit, since these -- this is a block cave that's directly underneath the pit, same ore body, and we can't start the caving operations so long as we're mining in the pit. So there would be a period of time for the ramp-up, and we are looking at steps as how to mitigate that. This is an issue that we've been had in our 10-K's and have talked about for years in terms of mitigating that ramp up period. But there will be a ramp up period from when the open pit stops and we start ramping up the Grasberg block cave. It's the same ore body. We're just mining it with a different mining method. This is the case where we will do stockpiles to help us do that. We're looking at ways of adjusting the operations in the DOZ and the MOZ to help mitigate this effect. But it's part of our future. All right, well, we appreciate everyone's participation and interest in our call and we look forward to giving you further updates as the fourth quarter progresses. Thanks, everybody.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Well for the year, including the third quarter impacts, we're estimating of 100 million pounds of copper and 100,000 ounces of gold. Most of the gold impact was actually in the third quarter. The copper impact in the third quarter is 70 million pounds. So that leaves about 30 million pound impact for the fourth quarter. We were -- our fourth quarter was projected in any case, to be our lowest grade quarter of the year. And actually, with the strike action in the third quarter, some of the higher grade material that we expected to mine in third quarter has been pushed into the fourth quarter. But these assumptions assume that we're operating under strike conditions at this moderated rate that Richard's been talking about. So we've baked that into the forecast.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Yes, we're expecting from Indonesia total for the year and you look on Page 24, 1.45 million ounces. And roughly 100,000 ounces from South America. So I think the math works. We'll go off-line with you if you still have questions.
Kathleen L. Quirk: It was income during the quarter, because inventories were lower. If you look in the footnotes on the income statement, Brian, there's a summary of what the impact was. It was a positive impact of $84 million to net income. But as you know, that number moves depending on the changes in these intercompany inventory levels.
Kathleen L. Quirk: It includes the 3 projects that we're -- that are in advanced stages, Cerro Verde, Morenci and Tenke. We are going to be in the permitting process for most of next year in Cerro Verde. And so the cost includes advancing the engineering and also potentially advancing our earthworks there. We've also got capital associated with the second phase of Tenke and this Morenci mill expansion. But it's probably evenly distributed between those 3 projects.
