Kathleen Quirk: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan second quarter conference call. Earlier this morning, FCX reported second quarter 2022 operating and financial results, and a copy of today's press release and slides are available on our website at fcx.com. Our call today is being broadcast live on the Internet, and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website home page and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call, and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on this call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. I'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our SEC filings. On the call today with me are, Richard Adkerson, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Maree Robertson, our Chief Financial Officer; Mark Johnson, Chief Operating Officer of Indonesia; Josh Olmsted, Chief Operating Officer for the Americas; Mike Kendrick, who runs our molybdenum business; Cory Stevens, who leads our centralized technical services, engineering and construction; Rick Coleman, who's leading a number of our projects, including the smelter project in Indonesia; and Steve Higgins, our Chief Administrative Officer. Richard is going to make some opening comments to start us off, and then I'll come back and cover the materials in the slide presentation. So now I'll turn the call over to Richard for his comments.
Kathleen Quirk: Emily, it's primarily timing. We did sell more in the second quarter. We produced more, but we also had some timing variances in second quarter where we sold more in the U.S. than we expected. In Indonesia, we also brought down our concentrate inventory. So it's mainly a timing, we're at -- we're pretty much at run rates currently.
Kathleen Quirk: I think, Chris, what we're really looking at is the physical markets. And right now, the physical markets are tight. As Richard talked about earlier, inventories are low. We certainly do not want to produce at a loss at any of our operations, and we prefer to keep our reserves in the ground for better markets in the future. But right now, the situation is so dynamic, it appears that physical markets continue to be robust. We're going to be watching it. And it will be a combination of factors, including what input costs do as well. But we go through mine by mine and look at overall production costs capital costs, the overall cash flows, and we'll make adjustments as needed and maybe first adjustments be to defer some capital projects which do have an impact on copper prices -- on copper volumes longer term, but we're going to be looking at all these things and closely monitoring the conditions. As I mentioned, we're we operate everything. So we control all these decisions, and we can look very quickly across the portfolio and where things stand. And so we're prepared to make adjustments. I don't want to give a projection as to what number, but we have reduced copper production in the past, particularly when demand has fallen.
Kathleen Quirk: And David, you raised this in your comments, and we look at a lot of the publications that show where cost support is for copper. Those estimates are dated. There've been a lot of changes in input costs that the historical cost support for copper has been increased significantly. So $3.25 copper is not the same as it was 2 years ago. And so that's a factor as well. But reading tea leaves about how long this will last, we can move quickly. This has happened suddenly, and we're starting a process to look at what we can do, particularly on the capital spend. That's the quickest way to increase cash flow.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. I think another factor out there is, as you look at the copper price needed to support new mine development and compare that to where our share is trading and what's implied in our shares, it's attractive versus new supply development. And on the flip side, we are looking at this steering the situation in the face where new supply development is required. So there's some bunch of disconnects in the market right now. And we wanted to signal positive we're going to use excess cash flows to buy stock back. We've -- the lower copper prices gives us less cash flows to use, but we're going to continue to look at our plans and see how we might modify that with this disconnect in where our share price is trading and what's needed long term to develop new supplies.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. Sure. On Slide 9, we show a roll forward. And you can see there where we've gone from $1.44 to $1.50 in the by-product credit because we're using lower gold prices and moly from what we used in our prior forecast is down by $0.05. So we had a $0.06 increase and $0.05 of that is from reduced by-product credits. The site production, the top line number, the site production delivery being up $0.03. The major factors there that are impacting our cost guidance is energy we used -- just for reference in our last forecast, we used $3.50 per gallon for diesel prices just for one reference in our outlook, which was the price -- around the price at the time. The price in the fourth -- in the second quarter ended up being above $4 per gallon, and that's declined somewhat to $3.70. So we're using current or at least prices as of last week for oil prices or diesel prices roughly $3.70 a pound or a gallon in our outlook. Coal prices are also up from our prior forecast. Purchase power costs are up slightly. We had some offsets in currencies. The stronger dollar results in lower operating costs in our international locations. And so we've reflected that. We've had some contractual consumable price increases, which are rolling in, which we've brought into the forecast. We had also -- and this is more of an accounting deal, but we also had, as we are transitioning in a lab from a former leach pad to a new leach pad, we had some changes in estimates in our estimates of what copper is remaining in that leach pad. And so what that does is basically, if we reduce the amount of copper available in leach pad, it increases our costs for the remaining pound. So that is not a cash item. It's essentially we've already spent the cash. But it will roll through our unit net cash costs and that was a factor as well. So -- but the headlines, energy materials and supplies, this deal at El Abra, which is more noise offset by a stronger dollar. And profit sharing and other costs that are driven by copper prices. So net of all that, we were $0.03 on site production and delivery, and our export duties and royalties went down by $0.02. So the biggest factor you can look at this and say it's by-product credits, which we were using $1,950 for gold in the prior forecast and now we're using $1,700, $19 for moly in the prior forecast, which is what it was. And that price has declined to $16.
Kathleen Quirk: We had already updated in our second quarter -- in the second quarter and our first quarter results in April, we had already updated our labor costs for inflation. We've also -- in contract labor that we're using. Our labor costs actually in this forecast are a little lower because of this currency factor that I mentioned. And that doesn't affect our U.S. operations. But when you look at South America and where the Peruvian and Chilean currencies have moved relative to the dollar, that helps because our costs are in those countries for labor are principally denominated in the local currency.
Kathleen Quirk: Thanks, Cory. And so it's data analytics, additives, which we're exploring as well as heat, which we're applying covers across all of our stockpiles. And we're well on our way to doing that. And as we retain heat in the stockpile, the data shows that recoveries are greater. So it's a multifaceted approach to it. We're focused initially at Morenci. Chino is the second largest one in the U.S., and we're moving with data analytics there. We're trying out some additives at Sierrita. We've got some third-party some third-party activity going on at our Bagdad mine in Arizona. So we're trying a bunch of alternatives to enhance our understanding and we're gaining confidence that we'll be able to have some. We set this target of 100 million to 200 million pounds over a 12- to 18-month time frame. And we're increasing our ability to -- our confidence in our ability to get to that. And once we get to that, that will open up some iterations that will allow us to expand it from there. But we've got to get the first success. And we've had some early successes. It's just we've got to get to scale on it. So stay tuned. For second question on Cerro Verde...
Kathleen Quirk: And just to circle back on Cerro Verde, we monitor the share price there, the public share price there. The public float is a historical carry forward that has been in place for a very long time, but we do monitor the trading conditions, opportunities if they arise and being able to repurchase. It's a different scenario than in the U.S. where we can have active share purchase programs. But we are in tune with the market there and with certain of the investors. And we'll look at that on an opportunistic basis as we compare uses of cash flow with other priorities at the corporate level.
Kathleen Quirk: And to your question about where we see the most risk or opportunity either way, I'd say energy is the 1 that's the most uncertain. As Richard talked about the correlation, what we're spending on energy, if we did historical correlations going back over a long period of time, our energy costs correlated to a $3.25 copper price, would be 40% lower or greater. And so -- but yet people are talking about potentially energy prices spiking again because of what's going on in the world. But if we really do get this recession really comes through, maybe it's a scenario where historical correlations start to fold in more than they are today. But our current plans are not based on historical correlations. They're based on the current market conditions.
Kathleen Quirk: We raised the capital we need for the smelter. That's an important part of our agreement with the Indonesian government. And we raised the capital we need, both in the bond and the bank markets earlier this year before things got deteriorated. And so we're in good shape. That's an execution project. The Kucing -- it's complicated execution project, but it's an execution project. The Kucing Liar project is investments over a long period of time. We can have some pluses and minuses as we look out in the plan to tweak it, but it's a long-term investment. The places where we do have opportunities to look at is, in the short term, some of the funding that we were planning in the Americas for various projects to build capacity, to build capacity assurance to sustain higher mining rates so that we could keep our production levels high. Those kinds of things as we've done in the past, we can look at if we need -- we will look at if we need to essentially cut spending. And the reductions in mining rates help current cash flow. It makes it harder in the future to get the flywheel going again as we're just now doing with the cutbacks we did in 2020. But as Richard said, it's something that our team has experience with. We do it in a disciplined way. I think the important thing for the market to understand is that as we do these kinds of things, they don't -- the switch doesn't get turned on quickly. So they have lasting effects. Not -- you don't lose value. It's not lost, but it's deferred for potentially an extended period of time. So we take all that into account when we make these decisions on modifying operating plans.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. I think it's a function of where we are in these projects. In Indonesia, a large portion of our capital budget was related to the underground the underground development. And so we were well advanced in this project. The last part of it really is this increase in our SAG milling circuit, which is coming on in Q3. So -- but if we're starting projects today or in the last 6 months, I think that's a fair assumption. And that also goes into the calculus of is this the environment that you want to undertake major new projects in because not only do you have the costs up, but the availability of labor, to someone's question earlier, is that the risks are higher. And so the current copper price doesn't appropriately reflect what is required to get new projects developed. And that's the thing Richard was talking about earlier, where we've got a big disconnect. But our capital projects that we're doing today have been in progress for a long time. So -- and we've got a core amount of sustaining projects, and we do have some higher equipment and parts and those kinds of things. Some of the parts have affected OpEx. But we're not -- given where we are in our capital cycle, we don't have the inflation that someone brand new starting a new project would have today.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. We agreed with the EPC contractor to a target price, and we both share some risk in that. And we've got some contingencies, a good portion also when you think about the labor cost, local labor costs and where the dollar is. So that will help us if things stay with the way they are. But it's not a fixed price contract. It's got some risk sharing between the parties.
Richard Adkerson: And anyway, we do have challenges with timing in Indonesia from time to time with the shallow water port that we have there. Rough seas can just delay loading and we, of course, record sales at the time of loading. And so that's just something we've had to deal with over the years.
Richard Adkerson: Well, Chris, in preparing for this call, I have made a concerted effort with my contacts in the industry, who are very knowledgeable of the business on the ground in China. To answer your direct question there because that was perplexing out. I inquired broadly about where their inventories in China that were not visible, what was going on with Chinese commodity trading companies, and the word came back that inventories were not building, it wasn't unusual trading. You're right, a couple of our mine and the other big mines increased, but there was also fly disruptions in Latin America during the quarter. And it appears that, that, in effect, balanced some of the Chinese demand issues. But we don't see our customers in China -- and we have a diverse customer base in Asia. We, by design, don't sell all of our copper into China, but into Japan and South Korea and Taiwan, and we don't see any impact on demand. So I understand your question, and I just want to share with you what I've been able to find from it, but we're just not seeing it in our business.
Richard Adkerson: Right. Even in Europe, our business there is strong. And I know the uncertainty space in Europe over this energy situation, so I'm not diminishing any of that. It's just our business is strong, as many customers over there are avoiding Russian copper. And so it is unusual, as I talked about. It is a disconnect. It's a serious disconnect right now between the physical marketplace that we're seeing and what's going on with copper prices.
Richard Adkerson: Well, in response to your question earlier and we had about that, I think everyone understands that we at Freeport have a broad range of operations with different cost structures. I mean that was really the whole basis for putting together Grasberg with the Phelps Dodge assets. It allows us to manage those assets more efficiently when you've got a asset like Grasberg to support it. When times get tough, historically, what we've done has been able to use Grasberg support all of our corporate G&A and our debt financing cost. And then we challenge each one of mines to operate as they minimum cash flow breakeven. And we review this mine by mine, and every mine makes that decision, our decisions to support achieving that objective. But then within the larger mines -- and I'll just use Morenci as an example, the largest mine in North America. They are individual mines, but what goes on in to reflect the current economics. It's a balancing act because decisions you make to do that have consequence -- manage all these operations ourselves, and we run our business in the Americas essentially as a single business unit. So we all get together, we find out what's working, what's not, what can be done, what -- and we balance the longer-term consequences with the need to meet current realities. And it is -- and as I said, we have the same basic team we've had that we've done this before. so we have a game plan for us doing it. And now our operators are ahead of us in occasions. Everybody knows what to do. Everybody is pitching in and acting as a team to deal with our corporate objectives. So it's not an easy question to say, is there a price where this happens with this mine, because it's an interactive process that cuts across all of our mines in the Americas. Of course, in Indonesia, we're going to produce as aggressively as we can safely and consistent with our long-term plans. And it's so great now to be ramped up to the extent we obviously got a couple of steps to do. But just 2 years ago, it was really scary when we were having volumes down there and the world was facing COVID. And we're so much better positioned now.
Richard Adkerson: So what we try to do at urging of a number of our shareholders last year was established a financial policy so that people knew what direction we were going in. And so we worked on it for months and finally came up with a policy that was announced about how we were allocating available cash flows, what was our debt targets, how are we allocating cash flows between shareholder returns and investments. There's always a challenge in the investment side of it because it takes so long to do it. So anyway, that's just part of the function. But we felt that -- and we discussed this with our Board, we felt that it was best to give the marketplace a direction since we've executed so much of our existing authorization, that we would have the availability to act for share buybacks when it was warranted by the marketplace. And I would be careful to say this because I'm not predicting anything. I mean clearly, my long career has taught me not to be confident in myself or others in predicting these short-term movements. But David, there is a scenario here with the market being so tight. And if things turn out not to be as dire as most expect now, there could be a dramatic recovery in copper prices, and that would translate to a recovery in Freeport's share price. And we want people to understand what we'd be prepared to do if the circumstances changed dramatically from where they are now or for most to predict. We're still going to run the business with the primary goal of protecting our assets and protecting our future because we believe the future -- we believe we're confident the future of this company is so bright Past actions by the company that they impair all at times. We're not going to do that this time. We're going to have discipline about it. But we wanted the market to know that we have this authorization available to us for us to execute when it makes sense.
Richard Adkerson: I mean maybe it's trite because most management say this, but our management and our Board truly believes that the fundamental value of Freeport is substantially higher than the stocks trading now.
Richard Adkerson: And growing volumes in Indonesia. I mean, with that cost structure, when it gets to be a greater proportion of consolidated numbers, that's a huge benefit.
Richard Adkerson: I want to get a shout out to our supply chain team that's just done a remarkable job in working with our suppliers in a difficult environment, not only from a cost standpoint, but from a delivery standpoint. And they've just done a great job in working directly hand-in-hand with our operations to do what we can to offset these challenges that are broadly across all businesses.
Richard Adkerson: Well, let me just add. The real focus is what Kathleen and Cory talked about is taking advantage of our existing leach operations. But with success, the future beyond that is really exciting about what we might do in terms of mining sulfide ores and processing them with this technology or looking at historical lead stacks. It is really exciting. Our whole team is really pumped up about it, very good to see. Our project is called leach to the last drop.
Richard Adkerson: Unquestionably, I mean you just think about the impact on corporate strategy, the amount of financing that's available for smaller projects. All -- this is just another element of the series of barriers to supply development that the industry had already faced. And unquestionably, I mean it was pointed out earlier in the discussion that for a company like ours is we got this really great project in Chile that's being delayed by the politic -- political situation there and the uncertainties about taxation. When you balance that out with a company like ours and potentially being able to buy your stock back so cheaply, that's going to happen. That's going to have an impact. The investment in this industry is just so long term, so long term, even for a project as straightforward as doubling our concentrator at Bagdad. That's a multiyear effort to go through the permitting, the planning process, the procurement process. So it's the long-term nature of this business and a head spinning move in prices like this is going to have an impact on those investment decisions. I don't know of any company that's just going to close their eyes and say that the market is so good in the future, we're just going to ignore this. You can't ignore it. I mean it's been such a dramatic decline, and there's still such uncertainties as to what's going to happen, that all of that is going to delay production investments and there was such a limited number of investments available out there anyway, it's just building towards this coming huge deficit in the copper markets.
Richard Adkerson: So Timna, thanks for the question. It's -- in looking at our situation, there's a lot of balancing of competing economics for these projects that come into play. The uncertainty at El Abra where we have a 50%, 51% interest, and we operate with Codelco as our partner, just means that, that is a burden on that project, whereas investments in the U.S., where Kathleen mentioned we own substantially all of our landing fees. So there's no royalties where we have a favorable income tax situation that's partially due to the tax legislation that's in place now and partially due to net operating loss carryforward we have from the oil and gas investment. And all the issues around community support and what you have to provide in international operations affects that balance that we have. And Kucing Liar is different because it's just a clear-cut fit into our long-term plan for managing the available ore. Grasberg -- and by the way, I might mention, Emily, you had your report today a question about extending the 4041 deadline there. We're in early discussions. I think we have a pathway forward, but we have a proceed with that. And that is something that would benefit all stakeholders and also open that whole area for further exploration, which has been limited because of the 2041 deadline under our existing operating rights. So it's not an easy question to say, but it's a balancing off on all these things. And right now, the leach focus is not -- it's going to be affected by economics, timing of bag, that maybe the Lone Star project, the near-term expansions are going well and they have some more opportunities there. The sulfide is longer term and then El Abra is the 1 that's really challenged. Beyond that, we have further opportunities in the U.S. at Morenci and at our other mines. But -- what I really like about our company is we have this huge pipeline of projects. The nearest term will take time rather than leaching which will come quicker. But Beyond that, we have such great resources that are available to us beyond reserves. And over time, those will come into reserves. And so this company is sustainable for a very long period of time, without having to do anything else, without having to do anything else. But the decisions about timing and when to come and so forth, has a lot of moving parts, and that got -- it's just gotten more complicated by seeing this 30% drop in copper prices and not knowing what's going to happen in the next 2 to 3 years globally. So it had an impact on us, and it will have an impact on other companies.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. And that's just our philosophy and planning overall. We don't like -- we develop an outlook and a plan based on current prices, and then we look at a number of different scenarios for what might happen if that varies. But we don't go into any kind of economic analysis. Our sales are coming up with predictions on the future. Have heard long ago that's a dead man's game. And so we just use current prices and then look at scenarios of -- I'll say this, for those of you who followed the company a long time, you've heard me say about the correlation between our input costs and copper prices that's been there. And that's 1 of the rationales we've always used for not hedging. This current market has disrupted some of those longstanding traditional relationships. Energy is the most significant one, and that's changing. And every day, you see that changing. So we're just having to -- we have to approach this with prudence, with an overall goal of protecting this great set of assets we have and protecting the future that I think is going to be so great for our company. So we're going into that mode that we've followed before of really aggressively managing our business as the world around us changes.
Richard Adkerson: With you, and this is obviously -- the biggest risk to our business right now is, is the future demand going to drop off a cliff because of a global recession. And that's what the market -- the market is pricing that in, in large part right now because that's what the expectation was. I mean, look at that Bank of America survey that they did, 80% of the people were projecting bad times. But we haven't had that yet. But that's the risk to our business. If the dire expectations about recession occur, demand will fall off. We can adjust to it. We're not going to put our company at risk. And that's why we're going to be very prudent about the way we manage capital, manage operations and manage our financial policy. I'm such a big believer in copper. I have this urge to be a lot more entrepreneur about it. But history has taught me we need to be really prudent to protect ourselves in case things happen that put us at risk, and we're not going to do that. I'm just not going to do it.
Richard Adkerson: Well, let's see, you mentioned people. We made substantial cuts in personnel just over 2 years ago with the COVID issue. We did that. We always treat people fairly. It was mostly between incentivized retirements or incentivized terminations and so forth, and we were very attractive with doing that. By the way, we have carried over some really efficient benefits in our G&A cost. And what we learned during that period of time about not needing to travel as much and working efficiently with our people. I encourage all of you to go back and look at the history of Freeport's G&A and just see what progress we made with it. John, we're actively looking for technical people. I mean we're not talking about cutting back technical people at all because this opportunity with leaching with data analytics, which is used in leaching, but in the rest of our business. And my experience has shown you find good technical people, you can -- they'll create value for you. So steady state, maybe that's one way of saying it now that with Grasberg being where it is with its ramp-up, we're still working on a mill enhancement there, power issues. We're dealing with our power plant there. And we have some other investments made, but we're at our run rate. And clearly, the expansions are being affected by today's copper price. So yes, we're just focused on staying in a strong financial position, keeping all of our options open and being prepared to act when time makes sense.
Richard Adkerson: And the timing of that PT-FI $3 billion financing was very fortuitous. Now I was just looking at this this morning and what we issued it with and what today's interest rates are for those bonds that are trading. It was great that Kathleen and our team have done when they got it done.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. It's the nature of what we're spending money on. And like Kathleen said, where we are in the cycle. And supply chain issues are still real too, and that would be a very daunting thing to think about as you were undertaking a $6 billion, $7 billion new project in this industry. Just coming back -- it just keep coming back that the supply chain -- I mean, the supply barriers to develop copper to meet this demand are really significant. You just -- you think about we've had high copper prices now for 20 years. And just look at what the industry has tried to spend and develop and what's been developed. And now you've got these new things that are coming in, you can't wipe away community environmental concerns just because the world needs copper. You have all the social issues that are competing for the populations in Latin America and problems -- we in the U.S. benefit because we have greenfield expansions, but you see the problems of trying to build -- I mean, brownfield expansions. You see the problems in trying to build a greenfield expansions here in the U.S., they're just daunting. I've just never seen anything like it and it's just so clear to me after looking at our commodities businesses and actual resource business is now for all these decades about where the copper business is and what the future lies ahead for us. And just why I'm so excited about what our companies will benefit from the assets, people experience, how we do things. So it's going to be a great future.
Richard Adkerson: Let me just say, you all know how I feel on what's the basis for our company's strategy. So what -- if any of you -- and I'm asking this question broadly within the industry with all my contacts, but any of you on this call and follow our company so closely. If you have a different view about the fundamental outlook for the business, just call me directly. I'd be very interested in hearing it. One thing the reality is that I certainly recognize is that even with institutional investors, their views of the -- of their investments are much more short run than what Freeport's view is of how we have to invest for the future of this copper business. But I'm really interested in hearing contrary views, if any of you would like to share them with me. And with that, we thank you all, it’s exciting and we look forward to reporting in the next quarter and seeing how this world unfolds. It's going to be very interesting. Thank you all.
