Kathleen Quirk: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Our results were released earlier this morning, and a copy of the press release and slides for today's call are available on our website at FCX.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet. Anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we would like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially. We would like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our Form 10-K. On the call today with me are Richard Adkerson, our CEO; Red Conger, who runs our business in the Americas; Mark Johnson, who oversees our Indonesian operations; and Mike Kendrick, who oversees our molybdenum business. I will start by briefly summarizing the financial results and then turn the call over to Richard, who will review our performance of using the slide materials. As usual, after our remarks, we will open up the call for questions. We would like to note that the results we are reporting today for our second quarter slightly better than the financial estimates reported in our July 1st update. Today, FCX reported net losses attributable to common stock of $72 million, was $0.05 per share in the second quarter. After adjusting for net charges of $14 million or $0.01 per share, our adjusted net loss attributable to common stock totaled $58 million or $0.04 per share. Our adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the second quarter totaled $465 million, and a reconciliation of our EBITDA calculation is available on Page 29 of our slide deck. Our second quarter 2019 copper sales of 807 million pounds were in line with our April 2019 estimate of 800 million pounds with higher copper volumes from North America and South America offsetting lower copper volumes from PT Freeport Indonesia. Mine sequencing changes in the Grasberg open pit resulted in lower second-quarter 2019 gold sales of 189,000 ounces that compared with the April 2019 estimate of 265,000 ounces. This is a timing variance and we are affirming our 2019 sales estimates for both copper and gold of 3.3 billion pounds of copper and 800,000 ounces of gold for the year. Our second quarter 2019 average realized price for copper was $2.75 per pound, that was about 11% below the last year second quarter average of $3.08 per pound, and gold prices were slightly above last year's second quarter; they averaged $1,351 per ounce in the second quarter of 2019 versus $1,274 in the year-ago period. Our unit net cash costs were $1.92 per pound in the second quarter of 2019. Our unit net cash costs for the year are in line with our previous estimates of $1.75 average for the full-year. We generated operating cash flows of $554 million in the second quarter and our capital expenditures totaled $629 million. We ended the quarter with consolidated cash of $2.6 billion and our consolidated debt totaled $9.9 billion. We had no borrowings and $3.5 billion available under our revolving credit facility at the end of June. At the end of June, FCX declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per share on its common stock and that dividend will be paid on August 1st. I'd now like to turn the call over to Richard, who will be referring to a slide presentation on our website.
Kathleen Quirk: Thanks, Richard. I'm going to go over the financial outlook, starting on Slide 13, and we show here the sales outlook for 2019 through 2021 and is broadly consistent with our previous guidance. You will see our copper sales growing by approximately 200 million pounds in 2020 and 900 million pounds in 2021 compared to 2019. This includes the scheduled ramp up of production at Grasberg and the commissioning of our Lone Star mine in late 2020. In 2021, we expect just over two-thirds of the copper production will be produced from the Americas and the balance from Indonesia. This outlook does not include the opportunities being pursued with technology and innovation that Richard discussed earlier. And as discussed, we are targeting an aspirational goal of adding 200 million pounds of copper through these initiatives. We are also ramping up gold production during this period with high grades available to us in Indonesia. And as many of you know, Grasberg is one of the largest gold mines in addition to being a significant copper producer. Molybdenum sales are flat over the period that we have the ability to increase production rates from our primary molybdenum mines if market conditions warrant. Moving to Slide 14, we have modeled our EBITDA and cash flows at various prices to provide you with a range of the cash earnings and cash flow generating capacity of the Company. And you also get a feel for the leverage we have to improving market conditions. At $2.75 per pound of copper around the current price, we are in a $2.8 billion range for EBITDA 2019. This is a trough year for us, and as you see from the modeled results, we would generate approximately $4.4 billion to $6 billion in EBITDA in 2020 at this range of prices, and that would grow to $7.4 billion to $9.5 billion EBITDA for the average of 2021 and 2022. This is more than a double of cash flow and most of the capital required to be able to achieve this is behind us. Now it's up to us to execute and over the next three to four quarters will continue to derisk the plan as we hit the milestones set out. The story is the same for operating cash flows at the bottom of the page here on Slide 14. That is net of our cash taxes and interest costs. Our operating cash flows grow from roughly $2 billion in 2019 to over $3 billion in 2020, which is sufficient to fund our capital expenditures and our dividends, and we expect the average of 2021 and 2022 at these copper prices from $3 to $3.50 range from over $5 billion approaching $7 billion at $3.50 copper. And we expect capital expenditures to decline beyond 2020, which will supercharge our free cash flow. On Slide 15, we show our projected capital expenditures for 2019 and 2020. This includes sustaining capital of roughly $1 billion per annum and the projects we have under way that are allowing us to grow our cash flow so significantly. We are continuing to manage capital very carefully. You all know the capital costs are up slightly from our April estimates. The primary driver for this is that we are ahead of schedule on the Grasberg Block Cave and Deep MLZ work; our five-year average spend for the underground development is consistent with our previous guidance, but we have been a little bit more productive in 2019 and so we have adjusted the timing of our spend. These amounts do not include the new smelter in Indonesia in which FCX will share 40% of the economics. We expect to debt finance the smelter at the PT-FI level and are having some good discussions with the group of banks to put a facility in place to fund these costs. Moving to Slide 16, we show our financial position and liquidity. We are in a strong financial position. Our balance sheet is in good shape. If you look at our leverage relative to the expected EBITDA generation, our current net debt is around 2 times 2020 EBITDA and about 1 time 2021 using $2.75 copper. We also have a strong liquidity position with $2.6 billion in cash on hand and an undrawn $3.5 billion facility. In closing, going to Slide 17, we are gaining real momentum in achieving our objectives, clearly focused on executing our plans in an effective way and have a line of sight for meaningful increase in our revenues, earnings and cash flows. Thanks for your attention. And operator, we will now open up the call for your questions.
Kathleen Quirk: Thanks, Chris. On the smelter, we started early works in ground improvement. We have got a site located in Gresik near the existing smelter in Indonesia and we are doing some front-end engineering work. So we will have better estimates at the end of the year in terms of capital cost. As I mentioned, we are having good discussions with lenders about financing the smelter and expect - we are not expecting a significant cost of the smelter in 2019. It will start ramping up some in 2020, but the bulk of the spend will be later in 2021 and 2022. But we expect to have a debt financing in place that will allow us to fund those costs and essentially amortize them over a long period of time.
Kathleen Quirk: Your question about production and sales; we generally sell what we produce. Sometimes, we will have shipping delays that extend over a short period of time, but we don't have significant board inventories. We have wound those down and we don't have significant stockpiles at this point. So we are basically in normal operations. Slide 9, Richard, your comment asked about the timing of the 200 million pounds of -
Kathleen Quirk: And that is with respect to Lone Star, Chris. I think you were also asking about the innovation project, which we are moving very aggressively on. We have achieved the results at Bagdad. We have got more to come at Bagdad and the aspirational target that we have set of 200 million pounds, this is something we want to do quickly. We are working on blueprints and designs and we don't have a - we haven't put it into our guidance. So we don't have a projection, but we have optimism that we will be able to convert that aspirational goal into results.
Kathleen Quirk: Okay. The gold credit will be a function of what the gold revenues are in relation to the copper volumes and there was a slight change in copper volumes for the year. It wasn't a big number, but we increased copper by - from [625 to 630] (Ph). So it wasn't a huge difference, it was $0.02 variance between the two numbers, but it's a relation of what the gold volumes are in relation to copper.
Kathleen Quirk: Oscar, it was primarily - at Cerro Verde, we had some different ore types that we mined in the second quarter and so we had some issues to work through there. That is the main driver was the ore types in the second quarter at Cerro Verde.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes. We consolidate PT Freeport Indonesia and so the capital expenditures incurred by PT-FI are consolidated in FCX's results. So they will be part of our consolidated results, but the economics and we have a shareholders' agreement between FCX and our partner there, the Inalum, the state-owned company, where smelter cost are shared according to the ownership of 49% to FCX. So we will consolidate it, but the economics and cash flows associated with it will be borne 49% by FCX and we do anticipate being able to finance substantially all, if not all the smelter. PT-FI doesn't have any debt. And so, it's in a good position and we have had some positive feedback from some lenders about financing for PT Freeport Indonesia for this project.
Kathleen Quirk: The way the process works is that we filed for the quota in like October of 2018, and they base it off of what your plan was then. Subsequent to that time PT smelting had some additional downtime and we ended up having more concentrate production in 2019 than what was in that forecast. So the process now is, we have to resubmit that plan, which we have done. And so we will - and it's not a big driver of our second half sales. It's important, we want to get it. We want to have some options if we do have the ability to extend in the open pit, but we have given them an updated forecast and we expect in the third quarter to get approval for additional quantities of export.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, our current plans show that capital drops off pretty sizably beyond 2020. We are going to be looking at the development of Kucing Liar. That is not in our current five-year plan. We want to get Grasberg Block Cave and Deep MLZ optimize and up and running and spend the capital needed to do that before going in and attacking other projects. The KL deposit is not a big value driver for us, so we are not overly anxious, but we are - so we are going to be cautious over the next several years in how much capital we allocate and we are currently showing no capital falling off on the order of what you are saying, Brian.
Kathleen Quirk: And again just to look at the options to have a case where we expose less capital and look at the trade-offs of that, because some parts of the ore body may require a lot more capital, and so we are looking at trade-offs of not mining part of the pyrite, for instance, and that has some pretty big implications on capital. So that will be studies that are in front of us. There will be value-add studies. But as Richard said, we really focused on executing this first phase, optimizing in the first phase, and then looking at where we go from there. But currently, we don't have in our five-year outlook capital for Kucing Liar.
Richard Adkerson: Our commitment with the government was to do it within five years of December 2018. So that is the time schedule, that we are working on is to have the project running by the end of 2023.
Richard Adkerson: So we expect to ramp up getting in the next year and by mid-2020 to be at that full production level. But as we speak in our recent meetings, we are seeing opportunities to be able to expand that with incremental oxide production with reasonable amounts of capital to go along with it. Right now, we are being able to use available facilities at the Safford mine for processing, which that mine is ramping down is expected, but the opportunities for future growth in oxide is there and of course, we have spoken about the very large longer-term sulfide resource available to us.
Richard Adkerson: It's a very great opportunity for this and this, you know, what this does is and we didn't know exactly how it would work, we went to Bagdad, that really work quickly and now it looks to be sustainable . And so by increasing mill throughput, then you have to adjust your mine plans to feed that capacity in that, in effect shorten your reserve life and we have got enormous reserve life. So all of that so economically positive for us. And I can tell you the way our team has responded to see our long-term mining executives being excited about data analytics. It is quite an exciting thing to see.
Richard Adkerson: And a point I'd like to make is, this is not a new plant. I mean, we have had a plan that we started on 15 years ago that envisioned during this time frame. In fact, it was envisioning starting in 2016, but because of issues at the surface in the pit, it was delayed. So we have had this consistent plan. The guys have done a great job of being focused on it despite everything else that was going on at job site in Indonesia. And that plan just keeps get modified and improved as we go through time. So it's not like this is a new plan that is been developed, but consistent execution of a long-term plan. Red will talk about this AI initiative, but for years now, we have been using measurement devices, own equipment, to get information to supervisors who then take it and feed it back to operators in the field. What this does is take that fundamental process, but gathers the data processes it immediately, compares it to what would be optimal conditions and where it's falling short and getting that data instantaneously in the hands of our team to make those adjustments in real-time and continuously. Red.
Richard Adkerson: I think the real distinguishing feature for our Company is this idea that we manage all of our operations as in a fact one business, and is not where you have joint venture operations or minority interest in other operations. So, it allows us to do things and share it from mine to mine to mine. Technology is going to drive things as we go forward. We are working with our suppliers in applying technology to underground mining, which in reality probably is a more fertile area for application of this an open pit mining because of the more factory nature of that business. So it'll be a factor in the industry going forward. You know other factors in my view are going to be more important in terms of looking at ultimate supply demand impacts for the industry and that is this whole issue of global growth and the things that overhanging the market from the demand side and just the issues of these things might help offset falling grades, but grades are falling and you see in project after project the challenges that are faced in terms of developing suppliers whether those relate to processing issues, ground support issues, government issues with resource nationalism. So it will be a factor. We are certainly going to take advantage of it to the maximum extent we can. I don't believe big picture that this is going to be a game changer in terms of the fundamentals of supply and demand for copper.
Richard Adkerson: As we got to the bottom of the Santa Rosa pit, we had some slope issues that kept us from extracting the high grade pushback down there, Oscar, to finish that off. So where we are trying to stabilize that and get back in there and get that ore, but it's not lost. It was just a timing change in the mine plan.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, I mean we are having to - the mill is performing so well. I mean, this is the industry's largest mill and that we are having to beat that mill and find ways of adjusting our mine plans to move production forward and all that is very positive from a value creation standpoint.
Richard Adkerson: El Abra was ground zero for the floods and in Northern Chile and Peru and our team there has done a great job in not only recovering for our operations but helping nearby communities to deal with their problems.
Richard Adkerson: It's too early to do that right now. We are focused on the initial project just is as we did that as we reviewing with our team, guys were brainstorm and saying, okay, we have this opportunity, this opportunity. The next stage will be to evaluate how those new opportunities match up with capital requirements for processing and so forth. So, we are going to be alert to studying it. But here and throughout our operations, we have got two years of real disciplined. We have got a plan. We are going to execute this plan. We are not going to get off course pursuing opportunities to aggressively right now. We are going to study things and make sure we get the benefits of this transition period behind us and then the world is going to open up to Freeport in a remarkable way.
Richard Adkerson: In the past, we have look at alternative structures. In other words, we have looked at potential opportunities to create partnership and create an entity that might or might not be consolidated. So we have left ourselves this option. It now appears that the best course of action considering all factors would be to debt finance it through PT-FI, but other alternatives may emerge as the reality of this thing occurring it's accepted in the marketplace.
Richard Adkerson: I'm pleased to say could not have gone better. It was a - as we talked about extensively to understated leading up to December and getting that step taken to resolve all the issues between us and the government. The partnership with Inalum is going very well. We have established the corporate structure where we have a shared Board of Commissioners, shared Board of Directors. We have an operating committee that FCX controls, that run this is operations at site but Inalum participate in it on a partnership basis. We have a total alignment of financial interest. Inalum financed the acquisition of Rio Tinto's interest in the joint venture through an international bond offering that we have facilitated. They need the cash flows to fund that. It's not government guaranteed. We are swapping ideas. They have got people working in our organization. We had represents of Inalum that are FCX managers meeting last week; we are participating in their Inalum functions. It's gone well during that six-month period. Indonesia has had Presidential elections, which kind of dominated public focus there. President, Joko Widodo, has now been officially cleared as having a new term. There is considerations we understand going on about the structure of government going forward. But, we couldn't be more pleased; the personal relationships are very positive. We have had the Inalum people visit us here in Phoenix to see our operations and meet our global team. So I couldn't be more pleased with the way things are going, and I anticipate this is going to be very successful going forward. As I said, we finally are in a position where our interests are totally aligned with the government of Indonesia and through this partner.
Richard Adkerson: It was incredibly tight throughout 2018. And going into 2019, we were literally - we supply a third or more of the downstream copper in the U.S. from our mines in the U.S.. We virtually do not import or export the copper in the U.S.. And we were having to back limited amounts of copper from traders to meet the demands of our customers. So they are some pockets of softening which are evident in the general economy, but overall, the markets remain tight. Many of our customers are very positive going forward, others are concerned about the trade issue and the ultimate impact on the global economy. But inventories you see their publicly reported, they are what they are and they're low by historical standards. So we continue to be at that crossroads and the crossroads are this trade issue going to result in broader economic impacts in China and the global economy or is this thing going to get resolved in a way that avoids those. Within China itself, the government is working very actively to offset areas of softness in their economy by stimulating investment - investing in infrastructure, pushing this Belts and Roads initiative to use excess capacity and they're having some success doing that, but it's a question mark that we or nobody has the answers to at this point.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. There is certainly no falling off the cliff situation with our customers. But as I said, there is concern and we are at a crossroads.
Richard Adkerson: Alright. So this is very unusual mining for us. We are almost surgically looking at what remains in the open pit to see what we can capture. And so it's not like having a typical mine plan where you have mining areas designated in a specific plan to do. We are literally mining access roads that go down there. We are narrowing access roads from what to what, Mark.
Richard Adkerson: And all of that is just taking advantage because, obviously, anything we can get from the pit is accelerating it. That ore would ultimately be mined in the block cave, but for several years out. So it's real value added, but difficult to say where we are going to be able to get this ore, and at the same time, we are monitoring very carefully, the interaction of the beginning of mining from the Grasberg Block Cave and the safety of the pit itself. And we have got a whole team with state-of-the-art measuring devices. And if there is there any question about safety, we are just going to stop, because the real value strategy for us is to develop these underground mines. And so this - a year ago, we didn't plan to have any mining in 2019 from the pit. And we started finding ways of doing it. Right now, we have added in a quarter and we will see - I think it's likely it will go beyond that could go into 2020 now, but it's uncertain. But I want to make the point, this is not like our traditional mine plans in the pit or for the underground. It's surgically finding areas that we can safely mine and taking the advantage.
Richard Adkerson: That is correct. As I said, we are going to stick with a very straightforward focused strategy. It was two years, not 18 months, as we ramp up and after we ramp up and get the benefit of these cash flows, my expectation is the dividend is going to grow.
Richard Adkerson: It is an administrative formality now. I mean the Energy and Mines Ministry has regulations and procedures to follow, and we have to adjust our plans as we adjust the mine plans for this limited open pit mining we are doing now. And so we had to follow those plans and the quotas get approved, and that is all it is to it.
Richard Adkerson: Well, let's see. We went into the year saying we had a two-year period. We have now got six months into that period and things are meeting milestones, going along plans. So as that occurs, our confidence is reaffirmed. Let me just say, we had confidence in our plan going into it. But I think I used the term earlier show me. Now, we have shown for six months. We are on target meeting targets, exceeding targets. So as time goes by, and we get to this ramp up; Mark and I had a conversation last week, I said, Mark, when we get this Grasberg Block Cave fully developed, how confident we are going to be in meeting quarterly targets and he said, well, Richard, we are going to have multiple draw points with ore available; if there is some mechanical issue in one, we can move to another and production blocks and so forth. So I made a comment earlier, it's like having multiple mines with one set of common infrastructure. So there will always be issues in mining. But we got so much back up, so many alternatives that we are confident that we are going to be able to meet our targets.
Richard Adkerson: And John, we - as you can appreciate, we are not going to comment on Oyu Tolgoi situation. But in our situation, we know this ground; this ore body at the Grasberg Block Cave, which is the biggest contributor to our future. It's the same ore that we have been mining for 30 years and we have drilled, I don't know, thousands of drill holes in it, and we have done all metallurgical test. And so we are demonstrating that we know the rock and it's as we keep saying, it's amenable for block cave mining in a very positive way. The separate or system, which literally started with the Ertsberg mine in the early 1970s and then is extended underground beginning in the early 1980s through - this is the fourth level of the same system that we keep going down again. We know the fundamental physical characteristics of the rock, what we encountered there, because as we have gotten deeper in that ore body, below the surface was this need to precondition the raw, but it's something that is consistent with what we have done in the past. Our challenges will be to manage wet muck which we've had in the IOZ, DOZ mines going forward, which we can manage, will have course material available to mix with ore so that we can manage that going forward. But we just don't have the same circumstances of unstable ground that others might face in commonly in the industry.
Richard Adkerson: And it is fair to say current copper prices would be unlikely to do this project in the future. I mean, you know, because it's got to bear the burden of in-country processing, which is - so anyway, it's a future opportunity and it does meet reserve standards at today's value, but I believe others in the industry are going to be fundamentally careful about investments pending the way the copper markets develop.
Richard Adkerson: Thank you all for participating in our call. We look forward to reporting, as I said is the story of the Freeport story unfolds. And if you have any follow-up questions, please contact David Joint. Thank you.
Mark Johnson: Yes. We have a full blown of team on the ground at Morenci right now, putting that one in place, and get ready to go to the next point after that.
Mark Johnson: Yes. As far as the undercutting and drawbelling, I don't think we were conservative in the GBC. We have some upside. We try to use a central estimate when we put our forecast together. We look at opportunities to be slightly better and where the risk would be or the challenges would be on the downside. We do have a lot of meters of development and in the undercutting right now, all of that drifting is well in advance of where the undercutting is taking place. So a lot of the undercut meters are essentially just the drilling and blasting the final stage of that. And so we are going to continue to use the central estimate way of forecasting, and this year, we are looking at having marginal upside on both the Deep MLZ and GBC in regard. On the Deep MLZ, obviously, this year, a lot of it was driven by our ramp up of the hydrofracking. In the second quarter, we commissioned our third hydrofracking pump and that went well. So we are continuing to see the cave respond to that preconditioning, and that will be something that we continue to press forward on and it was a learning curve for us. I'm proud to say that the group out there took that technology and ramped it up very quickly, and it's part of our day-to-day operations now in the Deep MLZ.
Mark Johnson: Yes. It's - obviously, there is a lot of moving parts in the block cave. We built crushing and conveying systems. We built the rail system. All of those - all the commissioning of that went very well. So that - as those developed and as we got the commissioning behind us, that led to this increased confidence. The cave propagation, as you can see in some of the slides, we have got two separate areas that we are developing and undercutting right now. The material is very amenable to the caving process. It's - we have tried to identify and explain the difference between it and Deep MLZ. So what we are seeing now in both of those areas are good. We are able to go in and pull the cave and it fills up the air gap and we are getting our processes in place when we do need to secondary blast, and all of those things are coming together. We are really transitioning from a development project to an operating project. And as we increase that confidence in the group's taking on a new role, all of that is coming into place very well.
Mark Johnson: Yes. This is Mark Johnson. We are looking at the potential of starting development in that in 2021. As Kathleen mentioned, we are looking at different plans. We do have some flexibility when that starts up, as Kathleen mentioned. It's not the largest - the recoveries particularly in gold right now are a challenge. We are doing some work on metallurgical studies to see if there may be a better sweet spot of the ore body to enhance the value. Some of those studies also may reduce some of the mill capital associated with the KL. It's a work in progress and it lends itself, it also ties into the common infrastructure that we built for the GBC and the Big Gossan. So we are poised to start that development we know where we will start. We know what we need to do longer term, and we are just trying to refine the timing of that and the actual footprint of the ore body.
Red Conger: So it's a combination of many things using this model, but it's a great way to bring our people together around facts and data versus opinion. So, it allows us to challenge paradigms, any rules of thumb or conservatism that we might have in managing the processes before. Now, we are doing it by fast and quick turnaround of information, as Richard mentioned, and it's truly a way to have your best day every day that you can take the conditions that are presented to you today and perform absolutely at the top opportunity available to us and see that every day. It also has our people working together much differently and collaboratively than they have in the past.
Red Conger: There is no fundamental change in the cost structure there and we expected to have stability issues quarter-to-quarter, but we expect long-term stability in our cost structure at Cerro Verde.
Red Conger: So that it was higher throughput, but lower grade, and Mark Johnson just reminded me we are recovering at El Abra from the flooding incident that happened in the first quarter. So there is a delta at El Abra on pounds as well.
Red Conger: Yes. John, we have continued to have real good performance there. We are at about 400 right now. And with this other analytics where that we have been talking about artificial intelligence, et cetera, we have even a higher target than that we are aiming for with this project. So that continues to go well and we are very upbeat about that.
