Kathleen Quirk: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Our results were released earlier this morning and a copy of the press release and slides for today's call are available on our website at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our 2017 Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. On the call today are Richard Adkerson, Red Conger, and Mike Kendrick. We also have Mark Johnson who has dialed into the call from our site in Papua, Indonesia. I'll start by briefly summarizing our financial results, and then turn the call over to Richard, who'll be reviewing our performance and outlook and using the prepared slide materials that are available on our website. Today, FCX reported net income attributable to common stock of $140 million, or $0.09 per share, in the fourth quarter of 2018 and $2.3 billion or $1.55 per share for the full year 2018. We had a number of special nonrecurring items in the quarter, these are detailed on Page – Roman numeral VII of our press release the charges netted to a net charge of $21 million or $0.02 a share. They included $331 million in charges related to disputed Cerro Verde royalty claims and some charges at PT-FI. These were largely offset by $310 million in tax credits and gains on asset sales. Excluding these net charges, our adjusted fourth quarter net income totaled $161 million or $0.11 per share. Our adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization or EBITDA, for fourth quarter 2018 totaled $885 million and we've got a reconciliation on Page 33 of our slide deck providing the EBITDA calculation. Our fourth quarter production totaled 841 million pounds of copper and 334,000 ounces of gold. Our production was higher than our sales which totaled 785 million pounds of copper and that was similar to our October 2018 guidance, but our gold sales of 266,000 ounces were about 64,000 ounces below our 2018 guidance. And this is purely a timing issue related to a delay in shipments at PT-FI late in the quarter associated with some unscheduled maintenance at the third-party operated Gresik smelter in Indonesia. So these sales were deferred from the fourth quarter. They will be shipped in the first quarter, but they had an approximate $80 million impact on our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA, this was just for the gold deferral. For the year, our sales of copper totaled 3.8 billion pounds, sales of gold totaled 2.4 million ounces and we sold 94 million pounds of molybdenum. Our fourth quarter realized price for copper was $2.75 per pound and that was 14% below the year ago quarterly average of $3.21 per pound. Gold realized prices in the quarter was $1255 per ounce and that compared to $1285 per ounce in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Our unit cost net of byproduct credits on a consolidated basis averaged $1.54 per pound of copper and a $1.7 for the full year. Operating cash flows for the year totaled $3.9 billion and those exceeded our capital expenditures of approximately $2 billion. We ended the year in a strong position from a cash liquidity position. We ended the year $4.2 billion of cash and consolidated debt totaled $11.1 billion. We have no borrowings under our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility. I'd now like to turn the call over to Richard, who will be referring to the materials, the slide presentation materials on our website.
Kathleen Quirk: And for the year Deep MLZ represents about 12% of our production, so relatively small percentage in 2019 and Grasberg Block Cave is under 10% for 2019. The rest of it will come from the open pit. The DOZ mine which has been operated for several years now is the other piece of this in addition to stockpiles and a small amount from Big Gossan as well.
Kathleen Quirk: And David, we will just point out on Slide 19 where we show capital expenditures, those are consolidated. And now we're bringing in all the aggregate capital from Indonesia whereas the previous structure was Rio Tinto. Their contribution was not included in our capital. So our capital spending really from what our previous guidance has not changed. We'll get under the economic arrangement we have with our new shareholder we'll have them make a contribution similar to what Rio Tinto would have otherwise done, but that won't be netted in our capital like it had been before. And with respect to the smelter, as Richard said, we are focused on, we're doing the front end engineering right now and while we're in those planning stages, we are going to work to try to find partners that may be interested in off take or other participation in the smelter. Ideally we'd like to structure the smelter similar to what we did with the original smelter we build in Indonesia where. PT-FI provided a contract to a smelter, project company that used that contract to finance the smelter, but we don't know yet. This is all new in terms of getting the deal done in Indonesia. So as we go forward, we're going to look to minimize equity contributions from FCX and look to try to find financing for the smelter as long term as possible to reflect the long term nature of the assets and the amortization of the smelter will have over time.
Kathleen Quirk: The other thing we're doing in for our North American projects is, we're going through some work right now, some technical work to try to bring down the capital intensity of investments and that we’re working on some of concentrator designs that may allow us to bring in projects from the lower capital intensity standpoint than what just a conventional technology would bring. So we want to get the results of that, those studies done and in the meantime we're doing some value engineering on the El Abra feasibility study so that we can be in a position to make decisions and rank these projects and sequence them in a way that drives the most value for our company. So we've got the inventory, but we want to do them in the most economic way that we can and so we're going through some time during this market uncertainty to study ways to bring down the capital intensity of the projects.
Kathleen Quirk: There's not anything major besides the underground and Safford, Lone Star. We do have some capital at El Abra that we're doing the next phase of the new leach pad at [indiscernible] to extend the life of our software [ph] project there. So it's the bulk of it is coming from Safford, I mean Lone Star and Grasberg underground.
Kathleen Quirk: We've got some payments worked into our plan where we are paying some amounts in installments under protest. We're going to continue to pursue legal strategy to get those payments back, but we do have some amounts going through our cash flows over time to pay on those obligations for those claims.
Kathleen Quirk: A big portion of it is related to the copper price change. We did do some drilling at Lone Star and actually have done more drilling that isn't reflected yet in 2018 reserves that will be incorporated into the mines in 2019, but most of that is really dealing with the price assumptions and what we'll do is look at how to develop those reserves over time at the lowest possible cost. And really just expanded the footprint brought in pounds that would meet the reserve criteria 250 or less.
Kathleen Quirk: And we'll be likely mining in our $2 reserve plan for a long time. So we try to keep mining in a plan that keeps the cash cost as low as possible. But this gives us more optionality to look at expansions or bringing metal forward over time.
Richard Adkerson: Okay, so Chris, you're exactly right. I mean you're reading the slides, the first half of the year the bulk of production at Grasberg is going to come from the open pit ramp mining and then by the end of the year the Grasberg Block Cave will be commencing production. We also over time have developed stockpiles of material that we will use to maintain as much throughput through our mill as we can, but that's been a long term plan to stockpile some lower than average grade material and that will be available for us as well.
Richard Adkerson: So Chris, with regard to ranking I'd be careful because we can get some fairly heated discussions internally about that. We started out with a base I think with El Abra. It's – for a mine that felt by this time would be depleted and when we acquired Phelps Dodge almost 12 years ago now, our subsequent core drilling and exploration now since it gives a really exciting opportunity. We own 51% of that mine. Codelco is our partner and Codelco is very positive about expansion. On the other hand, the U.S. has the benefits of the - that I mentioned, energy cost, labor flexibility which Chile is recognizing is an impediment to that country's future in the mining industry now and we own 100% of the mines. We own the land and sea here. And our workers drive their pickup trucks to work and carry lunch pails and send their kids to community and state schools and have hospitals. So there are a lot of advantages in the U.S. Leading the pack right now in terms of timing would be Bagdad. We’ve invested in water resources which is a constraint there. We've done some work on land rights for tailings disposal and it's less capital intensive, smaller, easy executional project. And then longer range we've got some very large projects to consider, Lone Star and at Morenci and even in New Mexico where our mines are very old, but as we can continue to keep drilling these old ore bodies we get excited about what we're seeing there. So it will be a horse race to decide what to do, not a decision we will reach. We'll continue our work throughout the year and report to you how that analysis is going. 
Richard Adkerson: All right, so we have been spending some planning money to date, we will continue with that. Significant capital spending won't come into play until 2020. And we are now engaged in conversations about potential partners, about financing structure and how that will be dealt with. So we've deferred that until we got our deal done, the deal is done. We're now actively pursuing that project and you can expect updates through 2019 as we go forward, but not much in the way of capital during 2019.
Richard Adkerson: And Dave, let me make a couple of side comments on all this. All of the issues related to capital allocations in the smelter were settled with Inalum during our negotiations. Rio Tinto was a great partner of ours since the mid 1990s, but there were some issues related to the smelter and cost allocations in the final years before they went up to 40% that were unresolved. We resolved those now and those are settled with Inalum in a fair way and in a way that was consistent with the Rio Tinto deal. And when you think about the smelter, Indonesia really is exposed to roughly 50% of the economics of the smelter through taxes and royalties. Now they have a 50% equity interest. So 70% to 75% of the economics of the smelter will be borne by the Government of Indonesia and Freeport's exposure to the smelter which in today's world and perceivable world will have an economic impact is limited to 25% to 30%. I think that's obvious, but I think it's something I just wanted to point out.
Richard Adkerson: So Dave, you and others read what other companies say and there is a consensus across the industry among the diversified companies that puts copper as a top priority of every company. I mean every company talks about that. And yet, as you point out the opportunities for investments are very limited just because of geology and politics and the nature of the ore bodies that are available to the industry right now. So over time I think there will be a strong desire for companies to try to expand their copper business and they're going to be limited by their ability to do that through exploration and development activities and I think that will add to the value of Freeport's assets. We don't have any strategy about M&A that's been formally adopted. We're going to be in the marketplace, looking for ways to increase shareholder value and that is the total focus of our company as we go forward. My long career in this industry, my observation is M&A opportunities emerge, people get in trouble when they try to force M&A ideas into a company's strategy, but they tend to be more, the good ones tend to be more opportunistic like our acquisition of Phelps Dodge wasn't a strategy that we planned. It was an opportunity that emerged because of the circumstances of Phelps Dodge, the circumstances of Freeport, the circumstances in the financial marketplace at the time and I think that'll drive, what we do in the future, opportunities.
Richard Adkerson: Well, having said that to be a buyer would be faces an uphill challenge with us because we have all these resources where we're not getting any credit for in our current valuation and if we create values in those undeveloped resources all of that goes to benefit our shareholders. If you buy anything you have to pay the other company shareholders something, so it would be a real uphill battle for us to find an acquisition opportunity that makes sense for us.
Richard Adkerson: Okay, so the changes at Deep MLZ are just part of the natural updates of outlooks and here at Freeport we don't have an annual planning process. We update our mine plans every quarter. Before - at the end of every quarter we have a meeting where all of our mine managers globally come in, analyze what’s happened in the past quarter, how their plans were changed. And so it's a dynamic real-time updating and when you see adjustments like that that just reflects the information that came into the quarter. You won't see having these big adjustments based on annual planning process. Anyway, my experience has shown me it's best to stay on top of these things real-time and that's what we do.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, that is, the fracking, we've seen a much better response than we first had anticipated the case propagating better than we anticipated vertically and were establishing this fracking along the perimeter of the cave to where we'll be able to successfully and safely advance the undercut, so it has gone slightly better than what we anticipated in the last forecast.
Richard Adkerson: We've added 50 of them and so we're doing things like that. Our entire age is going great, so when you look past all the issues at Freeport have been related to the Indonesian contract and the transition underground. We've had a big part of our business has just been focused on nuts and bolts and doing a great job of that.
Richard Adkerson: I don't think you can simplify, it it's not just like the price, the current price or whether it will last couple of quarters or not. We don't allow ourselves to focus on a price. That's what history has taught me. We look at a scenario of prices. We don't think that you're going to get to a price analysts used to get upset when because with me, because they said what's your long term price and I say we don’t have one. What we would do as we look at these projects is look at the market, see what the opportunity would create for us if we did the project and got those volumes and had the benefit of the prices that were available and then we would risk it. We would say okay, if you make that investment prices drop not on that project alone but how would that fit in to your total portfolio of assets? What would that do to the company? Is the company financially strong enough and we're so much better now than we have been. And how we fit in? We've benefited back, we undertook three projects at once coming out of the 2008, 2009 downturn. We did an expansion of thinking expansion at Morenci, the major expansion at Cerro Verde. And we looked at all of those and strategically we come back to the fact that you've got Grasberg there with this high volumes and significant cop a go component giving you this long line, low cost reserve. That was the whole basis for the Phelps Dodge deal. So as we look at future opportunities, we go this base for the company of Grasberg there is now de-risk in a major, major way to support our company and that will allow us to be more aggressive in terms of looking at those investments. It s not looking at them on a standalone basis. So, I can't give you a formula, but is we hopefully get past these trade issues and the Brexit and the government shutdown and get some clarity on what the Fed's interest rate policies are going to be and what the global economy is going to be and how China deals, all these things they'll come together and they'll give us a view as to what's the time to start these. You correctly pointed out they are very long term investments. The price of copper jumped to $5 today, we would have significant incremental production for six, seven years and so there's going to be a coming time, unless there's some really disaster economically in China and the world where you're likely to see really, really high copper price. I mean it's just, you just read the tea leaves, look at these basic numbers and say, how are you going to replace the top 10 mines in the world in 10 years. That's not going to come from what's on the schedule right now. The prices have got to go way up. People are going scrambling to produce copper. We've got the resources to do it in a productive way and that's what the future is going to be.
Richard Adkerson: And this is a team that was a world leader in [indiscernible] and SAG mill development, high pressure grinding mill development, the development of Tinchi [ph] was technically industry leading and now with this new mill design that we did at Morenci. All of that's coming together to allow us to look at the next stage of how do you do these things with less capital, less energy, less carbon emissions, all the things that better recoveries. Better recoveries and now using this big data analysis project that we've done at Bagdad, that's what we've got to this company is going to be about and I really look forward to having earnings calls talking about these things rather than negotiations with governments.
Richard Adkerson: Well, so with the sustaining capital some of that affects this ramp-up effect that we talked about. Not only you can constrain operations we choked by necessity, maintenance capital, and I mean these quarter meetings we had was, back and forth between the teams and our Kathleen and the financial staff, and so now we're having to go back and do some things that we had deferred and that's all that that is. And so, I think the sustaining capital that you see in those years should be more normal and we'll find ways to try to reduce it. There won't be any unexpected increases right, all right write that down. That won’t be coming in there. And then by 2020 we may well have clarity on where we're going next with El Abra, Bagdad and other things that we'll be dealing with. So we'll just, we'll be updating, the milestones will be apparent to all of you now, because every quarter we're going to be talking about it. And that's the way this will unfold.
Richard Adkerson: Okay, no we always knew that because of Indonesian mining law and regulations that we had to do 10 by 10 two 10-year and part of the negotiations were and that was the case with old contract, that was a primary term to 2021 then we had rights to 2041 in two 10-year increments, past 2021. So we always knew we had to deal with that, a focused area of negotiations where what was going to be the contingencies for that 2031 to 2041 and we ended up agreeing that there would be very specific criteria and we said that with those criteria met it would be automatic and those criteria are simply this. We pay our taxes and royalties, pay what's due, we build a smelter. Other than that, there's no environmental review or other administrative, no - we thought we could all come with our rights on to the cab, but the - the Indonesian Government had to grant those extensions without unreasonable - without any unreasonable delay. There are no reasonableness on this. It's measurable, specific criteria is totally expected by the government and by last that we will extend and now our partner Inalum well had to be extended. So we're in a much better position than we were under our [indiscernible] in many respects and this is one of them.
Richard Adkerson: We do, and one of the things that was again a focus point of negotiations was that within the shareholders agreement is an agreement on financial policy. Dividends will not be set by the Board of Commissioners or Board of Directors. There's an agreement that to the extent that cash is generated from the operation beyond in excess of its capital expenditures and other cash requirements, that's going to be distributed as dividends and there's no restrictions on that. So we have a set financial policy that goes to 2041. The entity can't incur debt without mutual agreement so…
Richard Adkerson: Yes, we've got extensive drainage within the grasp of blockade development. We end up fortunately for an underground mine our failsafe is that gravity drains out to the rich camp area. We've got the attics that are at a lower elevation. If the pumping systems were to go off the failsafe would be is that the access drifts are built to handle the peak flows that we've modeled. We put a lot of effort into deep watering along the periphery of the Grasberg Block Cave to keep the groundwater away from the cave and that's going well. We've got surface training systems at the Grasberg around the pit that will continue to maintain to minimize the amount of surface water that gets into the cave. We've done a lot of work on this we've looked at a lot of contingencies and we feel very good about the system that we have and essentially the pumping system that we put in is purely to more economically provide the mill with water. If it wasn't for the mill needing water we could essentially let gravity do its thing at the GDC with all the drainage systems that we're putting in as part of the Block Cave development.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, $1.75, that's sort of where we are now and that's what our current outlook is unless there's some major changes in the input cost.
Richard Adkerson: I was talking about the Americas combination. So if you look at South America, North America combined which we look at is kind of one business unit, that's where the combined rate was.
Richard Adkerson: This is not - the nature of these ore bodies, they're low grade, but they don't have significant declines in grade over time. They'll change year-to-year, but it's not a question like a big open pit war free where you mine the high grades first. I mean the highest grades remind you of 100 years ago. So it's more consistent grades than you might see at other mines, and you would see at other mines.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, so what we do is, we look at our current operations that we've got planned and we're just removing this artificial constraint on the footprint of the cone of the reserves that we previously limited to $2 and now it's extended to show what would be economic in $2.50.
Richard Adkerson: Right, but John with the exception of Lone Star it's mostly price change, there's not a lot of new drilling that that drives that change.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, Chris. In North America we brought out 2500 new employees last year in a very tight market. Truck drivers, equipment operators we've been very successful with. We're still a bit short on skilled craft, people, mechanics, electricians, those kinds of things were in type demand. We're very pleased with how our team has approached that and attracted great new employees to come work with us for the future and we don't see that as a deterrent to spending going forward.
Richard Adkerson: Okay, so you're exactly right. I mean, I really liked the analysis of switching from defense to offense, Tsunami. Three years ago the defense was survival with $20 billion of debt and not a clear cut path as to how we're going to get out of it. But we took some bitter pills, we sold assets, raised some capital, got that dealt with. Then we had the struggle with Indonesian, and three years ago we were at the point of filing an arbitration claim. And I stood in a press release in Jakarta and you know basically drew a line in the sand and now we work cooperatively to where you know the last press conference I had in Indonesia we were shaking hands and smiling and everybody was pleased to report we ended up with, so you're exactly right now. If you look at our debt repayment schedule, we don't have any near term debt requirements, and so as we look at the next two years if we do have to face a severe downturn in commodity prices, we can weather that, we can weather that without having to alter our long term mine plans. We will tighten again where we have to tighten and we'll respond to it, but it's not the critical situation we were in three years ago and so we can manage through that. If prices get higher during that period of time in that timeframe we're not likely to change our capital spending and to the extent we generate if they do allow us to generate excess cash, we'll use that for the reduce debt for the time being and that will accelerate our plans for future spending.
Mark Johnson: No, that's perfect. We've also ramped up the Big Gossan and it'll be at full production of 7000 tons a day by the third quarter and it will consistently supply about just over 10% of the copper and about 4% to 5% of the gold.
Mark Johnson: Yes, really the only difference on that is that with the hydro fracing success that we've had, we’ve began to pull the ore body now. We have them for the last three months and what's happening is, as we frac the ore body, we watch very closely the air gap between the muck pile and the cave back where that's very small in a lot of cases it's less than 5 meters.  We pull the material to continue to open up the space for the ore body to continue to propagate. And so that came on quicker than what we had previously forecasted, so we're continuing to do that today. We have days now on the Deep MLZ with the developments material that we, that is in ore grade also and the pulling of the cave were up over 10,000 tons which is marginally above what we had forecast last quarter. So we're very optimistic on that. We continue to frac in that area that's going to be one of our key milestones. We just recently commissioned our second hydro fracing pump. We've got six drill rigs, supplying the holes for the two hydro fracing pumps. So for me the deep MLZ it will be continued, the milestones will be continued success on the hydro fracing and we'll begin undercutting. We're forecasting to begin undercutting again in the Deep MLZ in April. So that will be driven by this continued success on the drill holes in the fracing, that goes along with them. In the Grasberg it's, there's really, it's just a matter now of undercutting and blasting drawbells and we've gotten off to a good start there were slightly ahead. And we don't see any issues there we've got a lot of development already in place in the undercut that we'll be developing over the next three years really. So it's just a continued ramp up of that, the trains and ongoing state of commissioning, but we see good progress on that. The ore flow was commissioned back in 2018 and really nothing that we need to do with the ore flow system in the next couple of years to meet the increasing production.
Mark Johnson: Yes, it's the first step, so it's significant in that the blast went well, good fragmentation. We are not - right now what we do until we hit a hydraulic radius in this area of the Grasberg Block Cave as we continue to do the same thing. We continue to undercut blasts and follow it up with a drawbell blast. We are about 50% of the hydraulic radius and that's the span with which the cave we had expected to start caving on its own. We expect to be at hydraulic radius late second quarter, early third quarter this year and at that point you can start to muck the drop points that you've already blasted while you continue to add new drop points as Richard stated the Grasberg Block Cave is - we've got multiple work areas there it's essentially – it's mineralization, but the geometry is essentially, we have two mines that we're developing concurrently that share the same infrastructure. We have two fronts right now that we already established with the undercut sequencing on the very southern portion of the ore body. And within this quarter we start to develop the northern limb of the ore body and that will continue on in a similar fashion. We don't see any surprises. Like Richard said, we know this ore body very well. We're not deep. There's the geology and mapping is indicated the same fracture frequency and consistency of the rock that we had initially modeled. So I really don't see any issues there in fact. You know we think that there's potential for upside, we've got a lot of the construction ahead in the Grasberg Block Cave a lot of the drawbells have been constructed and are ready to be blasted. So we've got a good inventory of development ahead of us. The infrastructure is in place. We continue to add ventilation and pumping systems as we need to, but we're in very good shape in the Grasberg Block Cave.
Mark Johnson: Yes, it was in the 1990, actually this was probably about 1995 because we found the big [indiscernible] with that.
Mark Johnson: One thing, as big as the pit is right now and if you look at what we're doing, we've been very good at being able to manage the pit bottom. We're only pumping about 2000 gallons a minute from the pit bottom and we have access to this [indiscernible] drift that Richard mentions, we still use that for pit dewatering. So we've been able to get keep the pit dewatered with a very minor amount of pumping infrastructure because we can use the access that we have underground and we'll continue to look at those sort of approaches with the GDC.
Mark Johnson: But in general, the maintenance costs that Richard referred to that we've been incurring catching up those all level of get back in sequence. And we get back to those historical rates
Mark Johnson: Yes, exactly because of expanding the cones for Bagdad, Sierrita, Cerro Verde, all of those byproduct molly operations, it took into material that was once outside the reserves and now it is in reserves.
Mark Johnson: Having said that we're working with states and local communities, and craft training and trying to encourage people. We've invested a lot in facilities for our employees, particularly at Morenci it's a challenge to get people to live in these remote rural communities and we're working with universities. We're looking beyond just truck drivers, but we're working with universities now to define future leaders in engineering, metallurgy, geology and technical skills. So it's a real problem. It's coming problem and we've given it a lot of thought, investment and community activity work to try to deal with it.
Alex Hacking: Good morning, Richard and Kathleen. I guess, just following up on Indonesia, my first question, I noticed that the mining rights have been extended through 2031 at a 10-year period, not 2041. Was that always expected to be the case? And then secondly, the extension there was contingent on building the smelter and I guess paying taxes and royalties and any other contingencies on that extension? Thanks.
Alex Hacking: Okay, thanks Richard, that's very clear. And then once Grasberg is through the transition it's going to be a big cash cow, do you have any kind of guarantees on your ability to get that cash out of Indonesia? Thanks.
Alex Hacking: Okay, thanks. Again, very clear and then just one final one if I may. On the Cerro Verde royalty dispute, do you anticipate any midterm cash flow impacts from that and does it affect your 2019 cost guidance in anyway? Thanks.
