Kathleen Quirk: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Freeport McMoran conference call. Earlier this morning we reported our fourth quarter and year-end 2021 operating and financial results and a copy of today's press release and slides are available on our website at FCX.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin today's comments, we'd like to remind everyone that our press release and certain of our comments on today's call include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our SEC filings. On the call with me today are Richard Adkerson, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Johnson, who heads up our Indonesian Operations; Josh Olmsted, who heads up our Americas Business; Mike Kendrick, who leads Molybdenum business; we’ve also have Rick Coleman and Cory Stevens, who support our team with engineering and construction, technical services and support for our growth projects; and Steve Higgins, our Chief Administrative Officer. I'll start by briefly summarizing our financial results, and then I'll turn over the call to Richard who'll review the slide materials on our -- in our presentation. And I'll make some comments, and then we'll open up the call for questions. Today, FCX reported fourth quarter 2021 net income attributable to common stock of $1.1 billion or $0.74 per share, and adjusted net income after excluding net charges totaling $0.3 billion or $0.21 per share was $1.4 billion or $0.96 per share for the quarter. For the year ended 2021, our net income attributable to common stock totaled $4.3 billion, $2.90 per share, and adjusted net income totaled $4.6 billion or $3.13 per share. We have a reconciliation of our adjusted net income on VII in as part of today's release. Our adjusted earnings before interest taxes and depreciation for the fourth quarter totaled $3.2 billion and for the year totaled $10.9 billion. We've got a reconciliation of our EBITDA calculations on Page 43 of our presentation materials. Our team delivered great volume growth during the year, our copper sales of over a billion pounds during the fourth quarter, approximated our guidance going into the period. And for the year we sold 3.8 billion pounds of copper that was a 19% increase from 2020. Our fourth quarter 2021 gold sales of 395,000 ounces or about 5% above our guidance went into the quarter. And that reflected higher throughput rates in Indonesia. Our annual gold sales totaled 1.4 million ounces for the year and were 59% above the 2020 total. We benefited during the quarter from positive pricing for copper. Our average realized price of $4.42 per pound in the fourth quarter was more than $1 per pound higher than the fourth quarter of 2020. Our realized gold price of $1,808 per ounce was slightly below the year-ago quarter. And our results also benefited from improved molybdenum prices, our realization in the fourth quarter of 2021 of over $19 per pound was almost double the year-ago periods realization. Unit net cash costs during the fourth quarter averaged $1.29 per pound of copper. That was slightly above our estimate of $1.26 going into the quarter, but that reflected a charge -- a non-recurring charge associated with the successful completion of our multi-year collective labor agreements at Cerro Verde in Peru. Strong cash flow generation again during the quarter, we generated $2.3 billion of operating cash flows. And for the year we generated $7.7 billion of operating cash flow, and that exceeded our capital spending of $2.1 billion for the year. As you saw in November of 2021, our board approved a new share purchase program, authorizing purchases of up to $3 billion of FCX common stock. Through January 25, we acquired 15.4 million shares at a total cost of $600 million and that was an average price of $39 per share. The board also approved in November, an increase in common stock dividends for 2022, effectively doubling our common stock dividend. And on December 22, we declared dividends totaling $0.15 per share that will be paid on February 1 of this year to shareholders of record as of January 14. Our balance sheet is strong. You'll see that in the results. The net debt at the end of the year, totaled $1.4 billion. And we had no borrowings under our $3.5 billion revolver. So we've got strong liquidity with $8 billion of cash at the end of 2021. I'd now like to turn the call over to Richard who'll be referring to our presentation materials on our website.
Kathleen Quirk: Emily, we are starting feasibility of that project now. And we've been working on various scoping level studies over the past several years, as we've been discussing, but we are starting the feasibility study, and that will really define the final cost estimates. But we think it'll be efficient, because we've got a lot of infrastructure already there. We're adding a new concentrator that really take into account the efficiencies that we've gained that Bagdad existing concentrator in recent years. And once we go forward and get the feasibility studies done, we have a limited permitting process we believe and that's what gives us hope that that project could be in operation in 2026. The economics of it will be -- we believe will be positive in really advancing in an efficient matter -- manner the production that double the production there, because it is a very long reserve life approximating roughly 80 years. And so we're bringing that, looking to bring that value forward.
Kathleen Quirk: We do have a small amount of benefit factored into our guidance from some early successes at Morenci. But that's just a very small fraction of what we expect to get. We do have some, and this is unfolding, Chris. So it's going to be evolving as we go. But we've kind of internally said, let's go after trying to get 100 million pounds to 200 million pounds from this -- in the near-term. And so where we're looking to gradually improve where we are in 2022, and you'll be hearing more about it. But from a cost standpoint, if you think about where the incremental costs of this is. We've got much of this materials already in our leach stockpiles. So we've already expanded the funds to mine it, and it's in stock piles. And so it's a very low incremental cost to be able to recover it. So that's the opportunity for us, as we look at it having low incremental capital to go after it low incremental operating costs. We have latent tank house capacity, Josh mentioned. We're filling the tank house at Safford. But at all of our mines, we've got some tank house capacity that that we can fill, if we're able to get more recoveries. So economically, this is a real opportunity for us. But when you're talking about 100 million pounds to 200 million pounds, and we've got 38 billion pounds of material and stockpiles, that's a small amount, but it does have value to us. And we hope to go capture it. But in terms of this being a sea change for supply for the industry. We just don't -- we don't see it, it'll take time. And it'll come out over time. But it is, it's a meaningful value opportunity for us as a company given our set of circumstances with the large stockpiles in the latent tank house capacity. And Cory I don't know if you want to add anything to that. But that's where we are with it.
Kathleen Quirk: And Alex, I think if you were asking about specifically Bagdad with respect to the financial policy, the answer is yes. In terms of how we will treat that 50% that we're retaining of free cash flow. We're earmarking for future investments and growth as well as to maintain our balance sheet. So that's how we're thinking about it.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes, well and part of it too is waiting, waiting the low cost in Indonesia to the higher costs in the U.S. and South America. So that's why you're not seeing much fluctuation between the first quarter and the full-year.
Kathleen Quirk: Our board reviews it on a regular basis formally, it's at least annually, but it's something that we review with the board on an ongoing basis.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, John, we have two primary molybdenum mines in Colorado, the Climax mine and the Henderson mine and we did cut back production from those mines, when the market was in a different situation than it is today. But we do have the opportunity to expand production from our primary mines, particularly at Climax and we're doing some work now to advance some stripping activities, so that we do have more flexibility in the future to raise our primary molybdenum mine production to respond to this increased demand and limited supplies of Bolivia. So we do have a lot of optionality in our primary mine for molybdenum.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes, so as we're thinking about it John, the capital costs, amortization over the long period of the smelter will essentially offset the duty. And then really, when you look at the operating costs, the cash operating costs of the smelter, it shouldn't be that much different than exporting than TCRCs, so that's kind of how we were thinking about the two elements.
Kathleen Quirk: Specific to '23 versus '24, we do have some lower grades in some of the U.S. operations, notably at Morenci and some slightly lower grades at Cerro Verde from '23 to '24. But as we talked about earlier, we don't have anything in here for of any consequence for this leaching opportunity. And so we are all motivated to get additional volumes with low capital intensity from that leaching opportunity. And then we've got Bagdad coming in beyond that. And we've got a series of other opportunities as well. But that's, it's really some grade as Richard was talking about, we do have grades shifting from year-to-year and do have some lower grades in 2024 versus '23.
Kathleen Quirk: On the KL, all of our economics will run on the basis of the 2041. So if we are successful in extending it, there's going to be a lot more reserves from KL and other orebodies that come in. But we've run the economics in our plans based on the 2041 date, and it's a very attractive project that Mark can talk to you more about this but we're really leveraging all the learnings that we gained from Deep MLZ and Grasberg Block Cave to continue our momentum in extending development and leverages off of all the infrastructure we have there. So it's really a good project on its own. And we'll just be even better if we're able to extend beyond the 2041.
Kathleen Quirk: Mike Kendrick is on the line. And he can share with you some of our feelings about the outlook for demand from Moly.
Kathleen Quirk: Yes, and you saw we had a benefit, a large benefit during 2021. A big portion of that is the timing of our tax payments internationally. You generally paying on the prior-year schedule. And so there's some timing variances when you have rising volumes or rising profitability. And so that's just the timing of tax payments.
Richard Adkerson: Thank you. Cory Stevens, by the way is stepping up to lead our project development engineering and he is the key guy leading us on this -- in this deal. And Chris, in an earlier life back in the 80s, I was working in the oil and gas business when the shale business really got initially kicked off. And so this team here will tell you, I'm always looking around corners to say is there some kind of shale, oil and gas development it could change the industry like that did for the petroleum industry. And this is a huge opportunity for us, huge in the sense of being able to add value of significance. But in terms of being a shallow kind of sea change for the industry, as Kathleen called it. We think that's not in the guards.
Richard Adkerson: There's no question. I mean, you just look at our situation at our El Abra. We would be in a different situation with El Abra this what. It's a political issues about royalties and the fiscal regime for our copper production in Chile were different. We would be moving more aggressively right now with El Abra. What we're doing is we're preparing ourselves to move forward, but we're not we're deferring any decision to move forward until we get some clarity from the government in Chile. And so that's just one example. There's no question. It's affecting people. It's some have stability agreements. And the question is, the government's going to honor stability agreements. You've seen recently in other countries where miners have had to go back and change deals were they thought they had firm contractual agreements. We had to make some concessions in Indonesia to get our issue with the government resolve there, which we did in a favorable basis. But that's just reality around the world today.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, well, in the U.S. I would make a distinction between Greenfield developments and brownfield developments. And all of our developments are Brownfield, it's places where we have established operations, and a solid track record of doing things in the right way. And we have developed a positive relationships with local communities and with governments, state, local governments, and with indigenous people. That's a different deal than trying to go in and developing a new mine, where there's not an existing mine, because mines inevitably significant mines have impacts on the physical environment where they operate on the local communities. There's competition for water resources. There's issues related to historical factors with indigenous people and all that make it much more complicated. You can tick off a list of projects in the U.S. that way. But there also international projects that face the same deal. So for us, the U.S. is particularly attractive, favorable tax situation, support for mines by communities. It's not true in other places in terms of having community, educational systems, health care systems. We were in other countries, we escalate and provide all that. So it's very attractive for us. We own all of our, virtually all of our lands in the U.S. and fee. So there's no royalties. And you think you look at the royalty rates that are being jacked up around the world, and that's a big difference. And then we have the company specific situation of having a significant net operating loss carry forward, maybe the only good. I'm trying to think was another, maybe the only good thing that came out on the oil and gas deal. We got a big NOL that protects us from taxes for years to come. Even though in U.S. we have lower tax rates, fundamentally than we do internationally. So for all those reasons, our established presence in the U.S. is really the big one that makes it so attractive to us.
Richard Adkerson: No, well, Bagdad is totally discretionary. I mean, we could continue to operate the existing scale of business that we have there. If that were to make sense, I think what the markets we're facing and the opportunities that that poses, it's highly likely we'll do it, but it is discretionary. And we will update the market on plans as we make commitments to go forward, which I expect us to do. And the point about Lone Star is, you can just look back at the other major projects around the world where to get to the mineral resource you have to sometimes take years of investment in stripping to remove overburden to get down to the ore. Here, we have the benefit of mining the overburden, which is oxide ore profitably. And by doing that, we are stripping that material that is overlays the sulfide resource. So it is tremendously beneficial to the long-term development this opportunity. And as I said, we're going to make money out of this oxide. And at the end of the day, we're continuing drilling, continuing economic studies. But I see a future of building a major mill complex at Lone Star to process this very large sulfide resources we're talking about is 50 billion tonnes of ore.
Richard Adkerson: You think about as Indonesia ramps up, fourth quarter was $0.08 a pound for the year it was on the order of less than $0.20, I don't know, $0.18, $0.19 per pound and we see costs going forward with higher volumes in that same range in Indonesia. So, it's a big factor in our business and our team has done a good job of controlling costs and we're like everybody else, we have our energy costs and other input costs are going up. So it's just what we have to deal with. But that was the whole basis for putting these companies together, back in 2007 was to match up the Indonesian assets, which is special because of its copper grades and its gold content with these lower grade mines in America, which are profitable but which have higher costs. And so that's just a carryover benefit for what we did so many years ago.
Richard Adkerson: Let me correct myself, I said 50 billion tonnes of ore at on start and 50 billion tonnes of copper resource.
Richard Adkerson: You can see the example for that what we did in the third quarter, when we started the policy of paying variable dividend buying stock back a year ago, when we started looking at this, we had planned to do that at our first meeting in 2022. But we have made such progress, markets were so good, we advanced it. So just a little color on the way we run Freeport, we don't have an annual planning process. We update our long-term plans every quarter and we go through a really disciplined process to do that. So everything is real time. So while we talked about looking at this financial policy on an annual basis, as Kathleen says, we talk with our board about it continually. And if things change, we don't limit ourselves to acting on any kind of straight jacket timeframe.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, we have preliminary talks, we really tried to address that years earlier. And it was just so complicated to get everything else done. It's in everybody's interest, all stakeholders interest for us to have a continuation of operations beyond 2041. It makes no sense for anybody for us to run this business with any kind of drop date. And so there's a broad acknowledgement that we need to do it. It's very preliminary, so I don't have the answers to your questions about how we structured, what we would mean. But I can say that these preliminary talks are being very well received. And there's a recognition that it's in everybody's interest for us to go beyond 2041.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, you're directionally right, John. And maybe we'll get back to you with some details, because I think some of the export numbers that you talked about are in the range of what we're doing it is $0.16 to $0.18. And we do pay this export duty while the cost for domestic processing at the smelter, will be much higher particularly when you provide for any kind of cost factor for the capital that will go into it, it will eliminate the export duty and so the net economic effect on PT-FI together with the fact that the cost of the smelter will be included in PT-FI's consolidated tax return. So any kind of cost to go through there will serve to reduce taxes. So the reduction in taxes not having to pay the export duty. In a broad sense offsets the economics to PT-FI buildings smelter.
Richard Adkerson: And that was a point that I think, I just don't have the numbers in front of me, John, but I don't think the cost of processing at PT smelting is as high as you indicated, the current deal, and we're expanding that smelter by 30% too as part of this effort to achieve the goal of in country processing. But it's a very efficient smelter. We built it back in the mid-90s. And it's kind of its world class in terms of its cost management.
Richard Adkerson: I'll like Kathleen, maybe Josh, talk to that. But I just make a point that these mine clan projections are subject to constant adjustments for various reasons that and some of them results in some volumes going from one year to another, but they all reflect steps taken to maximize the long-term values of the mine, we don't run these mines to achieve any kind of targeted, predetermined targets for volumes. But as I said, we have a dynamic, real time planning process in our goals throughout all those planning process is how do we maximize the long-term NPV and the resources that we have. And so you will, you look back at our history, there's continuous shifting of volumes from one year to the next and specifically.
Richard Adkerson: Just one quick comment on that. With all these years of uncertainty related to our deal with Indonesian government now, the 2041, we've done in the fact that we had such resources already discovered to fill up our mill and so forth. We haven't done much exploratory type drilling in Grasberg district for some time now. And so that's one of the main factors that makes it desirable for all stakeholders would be for us to have a deal that goes beyond 2041, which would then allow us to undertake more delineation core drilling, our exploratory core drilling, just look at that schematic that we had on the orebodies that are there, and where they're located and where they've come from. And historically, it's just clear that that while we don't know yet, because we haven't drilled it, but the high likelihood is there's a lot more resources there that haven't yet been identified.
Richard Adkerson: Yes, thank you all for participating in the call today. It is real pleasure to be able to report great progress our team is making and we look forward to continuing that progress and are really excited about what lies ahead for us. So thank you for your interest and if you have any further questions or need for follow-up, please contact David Joint and we will respond to you. Have a good day everyone.
