Kathleen L. Quirk: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to the Freeport-McMoRan fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our results released earlier this morning and a copy of the press release and slides for today's call are available on our website at fcx.com. Our call today is being broadcast live on the Internet, and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today. Before we begin our comments, we'd like to remind everyone that our press release today and certain of our comments on the call include forward-looking statements and actual results may differ materially. We'd like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. On the call today are Richard Adkerson, Jim Flores, Red Conger's here, Mark Johnson's here, as well as several other senior members of our team. I'll start by briefly summarizing the financial results and then turn the call over to Richard, who will be focusing today's discussion on how we are positioned in our operations and addressing our balance sheet in the current market environment. As usual, after our remarks, we'll open up the call for questions. Today, FCX reported a net loss attributable to common stock of $4.1 billion, $3.47 per share for the fourth quarter 2015. As indicated in the press release, where we have a reconciliation, the net loss included charges totaling $4.1 billion or $3.45 per share, primarily for the reduction of the carrying values of our oil and gas properties. After adjusting for these net charges, the fourth quarter 2015 adjusted net loss attributable to common stock totaled $21 million or $0.02 per share. Our adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, for the fourth quarter totaled $919 million. We have a reconciliation of that in our slide materials for your reference. The consolidated copper sales totaled 1.15 billion pounds in the fourth quarter. Our gold sales totaled 338,000 ounces. We sold 20 million pounds of molybdenum and 13.2 million barrels of oil equivalents during the quarter. Our average realized copper price was $2.18 per pound. That was below 2014's fourth quarter average of $2.95 per pound. Gold prices averaged $1,067per ounce in the fourth quarter of 2015. And our realized price for crude oil was $48.88 per barrel, which included $11 per barrel of realized cash gains on derivative contracts. We generated operating cash flows during the fourth quarter of $612 million and funded capital expenditures totaling $1.3 billion during the quarter. We ended the year with $20.4 billion in debt and consolidated cash was $224 million. As indicated in the release, since August of 2015, a total of $2 billion of gross proceeds have been raised under FCX's at-the-market equity program, including approximately $1 billion during the fourth quarter of 2015. And we ended the year with approximately 1.25 billion common shares outstanding and had no amounts drawn under our $4 billion bank credit facility. I'll turn the call over to Richard, who will be using the slide materials that are on our website.
Kathleen L. Quirk: But Tony, the numbers – this is Kathleen. The numbers that you were using included the spread and that's what's being removed. So, even though we're having to pay and satisfy these contractual obligations, we are reducing our overall cost by idling the rigs and not incurring additional cost to other contractors. And so, that's the objective here is to conserve cash. And as we've talked about, we benefit from having an inventory of wells already drilled. And so, we don't have to continue drilling and incurring the additional costs. And so, what we solve for is how do we get the best cash flow answer in this environment.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Yeah. I was going to say, Orest, it's in the $500 million range currently, and it's something that the states review on an ongoing basis along with the company to look at what those ultimate closure obligations are. So it's not a static number, but that's the approximate level currently.
James C. Flores: Well, Richard, more just a continuation of the direction you're going with the call because with the Board of Directors and with Richard's guidance and help working through the process of the 70% drop in crude oil, we brought CapEx 70% when you go 2014 through 2017, as you see pro forma. And we're going to right size to reflect the LOEs to the new environment, lease operating expenses as well G&A, as you mentioned. And then also, on top of that, as per the Board of Directors instructions, were also fully manned to support the strategic review process as we get third parties to evaluate the assets, and go forward, to give the board a view of – a clear look at what evaluation is of the oil and gas business currently and, go forward, we make the right decision at FCX.
James C. Flores: Yeah, Brian. That's a correct assessment when you look on historical cost basis and we look on a cost-forward basis of what we're doing on the LOE cost and fuel going down and so forth that we see a 20%, 25% reduction on LOE cost. Granted, we're not making a lot of money at $30 a barrel but we are not losing money in California on an LOE as-produced basis as we go forward through the year. There'll be a quarter where they'll be a negative. There'll be a quarter it will be a positive. So, we'll continue to maintain production out there if oil stays around $30, just to maintain the price upside option as long as it don't cost FCX any money. If oil goes to $20 obviously, you know, sustaining and so forth that would be a different ball game. We'll revisit your issue.
James C. Flores: Yeah. LOE and operating costs are basically the same thing. But operating costs also captures development activity like workovers and things of that nature which are production-sustaining operations which help build LOE. If you stop working over every well then you just get down to the base LOE, which is your – all your cost to run the oil fields without any capital investment. So, you drop those development activity and that's before any CapEx. And then, I'm just strictly on the LOE basis, you continue to cost, you manage your chemicals, you manage your trucking, you manage your employee levels and compensation and so forth to where they make sure the oil field continues to produce at least break even. You don't want to lose money producing oil at this point in time. And what Richard talked about in the Point Arguello, so forth, that's in the historical numbers. So, we see a reduction now in the low $20s of LOE by $22 to $22.50 a barrel on California going forward. And that's why $30 a barrel it will justify continuing to produce. Say, at $20 a barrel it would be another story so that – we hope they don't get to that point but you never know.
Richard C. Adkerson: Thanks a lot, Jim. Let's go to slide 19 and update our outlook for 2016. Copper sales at 5.1 billion pounds. And you can see gold, molybdenum and oil at 57.6 million barrels equivalent, 74% of which is oil. Unit cost, we talked about earlier, at $2 copper that would generate $3.4 billion of operating cash flows including the impact of idle rig cost. We got significant leverage to copper, of course, and we've reviewed capital expenditures. In looking at our sales profile, going into 2016 and 2017, you can see the level of copper sales, which reflects Cerro Verde, Grasberg's positive results and continued operations at our existing mines, net of our curtailed production. And you can see in 2017, as we complete mining the Grasberg open pit the significant volumes of gold that will be produced. And looking at the bottom of the slide, with oil and gas sales, even with the suspension of drilling activities, because of our past drilling successes and completing the tieback wells, we're not seeing a falloff in our oil and gas sales profile. 21 shows EBITDA cash flow numbers at various prices. At $2, this is the average of 2016-2017. $5 billion of EBITDA at $2, $3 billion of operating cash flow. And you can see our leverage to higher prices, and I again want to emphasize, we are also stress testing our business to respond to a scenario where prices may go lower. Looking at our debt levels, this is the focus of what we have to deal with, and we have to deal with it in today's marketplace. We have total debt at the end of December of just over $20 billion. We have adequate liquidity, as we go forward. We have very limited amounts, $200 million of debt maturing in 2016. We have no funds drawn under our $4 billion bank credit facility. I'm sure you all have followed the rating actions taken on our company and have also followed the rating agency's public comment about their broadly based reviews of credits in the metals and mining and energy sector. We have worked with agencies over the year to demonstrate our commitment to protecting our balance sheet, and we'll continue to do so. In light of the recent ratings actions and the sentiments by the rating agencies, we have prepared contingency plans to address our financial assurance obligations for our mining properties under a scenario where we're not investment-grade rated. We would develop plans that would allow us to address these in a fashion that would either not require or minimize using letters of credit under our bank credit facilities and we have a number of alternatives for doing that. So, we're working to come up with plans to reduce debt, to get our balance sheet stronger and improve our financial flexibility and protect our liquidity in the short run. So, we are – start out telling you we're serious and we are serious and focused to take advantage of our large scale current production base of resources. We've established these long lived reserves that are going to be there for the future of our company, and we have significant underdeveloped resources that will be available for the future. We're very proud and pleased to represent a global organization of such highly-qualified management, workers and people that we work with, they're first class in every respect. Our mining business, we've shown generates free cash flows at very low prices and we're taking prudent management steps and will continue to do so to respond to these market conditions. We are going to address our asset, our balance sheet debt levels through asset sales, other initiatives to raise capital, and we have the assets to do that. And throughout all of this, throughout all of this, we're going to have a positive outlook for our company based on the long-term global demand and supply fundamentals for the commodities that we produced and given our high-quality asset base. I know you have a lot of questions and I look forward to responding to them.
Richard C. Adkerson: The press is accurate in reporting that the Director General in Mining has raised that as a potential condition for getting our export license that there'd be a substantial deposit. We have responded that our view that that's inconsistent with the understanding we had with the government that we had made a commitment to progress the smelter project and we fulfilled that commitment to progress it. We have sites developed for it. We're working with our current partner in the Gresik smelter that we developed in the mid-1990s, that Gresik, Mitsubishi who will work with us as we're going forward. We're working with the contractor to do it. Our position is that we've met our obligations to the government. We developed an engineering procurement contract with Chiyoda, the Japanese engineering firm. And so, we are engaged in discussions with the government about that. And as I said, we have, as Freeport's management, full confidence that we're going to be able to get our export permit extended on mutually agreeable terms with the government.
Richard C. Adkerson: No. The cost of the rigs under the plans that we had in place at the third quarter were included in capital expenditures. We are engaged in discussions with the owners of those rigs, the other party to our contracts, in terms of restructuring the terms of the contracts in view of our new plan to idle all three of those rig cost. And what we've included in our estimate of idled rig cost is our expectation as to how these negotiations will be completed. They're not yet completed, but this is our expectation. It involves two things. One, a transfer of the amounts we pay to the drilling contractor under what we believe will be revised terms out of CapEx into idled rig cost. And then, we are taking also out of CapEx the cost of operating those rigs because our plans previously included a continuation of drilling activity. So, we're seeing not new cost, but restructured lower cost as a result of our plan to idle all three of the deepwater rigs.
Richard C. Adkerson: This all reflects our – we've restructured our plans, idle the rig cost, completing the wells that we could complete near-term to keep our production off, and most of those costs are early in 2016. So, it reflects our new plan to complete the wells that were available for completion, to suspend, stop drilling for new activities and what you're seeing is the net impact of those revised plans.
Richard C. Adkerson: ...which we had the ability to do that. And that was high cost. It's not a huge part of our production but it was a high-cost segment of our production.
Richard C. Adkerson: Essentially, what we have Brian is an operation out there at current levels of oil prices that's close to breakeven. But it is from terms of the value of that asset, it is highly, highly leveraged, of course, to oil prices and relatively small increases in the price of oil results in generating substantial values in that asset. So, it's a great asset for people who have an optimistic view about oil price recoveries, and we're reading more about that in today's marketplace. And so, it's an asset that today we can manage without losing money but preserving that value opportunity either for ourselves and for our buyer of the company.
Richard C. Adkerson: We would consider any operation and are considering any operation, every one of our assets are. Our objective is to respond to this market condition, respond to our balance sheet situation and find the place of where we can generate the most value to achieve that objective while preserving a business that's going to be valuable for our shareholders as we go forward. So, we are considering – we've talked about Grasberg, where we have this agreement to sell an additional 20% interest in a very valuable asset there, and we're looking at our assets across the board. We're finding that, as I feel, there are people in the marketplace who are taking a longer term view of the copper markets in a positive way. And we're engaged in active discussions with people on a number of alternative overlapping possibilities. I know everyone would like to be more specific now. I would like to be more specific now. The situation has developed in a negative way very quickly and aggressively, and we're responding to it. And we will report to you at a time when we can be more specific. But today, we can't.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, as I said, our strategic focus is around our mining business, so that's going to be the focus. We are looking to see what market opportunities we have available to us with our oil and gas asset to generate value, and we're going to assess how to do that either near term or over time. I mean, we are not going to make irrational decisions based on just current market conditions. But we have a number of interested parties who are anxious to talk with us about how we might go forward with it. But our strategic focus for the company is clear. That was established back in our October timeframe. We talked about restructuring our board. The strategic focus of our company is on our copper and related minerals businesses.
Richard C. Adkerson: We are going to find the best opportunity to achieve our goals. And if that involves that sale of assets in their entirety, we will do that. Now, it's just where the company is. It's not something – we don't like selling equity at these prices. We don't like selling assets that we know are going to be valuable in the long run. But we have a big portfolio of assets, a big portfolio of reserves, and that's what's going to give us the chance to deal with this current problem and come out of this as a profitable company that's going to be of long-term values for our shareholders. So, we're going to be measuring how to deal with the balance sheet issues and how to create long-term value from a sized-down business to deal with the near-term problems.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes. We still have the contracts, and we're going to live up to our contractual obligations, okay. Now, what we're doing is, when you operate these deepwater rigs, you have to pay the drilling contractor and those have been in the range of $500,000 to $600,000 a day, and then you incur, in past times, a similar amount in operating them. So, our plan now, eliminate the cost of operating them as the rigs will be idled, and we're negotiating with the drilling rig companies to reduce our near-term financial obligations in some mutually-accepted way that recognizes the value the contractors have in the contract and they're working with us to be responsive to our desires to reduce near-term cash requirements.
Richard C. Adkerson: I mean these are the best drilling rigs in the world. We've got attractive prospects to drill and because of market conditions and our company's financial position, we're having to take these really tough decision to idle these, just like we're having to make really tough decisions about selling interest in our mining properties. I mean, we are where we are. We can't wish the market away. We can't wish this debt away. We've got to deal with it, and that's the hard decisions that we're making.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah. On that order, yeah. I mean, it's really important to us. Indonesia has been a interesting, complicated country to work in over the 40 years that we've been there. And we've been through lots of changes, about as many changes as you can imagine with a country. And we have successfully managed our way through those changes over 40 years. It's important to us, but please remember, this is important to Indonesia. I mean, where we operate in Papua, which is a challenging political, socio-economic region of Indonesia that's important to the country strategically, in our area where we employ over 30,000 workers, we represent, in the province we work in, over 90% of their economy. The taxes, the employment, the exports that we generate for the country of Indonesia is important to the country as a whole. Like all countries around the world and all developing countries in Asia, Indonesia is being challenged by the downturn in China and the global economy, and so we're important to them as they are important to us. And Indonesia, today, is a true democracy where there's a freedom of the press and political figures are free to comment on it. That's a good thing. And some of the comments reflect, as we see around the world and to a significant degree here in the United States, a feeling of nationalism. Witness (01:00:41) comments that are made about free trade here in the United States. And so what you're reading is the functioning of a democratic system where people have views about nationalism. Underlying that is a company that's been a long-term investor in Indonesia that has plans to make significant investments in developing the underground resources that we have there that provides employment and economic benefits to a province that is in very much of need of development as Papua and as a country that's in need of this. And so we have a mutual need for each other. It's a mutual need and that's what's going to lead us to finding a resolution of these issues that's mutually acceptable to both sides. And we're doing this in a positive way.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, Tony, you've been working with us for so many years. You will recall that, you go back a number of years and that drop-off was much more steep then than it is now, we've had great success in expanding our ore bodies there. In the third quarter, we began producing from the deep MLZ mine, which is an extension of our underground block-caving operations that started in the early 1980s. This is the most recent significant extension to it. It's very high grades of copper and gold, a very long life. That mine has come up to speed very efficiently. We are progressing with our underground development for the Grasberg underground ore to the block cave mine plants that we have. We're stockpiling ore to produce beyond 2017. This is where we are currently with our plans is what you see, as you say, in the slide deck. And Mark Johnson and his team, with our team at jobsite, is working every day to see how we can minimize the impact of that transition. But it is a reality. It is a reality that there will be a transition because we can't begin mining the Grasberg underground ore body until we complete mining the pit, because the pit subsides and the ground falls in on the cave, so you physically can't do it. And yet, we're taking every step we can to mitigate that increase. That was one of our reasons for developing Cerro Verde. That was one of our reasons for developing Tenke and Morenci, was to drive volumes for us during that time period when we were making the transition to Grasberg. So what you see today is our best estimate of where we are. We're going to work to do our dead level best to improve that. We've had success in the past of doing that. We've got a great team working on it. And that's what we're working on.
Richard C. Adkerson: But we're very confident technically about our ability to do it. This organization has operated the most complex mine in the world, and I feel comfortable in saying that and I think the rest of the mining industry would agree with it, at 13,000 feet in the middle of Papua where it rains, absent El Niño, 200 inches to 400 inches a year, where we mine the pit, we mine the underground, we can do this. So technically, we're very comfortable and we're confident about working in Indonesia where we've been for over 40 years. It's complicated. I'm not going to underestimate the complications. But you got a team here that can handle it.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, Jeremy, you're very accurate in pointing out that we generate cash from our business there, and we need this cash. I mean, we need to reduce our debt levels. So we've adjusted it so far to take out the production that's not cash flow positive or marginally cash flow positive at the $2 level. And so with unit cost consolidated average $1.10 that reflects Grasberg, as Tony pointed out, but you look at our other properties in the Americas, that average is about $1.50 a pound, that generates substantial cash, which is something we need. But if this market deteriorates, if the worst predictions for China are true in terms of its economy shrinking and its demand for copper shrinks, then we have the assets that we'll further adjust to that. But at a $2 price level, we're where we need to be.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. Thanks, Jeremy. What we're looking at is reviewing and canvassing the market. We're making data available, we're making our management team available to discuss our assets to parties that might be interested in buying the business or might be interested in buying assets as part of the business. As you point out, it's a difficult marketplace. And yet, and I was listening to comments coming out of Davos and out of the financial community, this low oil price is ultimately going to have an impact on the level of oil that's being produced globally. It's putting pressure on producers here in the United States, but also producers in countries around the world. So ultimately, low prices will have an impact on supplies. And there are people out there who are making comments about how attractive it is to invest in natural resources at this point in the marketplace. So we're going to find out what the interests are, and it's a wide range of activities. We're not going to do anything dumb with these assets because we know what their values are and what their leverage to prices are. We're going to manage our balance sheet and, again, approach it in a way that creates long-term value for our shareholders.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. Well, let me take that in two steps. First of all, what we have signed are standard contracts for the offshore drilling industry. These are contracts that we had entered into that are similar to contracts that all other operators have entered into. And if you read, you can find that there are a number of other operators who are also idling rigs and doing this. So we can't get out of the contracts. I mean, they are what they are. They're standard. They have obligations that we have entered into. These contractors, as a company, we honor our contracts. So we start with that. We can't just get out of – we can't just...
Richard C. Adkerson: Now, what we're doing is minimizing the cost, given our contractual obligations. We're doing that, one, by idling the rigs, which involves the spread cost that we incur when the rigs are operating. And two, we're entering into negotiations with the contractor companies to mitigate the near-term cash obligations that we have in ways that we can mutually agree to that's in the benefit of both companies. And we have positive relationships and we want to maintain positive relationships with these contractors. They're very good companies. They're people that are – whoever operates this business in the long run is going to want to have good relationships with them. They want to have good relationships with us. They have very high quality rigs. And so it gives us a basis for talking with them, which they're doing, to try to achieve our objectives in ways that's consistent with their rights under the contract.
Richard C. Adkerson: In some respect, that's what we're doing right now. I mean, we're taking these drilling rigs and idling them to save cost. We're preserving this inventory of prospects for future drilling when market conditions warrant. We're maximizing cash that we get out of production by bringing on-stream some successful wells that we've drilled to keep our production levels up. We're cutting lease operating expenses that Jim talked about. We're reducing G&A. So we're doing what you call care and maintenance. And as you see, by 2017, we get our CapEx down to $600 million where it was $3 billion plus. So what you're saying this is what we're doing.
Richard C. Adkerson: And so – and that value is now owned by FCX as the owner of those assets. And we need to manage FCX's debt level and preserve the values that have been created. Now, the values are less now than they were two-and-a-half years ago because oil price have gone from over $100 to $30, just like our copper assets. The value that we put on ETFI, which is $16 billion reflecting today's market is a lot less than it was when copper prices were $3 or more. So we've got to recognize realities, but in the midst of all – and I said this earlier – in the midst of all of this noise about negative investor sentiment, about commodities in China and global growth, and in the midst of all the concerns about Freeport because of our debt level in Indonesia, we've got a great set of assets underlying this. And that's going to be our salvation and our opportunity to create a recovery and value for the future. That's why I'm still working here. I'm still invested in FCX stock and all of our team is as well. So that's what we're going to do.
Richard C. Adkerson: The bonds were issued as investment-grade rated company and they don't have restrictions. We recently restructured our bank credit facility so that we've agreed that half of any asset sales we have will be used to reduce debt. Practicality of it is we're going to use proceeds from asset sales to reduce debt. I mean, that's just what – that's why we're doing it. So there's not any real restriction now. We'll have to deal with our financial situation going forward. But the whole purpose of asset sales is to reduce debt. We're not going to be restoring investment activities until we solve the balance sheet problem and until market conditions improve.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, we're looking at all alternatives. We've completed these last two rounds. It goes without saying, none of us want to issue equity at these levels, none of us want to sell assets in this market, but we have to do what we have to do. And we're looking with our banks at what access to capital market transactions, private market transactions we might have. A lot of this is driven by our progress on our asset sales. And I'm encouraged by the opportunities that are emerging for us. So there's got to be a holistic answer to it, and we have to keep all options open. But at the present time, we're focused on what kind of opportunities we have in the asset sale joint venture arena.
Richard C. Adkerson: And it's not going to be something we do. I'm not giving you a specific timeframe on it. We're going to make significant progress, I believe, in the first half of the year, but we need to get our debt down over time into that range.
Richard C. Adkerson: We believe we have opportunities to deal with this in a way that would not eat into our line of credit. And we're working on those structures now and I don't want to go because of the state of analysis and considerations, but we've come up with some creative ideas about how to fulfill our obligations, which we will do. We're going to fulfill our obligations to states and the federal government, but we believe we can do it in a way that will preserve our credit facility, the availability on our credit facility.
Richard C. Adkerson: And Red Conger is here who manages our business in the Americas and in Africa, and Red's recently been to Peru, and can talk to you about our water situation there.
Richard C. Adkerson: And the water access that we've had for Cerro Verde is coming from this wastewater collection and treatment system that we built for the city of Arequipa. So it's providing a source of water for our expanded operations. The El Niño effect is giving concerns to farmers in the area, and that's caused some, let me say, discussions with us and with the city about our water access. And while we have to deal with that, the long-term solution for water at Cerro Verde has been a very innovative and successful one of working cooperatively with the community in Arequipa.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, it does include consideration of potential sales of oil and gas assets whether they're cash flow or not. It considers that. John, the point I was trying to make and I hope I got across is we have a number of alternatives. In fact, we're looking at all of our assets across the company's board to see how can we generate cash to reduce debt and how we can preserve values for long-term shareholders. So every one of our assets are being considered. And we are going to understand the market's interest, we're going to understand where we can find transactions and including potential for capital markets transactions that might involve placements of various types of securities. But we're looking across the board how can we achieve these two goals in the best fashion, how can we deal with our balance sheet, how we can come out of that with a company that can be there with significant cash flows, development opportunities for the long-run business. I know you would like and I would like to know exactly how we're going to do that, but the market is such that I can't tell you right now. But I can tell you, our commitment to it in our across-the-board consideration of alternatives.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yeah. We've been working very closely with Mark and his team to defer all the capital we can defer, and we've come up with some adjustments to mine plans and restructuring approaches to the long-term development of the resources, and that's reflected in our current plans. We are continuing with our investments to develop the underground ore bodies, the access to them and to prepare the Grasberg block cave for bringing it on stream beginning in roughly 2018 – beginning of 2018. So the review process is that's predicated on our ability to continue to export concentrate. So the current discussions we have about getting an extension for that export is important to those decisions to continue to invest. As I said, we are presently very confident that we are going to get this export permit arranged for us. But if there was any aspects of our work with the Government of Indonesia that would change that, then unfortunately we'd be forced to curtail development activities, curtail employment, take actions to preserve our company. We don't expect that to happen, but those are the sorts of things that were referenced in terms of the comment you saw about reviewing.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, as this thing is progressing, we're looking at what the capital costs would be, what are the potential sources of outside financing for that, and we're engaged in discussions with banks on that. To get financing, we have to have the contract extension done and we advised the government of that. And then potential partners would include our joint venture partner in Grasberg, it would include the operator of the project as potential. So that is still a work in progress.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. Thank you for your question. And thank everyone for your interest in the company and all the questions that you have. And we look forward to reporting progress on this plan as we go into 2016 further. Thanks.
