Richard Adkerson: Thank you, Kathleen, and thank you all for joining us. Kathleen will review the results of the quarter and our outlook and I'll join our team in responding to your questions. I'm pleased with our global team's responses to challenges we faced in the first quarter. You all know, mining is a tough business, that's evidenced by the recent reports throughout the industry. Who you are in our industry is defined by your responses to challenges. I'm very proud of who we are at Freeport. Our team in Indonesia, once again, proved resilient in overcoming a major flood event. Now, we're accustomed to dealing with rainfall at Grasberg. It's located high in the mountains of New Guinea, one of the wettest places on the globe. We just celebrated our 56th anniversary of operating there. Our systems are designed to handle significant rainfall. The intensity of the event we experienced in January was unusually severe. Our established systems prevented major damages. Our team bounced back quickly by taking immediate actions to restore production and mitigate future risk and we have a great start in the second quarter with operations there. Kathleen and I have made a series of trips to Indonesia in recent months. For me, it's personally gratifying to experience the markedly more positive attitudes there about Freeport than in years past. All this resulted from the partnership we established with the government in 2018, the success we have achieved in the multi-year large scale development of our underground operations, and the positive outlook for copper in the future. Grasberg has now returned to rank as the world's second largest copper mine. Our net cash cost of production at Grasberg in the first quarter was a negative $0.08 per pound. We're now working positively with the government to extend PT-FI's operating rights beyond 2041 in a way that benefits all stakeholders. At Cerro Verde, our team negotiated through a volatile period of political turmoil in Peru. Our team rallied around the community and our workforce to handle the situation in a remarkable fashion. Our US team is stepping up to overcome the challenges associated with labor availability in the United States. We appreciate the commitment and drive of the global Freeport team to reach our gold in challenging circumstances. Copper markets continue to be supported by low levels of inventories, China's accelerating economic recovery, and the ongoing positive global demand drivers for copper. Our customers continue to buy all the copper we can produce and seek more. As we move forward, copper miners will be required to expand production to meet demand. At Freeport, we're in a strong position to develop new sources of copper supply to grow our business from our vast brownfield resources and also to grow our business from the rapidly developing leach technology and the supporting data analytics. At Freeport, we benefit from strong franchises and support from communities where we operate. We are committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet. We have an exemplary track record for success and project and operations execution. Focused execution is the backbone of our culture at Freeport. We have a clearly defined strategy and a relentless drive for achieving long-term success. And Kathleen will now review our slides.
Richard Adkerson: Thanks, Chris. As you know well for a long time now, I've been saying that consolidation would come to our industry. It's inevitable because of the challenges in developing projects. And it's not just a price issue, it's really just the availability of actionable projects for companies to pursue and companies in our industry that are diversified companies have had copper at the top of their strategic list for a long time. It's notable of the overall lack of success in developing new projects. There have been a few, of course. So all those things come together and lead to what we're seeing going on right now with M&A activity. Now for us, we don't have a strategy of growing through M&A. We are focused on our large-scale inventory of reserves and resources that Kathleen described. And but that does not mean that we would not take advantage of opportunities that may arise. So we're not defining regions or any other criteria. We would only do something if it was clearly something that was value enhancing for our shareholders. So we're not in a position of looking for things to do. But now with our company having made such great progress in strengthening our balance sheet, completing the major underground conversion at Grasberg and advancing on all fronts, we would be in a position if an opportunity arises, but it would only be in that case.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. Thanks, Carlos. It's all of these things are happening in parallel with each other. To get the contract extension approved and there's widespread support for it within the government, requires some procedural actions to deal with existing government regulations and then also to amend the IUPK that we were granted in December of 2018, that would be a fairly simple process. So we are really encouraged by it. The June date, it has to do with this broader issue the country is pursuing with downstreaming for minerals broadly. And so that's why that was there. We don't anticipate that will be something that would limit our ability to continue operations beyond June. Anything more, Carlos, to be specific on it.
Richard Adkerson: And Kathleen is right that we have these legal rights that are documented, but I want to emphasize, we're working cooperatively with the government and not just pushing our legal rights and we're getting a good response from it.
Richard Adkerson: The government will decide really how to document it. There is a path forward for it to be done without formally going through new legislation. We do benefit now by having strong support within the parliament of Indonesia, who visited our operations, the parliamentary group overseeing mining came to the US and visited us here. So I just want to emphasize the whole tone has changed. The President visited our operations in late August, early September and it was a very positive. One of the highlights of my career there in Indonesia was his visits and we're building off of this to find the right way forward and do it in a way that everybody wins from it. The government would win, the local community, the workforce, suppliers to our business. So that's how we're working together to see how can we go forward and makes nobody benefits from us having any kind of drop dead date on operations there. It would really be hard to envision. And this 2041 date was in our original 1991 contract of work was carried forward in the 2018 IUPK and we actually have not done significant delineation drilling to see the extent of the resource beyond what's been necessary to fill up the production profile through 2041. And yet, in doing that, we have a very substantial resource beyond that already identified. But I'm really excited about the opportunity to go in and drill to see -- in the 30-plus year history of Grasberg, it always has gotten bigger over time. And I'm confident as we do more drilling, it will continue to be, to grow and be bigger just because of the nature of the ore system there and the grades that are available to us, it's really exciting. And so that's what we want to achieve with the government is to get the extension granted then undertake an active program of delineation. We only report reserves through 2041 and this would give us a chance to develop reserves beyond that date and to develop -- and to come up with plans for developing those reserves for future growth. It's just a great long-term asset as a base for our company for its future.
Richard Adkerson: Yes. Morenci is the world's largest leaching operation today, and it was where much of the modern leaching technology was originally developed decades ago. So I just wish I could have a good way of conveying the excitement of our team working on this. It's really fun to see. We're leaching everywhere and we're going to leach to the last drop. So it's -- and the benefits are just -- no permitting to do this kind of stuff. There's very little capital -- tank house capital, if it's necessary, is not significant in the bigger picture of things. And the climate -- the carbon emissions are -- so it's a winner on every respect, and that's why we're working cooperatively with other companies and with Jetti and focusing on what we can do on our own because we do it on our own, we capture all the economics for our shareholders. So it's a multifaceted deal and like I said it's really a lot of fun. It's injected a level of enthusiasm into our whole organization that's really fun to see.
Richard Adkerson: Well, it's not limited to the mining industry. Certainly, it's not restraining us with our efforts to advance leaching. But it's an issue that -- as I talk with other CEOs in the business roundtable, everywhere people are experiencing it. Some of it grew out of COVID in the way people are approaching life work styles as they go forward, but it's a real issue for us, and we're attacking it by aggressively recruiting for people, but also its spurring our efforts to see what can we do with technology to make our business less labor intensive. But it is a real issue in the US, not in Peru, Chile, Indonesia, but it's just a significant matter in the US.
Richard Adkerson: Kathleen, I'll start by just making a comment about Peru. There are different issues in different parts of the country of Peru. And the -- and our operations is located just off the outskirts of the city of Arequipa, in the Arequipa region. And while there were protests there, they weren't as large as a protest in other areas. And we did have some disruptions of personnel movement and supplies for a period of time. And in our region, it has improved. The issues have not been resolved in the country. And so that remains there as an ongoing risk. But as you look at this trajectory issue, I think, it's important to look at individual regions and see what's going on there and not assume that because we made such improvement that that's carried forward to the same extent in other regions. So it's complicated. This whole business is complicated, but that Peru is very complicated.
Richard Adkerson: So if you go back several years when the projects that are now coming on stream were first announced there were to be massive. There was projected massive surpluses in this calendar year and calendar year '24-'25 and those projects got delayed for different reasons, COVID hit, and they're not having the major surplus situation this year as markets basically balance and looking '24 there's potential services. But there's not new projects of significance coming on stream after that. So I would say that the supply side risk is more -- much more on the downside. We've seen issues related to meeting production, projections being higher for various reasons. The Peru situation and operational issues like we had in Indonesia occurred in other places. So I think for -- if you look back for a long-term history, supplies projections tend to be -- the projections tend to be higher than reality when experience actually happens. And I think that's where we are now. It's -- we have this leaching project, which gives us some upside. But overall, the risk, I think, are more on the downside.
Richard Adkerson: Well, Lawson, it's still uncertain. And while there were some -- from our perspective, some positive developments that have occurred since this process started, we're still waiting to see where it ends up. There's fiscal issues relating to royalties and taxes. There are also regulatory issues related to water use and other impacts on the environment. And bigger picture is better than it has been, but there's still significant uncertainties that we and other miners will wait to see how they play out.
Richard Adkerson: But having said that, and without underappreciating the uncertainties in today's world, I would say, for our industry, the economic situation has improved from where it was midyear last year. Throughout this, China's demand for copper in the second half of the year was strong. I believe it was the strongest second half that they've ever experienced. And we're encouraged by the GDP growth in 2023. We recognize the comments about it being driven by consumers and that there's continuing issues. Inflation has improved. And so I think the overall environment has improved in recent months. But as Kathleen said, that's not really what's driving our decisions. The Bagdad project faces worker issue, housing issues. Chile is restrained by continuing political uncertainties. But we're -- we believe all these projects will be needed by the world, they'll be very profitable for our shareholders. And so we're investing in them, planning for them and anticipating that the time will come when we execute on them.
Richard Adkerson: We appreciate your participation and your interest. If you have further questions, contact David Joint, and we'll be happy to respond to them. We look forward to reporting in the future on our progress.
Kathleen Quirk: I'll just point out that our IUPK that we entered into that Richard referred to in 2018 allows us to continue exports through -- at that point contemplated December 2023. And that has some force majeure provisions, which clearly the delays that we've experienced related to COVID and supply chains are force majeure. So our IUPK allows us to do it, but we need to get the approval from the government to put in this regulation after the IUPK was signed to restrict exports in a broad range and it's not defined which minerals they're trying to achieve. But we're working with the government. We are keeping them informed and they're visiting our copper smelter site. They're very impressed with the progress that we've made. Unfortunately, it's not going to be finished. It will be -- the construction will be substantially complete by the end of this year, but it won't be completely finished. And so we'll need the ability to continue to export. And importantly with the alignment we now have with the government ownership, it's very important for the government revenues as well for exports to continue. So we're going to continue to work on it. We don't have the extension beyond June yet, but we do expect to get it.
Kathleen Quirk: Brian, we have latent tank house capacity across the business of about 1 billion pounds a year. And it's in different places. But that is what makes this so compelling is that there really isn't a lot of incremental capital involved in these initiatives. So historical leach production, you go back decades, has declined over time. And we're just having a resurgence of what it once was. And this new data available to us that's telling us what's going on within the stockpiles is providing us with a road map to kind of have a renaissance of the prior leach production. So if need be, we could invest in new tank house capacity, but the low hanging fruit is, we've got latent tank house capacity at many of these sites. So we're really approaching this across the footprint. But the highest impact is to-date has been at Morenci. And that will likely be the lion's share of where we get additional pounds. But we have opportunities across the footprint. We also have inactive operations and active leach stockpiles that we can look to in the future. But the first -- the lowest hanging fruit and the highest value is in places where we're already leaching.
Kathleen Quirk: But, Brian, it's basically getting our mining rates up and also getting our plant and processing to reliability standards consistent with what we've experienced in the past. So some of the experience levels have impacted us for the reasons Richard just talked about. But this is -- these are things -- these are self-help items and we've already got efforts underway to work on it and a game plan for how we're working on, but it's an opportunity that we don't need to go do a major project to go get. And so, again, the leach initiative, the initial leach initiative and this self-help work that we're doing is some of the highest value opportunities we have in the near-term.
Kathleen Quirk: And Timna, you can look at slide 26, and that has our quarterly sales volumes for the balance of the year. The first quarter was impacted by these disruptions, but also we had the conversion to tolling in Indonesia, which we had projected going into the quarter. But you can see where we expected to be -- where we expect to be on a run rate for the balance of this year. And you can see very, very strong recovery from first quarter in the balance of 2023.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, the first quarter, we had $1.76, and we're projecting for the year to average $1.55. So our cost -- unit cost in the balance of the year will be less than they were in the first quarter. We talked about some of the inflationary items easing from last year and that's principally energy. We saw the big spike in energy starting around this time last year. And some of the other input costs that were exacerbated by the Russia-Ukraine situation. Some of those things have declined in East and so that's that is helpful. But we still have labor or services costs that were contracted for some of our components, equipment components, all those things are still with us in 2023. So we've got some elements of relief and some elements of costs that are higher. They're no higher than what we estimated at the beginning of this year, but still higher than they were last year.
Kathleen Quirk: John, I'll comment and Mike Kendrick can add to it. But partially, what happened in the first quarter was some of the same supply issues from moly that impacted copper. And the situation in South America, particularly in Peru, did have an impact on supplies. And at the same time, we were seeing some strong growth in demand. So there's extreme tightness in the first quarter and some of that got relieved in Peru when things started to return to more normal operations. We continue to see, as we look forward, demand drivers for moly being positive in the supply side, which will fall a lot like copper is it's just a challenge to bring on new supplies. And many times, as you know, in a copper mine that has byproduct moly when people get into trouble with operating constraints. Copper is the one that people try to maximize and sometimes may moly isn't maximized in those scenarios. But that was, I think, the main thing that occurred from a moly perspective on supply. And Mike, I don't know if you want to add. There's other things that we should add to that.
Kathleen Quirk: The first quarter, we had some significant taxes that was expected. We had some significant taxes that we paid in the first quarter related to the prior year period. And so we did not have distributions in the first quarter as that was used to fund those expenses. But we do expect that you'll see that line item increase throughout the year. We're generating a lot of free cash flow at PT-FI and at Cerro Verde and that those funds will be distributed. So in terms of thinking about it, we do provide some guidance on the impact of non-controlling interest on our net income and the estimates for cash flow are similar to that, maybe a bit lower than the earnings impact, but somewhere in that neighbourhood.
Kathleen Quirk: We're doing some things now to maintain optionality. We're planning some investments in desalinization which will not only benefit the opportunity for us to extend existing operations, but also give us some ability for the potential mill project. As we talked about earlier, we're doing some work on leaching, and that could continue to evolve our expectations about the design of the new expansion project. So we're keeping options open. We're making some advances to enhance that optionality. But the project at El Abra is very strong. We are in the process of updating our capital cost numbers to reflect what the current environment is. But El Abra has a huge resource. We're talking about potentially increasing production there and you saw the numbers in the press release I mean in our slide presentation. And that project is likely a project that will get done. It's a question of -- it's not if, it's when. And we're working to keep the analysis updated so that -- and move forward with some of these initiatives to put us in a position to move more quickly when we make the decision.
Kathleen Quirk: Richard, I'll take that one. We're really focused on our organic opportunities, then you see the portfolio we have, we're really fortunate to have organic growth that some others not everyone has within our industry. And as we've looked at greenfield opportunities over many years, you haven't seen huge greenfield success. It's rare. It's not -- we're not saying it can't be done, we keep our finger on the pulse of what the availability of greenfield is. But our focus is on our brownfield opportunities, the leach opportunities we had, someone noted earlier that it's a major top line if we can get this leach opportunity to reality. And so our focus is more on the lower risk more certainty around our brownfield opportunities while continuing to monitor what's available in greenfield. We spent a little bit of money on greenfield exploration. But our focus, because of our pipeline and asset profile, is focused more on brownfield.
Kathleen Quirk: Not really any significant change. This really gets to optionality. The work that we're doing on -- the early works, a lot of it relates to tailings infrastructure that we would have to do anyway several years out, but we'd have to do any way to support Bagdad's life of mine plans. And so this is bringing some of that forward, so that if we do decide to move forward with Bagdad, we'll be in a better position to bring it on more quickly. But it doesn't change. We still have the challenges of Bagdad of just not only just economic uncertainties, but the challenges of just housing and people for the project. But this project, the acceleration of the tailings infrastructure will give us options as we go forward. And that's what this is really all about for us is maintaining optionality within our portfolio to be able to, none of this happens overnight, but to potentially move more quickly. And when I say more quickly --
Kathleen Quirk: We looked at a number of options, John. This is not of water, and this isn't a big part of the project in terms of capital requirements. We thought this was the best option for reliable water for the project. But Corey I don't know if you want to add anything to that, but that was the thought process, but we did look into a number of options for water and designing the overall configuration.
