Kathleen Quirk: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to Freeport-McMoRan conference call. Earlier this morning, we reported our fourth quarter and full year 2023 operating and financial results. And a copy of today's press release and supplemental schedules and slides are available on our Web site at fcx.com. Our conference call today is being broadcast live on the Internet and anyone may listen to the call by accessing our website homepage and clicking on the webcast link for the conference call. In addition to analysts and investors, the financial press has been invited to listen to today's call and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website later today.  Before we begin our comments, we’d like to remind everyone that today's press release and certain of our comments on the call include non-GAAP measures and forward-looking statements and that actual results may differ materially. I would like to refer everyone to the cautionary language included in our press release and presentation materials and to the risk factors described in our SEC filings.  Also on the call with me today are Richard Adkerson, our Chairman and CEO; Maree Robertson, our Chief Financial Officer; Josh Olmsted, our COO of Americas; Mark Johnson, Operating Officer for Indonesia; Mike Kendrick, who runs our molybdenum business; and Steve Higgins, our Chief Administrative Officer. We'll start the call with some opening comments from Richard and then we will go through the slide presentation materials and then open up the call for your questions.  So I'll turn it over to Richard. Richard, go ahead.
Kathleen Quirk: I think it is somewhat of a new normal for the cost of a concentrator and related mining infrastructure. When you're dividing on the cost per ton, you're looking at how many pounds of copper are going to come out of that concentrator. And our US mines are characterized by relatively low ore grades, and Bagdad has relatively low copper ore grades but also has molybdenum kicker. So molybdenum would add something like 10 million pounds of molybdenum with an expansion. So that will be another benefit. But really, what we need to do is focus on -- it does bring down our overall cost per pound. So that's a big plus for us. When you look at an investment in the US, it may be to develop a relatively low grade mine. But something important to point out is that we don't have the tax burden in the US that you have in the international location. So I think our projects in the US, while they're low grade, when you cut through all the economics and you look at the ability for us to execute the projects and look at the risk associated with them are different than looking at a project in a different location. So there's some pluses or minuses that go into the bottom line. But we started this work on Bagdad some time ago and we've updated all of the capital costs in line with where current capital costs are. And so I think a reality of the market is that the incentive price to develop new copper, even if it's brownfield, is much higher than it has been in the past. And that's another reason why we believe that the markets that they need these copper units are going to have to adjust to the incentive prices required to get these projects going because we don't want to front run the market. We want to be prepared, we want to be -- have options to go forward as soon as we can. But we don't want to be in a position where we're investing in making major capital commitments before the market prices are telling us already.
Kathleen Quirk: In terms of the first quarter, we do have some gold that was not shipped in the fourth quarter that will be shipped in the first quarter. And so the relative gold-to-copper ratio impacts the first quarter and makes that less than what we expect the average to be for the full year. I don't know what -- Carlos, what you had in there for export duties, but we're assuming in Indonesia that those are continuing. We are continuing to discuss with the government of Indonesia the applicability of those duties. And I think the more that we make progress on the smelter the better our case there is. But that’s something we factored into the estimate but we are continuing to have that discussion. So if we are successful in reducing those duties that would be a benefit.
Kathleen Quirk: Our export -- it only applies to export volumes. And so as we go through the year, the exports will decline because we'll be ramping up the smelter. So our goal for 2024 is to get the full ramp up completed. And so that's not something that will continue long term the duties once we get the smelter up and running. But it will start to decline over the course of the second half as we ramp up and we produce more domestically.
Kathleen Quirk: Well, we hope it's not the new normal, Chris. We're working hard. I mean one of the things that you've got to take into account here is we are in a low grade period in the US. I think the grades that we had in 2023 were the lowest that they had been in probably 10 years or so or more. So we are in a period and that's continued in '24 where we do have some low grades that we're going through. But that is why it's so important for us to bring on units with a lower incremental cost and the leach opportunity will help us there. And as we are able to get those pounds put into reserves longer term, not just what you're mining that year or getting that year but multiyear reserve additions for the leach that spreads the cost -- all the costs over more reserves. And so it does help us with driving the economies of scale and why it's so important. We're not in a position now to say where costs could go. There's been a number of other factors that have -- inflation factors and things like the cost of basic parts and materials and supplies has gone up from where it was just two or three years ago, but we are very focused on it. And all of these self help things for us have very high rates of return. There's not a lot of capital involved. It's focused resources. It's not an easy thing because it would have been done already, but it is an area we think we can make improvements. We can also focus, which we're doing now on the last couple of years, we've had to rely more on contractors because of the staffing issues. But as we get staffing set up and get more experience in the workforce, we can reduce our reliance on contractors, as you probably know, have gotten expensive, and Arizona is a very competitive market. So we're working on all those things within the things that we have within our control and are really going to be focused on trying to drive the cost down. We're also looking at Morenci specifically at different configurations. We're looking at whether it makes sense for us to be operating all of our equipment like we are today and looking at if we cut back some things would that be the cost and benefits to that because that could have volume impacts as well. But is that a better setup, a more efficient setup that will allow us to drive costs lower. So we've got some of those initiatives that are being reviewed right now on what the right setup is given how costs have risen.
Kathleen Quirk: On the first part of the question, our current export license in Indonesia goes to May of 2024. And we are continually having discussions with the government of Indonesia about the fact that while we will be substantially complete on construction activities by the end of May, which is -- was really important target for us and for them that just the ordinary course of a smelter start-up, it takes five or six months to get through. And so we're having those discussions, they understand the situation. And they're encouraging us to continue to meet our targets and that those discussions will continue [Technical Difficulty] that the alignment that we have with the 51% ownership of the state-owned company mined ID in PT-FI's operations is really important here. That, combined with tax revenues, et cetera, that the government gets from having consistent operations at PT-FI is we're both aligned in that to have exports continue. So the conversations have been constructive to date but we've got to continue to progress it. And have those -- continuing to have the discussions with the government and we're doing that on a regular basis.
Kathleen Quirk: On the second question with respect to capital expenditures. We always go through a process of looking for opportunities to push out capital if it's not required in the current year. And we went through a process between the last update on this one to really look hard at what we could efficiently spend this year and cut back on some things. Some of that’s showing up in 2025. We'll do the same thing again because really what we want to do is deploy the capital as efficiently as we can and make sure we're sustaining the reliability of our operations, but also looking at -- we don't want to be doing too many things at one time. And so we always take a hard look at it. So we'll continue to do that as we go forward and manage the capital very carefully. But there wasn't really one big thing, there was a number of things that we did in looking at the prior estimate for 2024.
Kathleen Quirk: On the first part of the question, with respect to how we evaluate projects and returns, we don't target one number. We look at what the specific project is, what the execution risk is, where it's located. And we run a range of commodity price assumptions around it to look at. What we're really focused on in deploying capital is investing and putting our infrastructure and investments in places where we can execute the plan and in places where we've got long term reserves, because anybody that tells you they can get the copper price right is wrong because it's going to move up and down. And so what we want to have is a situation where we've got a very long life reserve where you can make that capital investment upfront and realize cash flows over a long period of time and not have to get the price forecast for copper perfect in the first year or two. And so when we look at returns, we're looking at those projects that have leverage to future copper. And we look at something outside of the US, we may apply higher risk factors and we look to get higher rates of return than what we would want to have in something like the US where for reasons that Richard talked about, have somewhat of a lower risk profile for us. But it is not one scientific number it's a range of scenarios that we run around a project. And again, looking at the resource and the size of the investment and our ability to generate returns over a long period of time that would be consistent, not that it would go away -- it would fall off, something that could be earned over a long period of time, has a long tail, which a lot of our projects do. And Richard might have some perspectives on the second question. I think it's obvious that there haven't been new projects sanctioned in our industry for some time. And what's happened recently in recent years with the copper prices rallying and then falling off has just caused more delays, more cautiousness by developers in developing the project. So I would say, in my opinion, the situation has become more significant because the projects are taking longer, not shorter. And we talked about when we started on Grasberg Underground, we started planning -- started investing 20 years ago in it. I mean you really have -- these are long lead time projects and we really need to have started investments. And that's why we're really focused on what can we do, continue to plan for these long term projects. So what else can we do and what can we do to take advantage of technology that's available to us and what can we do to get more out of the resources we already have, but not everybody has that ability. And Richard, I don't know if you want to add any comments to that second part.
Kathleen Quirk: Brian, if somebody else has the same situation, greenfield and the grades we have, it would be a lot more, a lot more expensive.
Kathleen Quirk: We're prioritizing the leach initiative. I mean that is one that's a no-brainer for us. It's very, very little capital that we're investing in it and very low increment -- it's our lowest incremental operating cost of anything in the US. And so that's a no-brainer. We're pursuing that regardless, that makes a ton of sense and we're pursuing that regardless. We think the world is going to need something beyond that, obviously. And so on the Bagdad thing, we just want to get it, get it to where -- continue to enhance the optionality in it, and we need to do some things anyway. We're doing some infrastructure on tailings that we would need to do anyway in the future, maybe not as quickly as what we would need with the new project, but we need to do those anyway. So we're going to do those to the extent we can do that efficiently. We want this autonomous thing that we're pursuing. Years ago, people thought you didn't really need autonomous in the US. But now, particularly in these remote locations, you really, really do when you consider the cost of the workforce and the housing limitations and that sort of thing and the opportunities to upscale our employees, we think it checks all of those boxes. So autonomous, we want that to see how that unfolds. So we don't have to pull the trigger on Bagdad now but we want to put it in a position where it can go forward. It makes sense if the world needs more copper to get copper from where we already have it. And so it does -- it's a good project, it's not a barn burner from an economic standpoint, right now. But it will have its day and I think it will get time at some point, it just we aren't predicting exactly when.
Kathleen Quirk: With respect to [Multiple Speakers] I was going to say Mark Johnson is on the line, he can add to it if you want. But with respect to December, it highlights, we got that SAG mill completed, the new SAG mill completed in December So really, that gave us the ability to put more ore throughput through the concentrators. And with the combination of higher grades and strong recoveries, we had a great month. Now we have the ability to continue to have strong performance. We achieved a lot of records in December but we do have the ability and some upside to continue that. That SAG mill was originally put in the plan because over time, we'll need the additional grinding capacity, et cetera, to take the ore that will be coming. But right now while we're in these higher grade sections, the more we can put through the mills the better the copper production will be. In terms of the $240 million, right now, we don't have $240 million in our plans. But over time, with the addition of Kucing Liar we'll have that capacity to do it. But having SAG 3 does give us some more opportunities in the near term to -- if we continue to have high rates of ore produced from the underground will give us some upside. A mine, we don't talk a lot about but one that we're going to try to keep improving on is the [Gossan] mine, it's a relatively small mine, but very, very high grade. And we've got some plans to bring in some additional, and that's reflected in the five year guidance, but some additional throughput from [Gossan] that will add copper production and gold production. And Mark, I don't know if you want to add into any of those comments.
Kathleen Quirk: On the time frame for the incremental 200 million, we have not given a specific time frame. We do feel we can get it done within a couple of years and we'll add whatever we can in the interim. This leach everywhere initiative that we have where we are accessing parts of stockpiles that hadn't been accessed before, getting access to some of the side slopes and some of the areas around the stockpile that we just didn't leach before, that's been a big driver of success and will continue to be. The other one that we're excited about is the targeted drilling. And through our data, we can see where you have situations where the solution that needs to get to the ore has been blocked for some reason over history, and this targeted drilling allows us to get access to it. We are testing this year some abilities to do that more at scale. And that is something that we're really interested to see how that develops and whether that will give us some additional incremental production. We haven't factored that into our plans at this point but we're going to continue to use these covers. We still don't have everything -- the stockpiles are so massive, covering -- spanning particularly Morenci, just miles of area. And so we're still doing the covers. We're still looking for other opportunities to get heat into the stockpiles. We're targeting some pyrite ores in some of our operations that have pyrite in the ores, that is a source of heat as well. But there are a number of things that we're working on that are not the big R&D effort, but things that we can do from an operational standpoint. But well stay tuned, we will -- this is a big initiative and stay tuned will, as we go forward, love to give you a little bit more as we go through 2024 in terms of the time frame. We haven't spent much capital on this initiative. We've already got the infrastructure -- basic infrastructure, the tank house capacity, this is copper that goes to a tank house, not a smelter. And we have already excess latent tank house capacity. We've spent some money but it doesn't round to anything really big. The operating cost, the incremental operating costs of this have been very low on the order of $1 per pound. And so it's just a really, really exciting opportunity for us to generate value. And so as we go forward, we don't see huge amounts of capital either that will come into play. When you get to this piece that's R&D, that's where we need to make sure that all these things can be applied and deployed at scale and can be economic but that thing is ongoing. But the first 400 million pounds we think that we can do that without spending a lot of capital.
Kathleen Quirk: On the dividend question, our Board reviews the financial policy on a regular basis. And we put in place the base dividend, the variable dividend and we've been paying at that level for some time now. We'll continue to review that with the Board. You can see from our results the financial results that we're projecting for 2024 look very good. But we always going to look at what's going on in the market and don't want to put ourselves in a position of running up debt, but we have a good balance sheet. So I don't want to front run anything. The Board will look at this on a regular basis but our financial position is in really excellent shape. The second question on TCRCs, we reach agreement, as you know, on long term TCRCs that are done on fixed contracts once a year. And since then, spot rates have come a lot, lot lower given the tightness in supply. We do sell some things on a spot basis but most of it is sold under these fixed contracts where we have the TCRCs fixed. The other thing is once we get the smelter in Indonesia up and running, we don't have -- we still have with Cerro Verde concentrate that we sell. But everything from Indonesia will be really just processed through our own smelters.
Kathleen Quirk: We appreciate it, everyone. If there are any follow-ups, feel free to call David and we're available to continue to discuss, and we'll report to you our progress throughout the year.
Richard Adkerson: Okay. Good morning, everyone. As you can see, our first quarter was really a sound quarter and outstanding in several respects in terms of our operations. It was really led by PT-FI during the whole year of 2023. We began our ramp up in 2019 of the underground and now we are fully operationally, and the team has been setting records consistently out there and have just outperformed for the full year and faced some really challenges, which is just part of that business. But I'm very proud of our PT-FI team at job site in Jakarta. We are making great progress and fulfilling our 2018 commitment to the government to invest in downstreaming and the copper concentrate business. In December, I was there for the inauguration of the expansion of the older smelter, PT Smelting with President Joko Widodo and that was a good event. And then with our new smelter at Manyar in Eastern Java, we reached an important 90% milestone at the end of the year and we're progressing for physical completion of the smelter and ramping it up on schedule in 2024. A couple of words about the markets. It continues to be the micro versus macro story. Notably, in 2023, the macro factors strengthened notably. 2023 had long been forecasted to be a year of surplus because of new mines coming on stream, but it ended up being a small deficit. And at the same time, there was stronger than expected demand for copper in the United States and in China despite all the issues with China's property business other sectors created a notable growth for copper in China. Then there were the supply shortfalls throughout the industry for some significant mines and these for range of factors that are kind of common to our business. The copper business, mining business is a tough business, but it was political issues in some countries, community issues and then operating issues. As a result of all that, inventories of copper around the world are at historically low levels and the inventory levels are really inconsistent with the current copper price. The copper price clearly being driven by macroeconomic factors. The currency, the strong US dollar, carryover effects of inflations, government fiscal policies, and there are concerns about economies in China and Europe. But if the macro outlook -- and I'll just say when the macro outlook improves, watch out for the copper price. Looking ahead, the world's going to need significantly more copper in the future for a variety of factors. The world's just becoming increasingly electrified and that's what copper is used for. And it's at a time when the industry is simply not investing to grow production that the outlook indicates that will be required for economic, operational and resource nationalism, a series of factors, but the facts are there's an outlook for strong demand and supply challenges. That's why I'm so personally confident about where Freeport is positioned and pleased with it. We have high volume existing production that's sustainable. We have large sustainable reserves and resources. We have growth opportunities that we will pursue prudently from this really exciting leaching initiative that Kathleen will be talking about and from brownfield expansions of our existing orebodies. Before turning over to Kathleen, I just want to send a note of condolences to our friends at Rio Tinto. You may have seen the news, but they had a plane to go down in Canada heading to their diamond operations there. Rio has been a special part of Freeport's history. Of course, they were our partners for many years at Grasberg. I have worked with six, seven, eight CEOs over my career. Some of my closest colleagues have been with that company. And the toughest part of being a CEO is to lose people and I'm just so sad to hear this news and the whole Freeport family's heart goes out to our friends at Rio.  With that Kathleen, I will turn over to you.
Richard Adkerson: Alex, let me just add very briefly that Kathleen makes a really good point about these relative economics. No royalties in the US. US tax rate is much lower -- federal tax rates much lower than outside the US. We have a net operating loss carryforward. Community support is strong in the US and we have no minority interest there. So looking at global benchmarks needs to be adjusted for the site specific factors that we have in the US, and they're very positive.
Richard Adkerson: Well, we're constantly monitoring the market and you can be confident that opportunities are available are presented to us and we consider them. The facts are we haven't found those attractive today. We have such great opportunities to create value totally for our shareholders by focusing on internal growth through the leach project, through the brownfield developments in the Americas, through the Kucing Liar project in Indonesia and now with expectation that we'll go beyond 2041, we're going to do additional exploration there to understand what the opportunities are. Success in any of those opportunities creates value where there's no value in our current share price. So it's all for the best of our shareholders and that makes it much more difficult for external opportunities to compete with them. And my experience has shown that small mines get smaller and big mines get bigger. So we really are, as I said in my opening comments, pleased about where Freeport is positioned for what we believe is going to be a great future for our company.
Richard Adkerson: And Kathleen, just let me add. They're not negotiations over this issue. The mine -- I mean I've spoken in recent months on at least three occasions directly with the President about it. He understands it, the Mines Minister who has the business background clearly understands it. It's just administrative procedurally they concluded not to grant that export rights beyond this date to see if we complete the smelter as we've committed to do it. But beyond that, it will be just be an administrative action to get it approved.
Richard Adkerson: Well, I'll add a brief comment to the first part too, Kathleen. My early experience in my career was in the oil and gas industry. And early on, Dan [indiscernible] and I wrote a paper on oil price forecasting, which basically evidenced how wrong forecasts can be. And so we approach, as Kathleen described, all of our investment and business planning on a scenario basis, not trying to predict a particular price or range of price but to look at what impact investment decisions and operating decisions have on our overall portfolio. And we look to protect ourselves on a portfolio basis from downside risk and then structure investments to take advantage of what we have is confidence in the long term price. So it's not any kind of formal rate of return kind of criteria that you see in a lot of industries, which work elsewhere, and have the saying that figures don't lie but liars figure. And so we just really base these things, as I said, on scenario planning and portfolio impacts. The basic thesis, I believe, for the demand for copper is unchanged and continues to be supported. From the very start my work with ICMM where I was Chairman, two occasions, but more recently when all the issues about aspirational goals for carbon reductions were being considered in such promise. I've always said that there are a lot of unanswered questions and the movement towards these aspirational goals will not be consistent, but they'll have issues, complications and so forth and that's certainly what we're seeing. The future of copper is really influenced significantly by investments in carbon reduction and I think it's something the world absolutely has to do. And there are other factors related to global growth, connectivity, these data centers, some of that's being driven by artificial intelligence. Just everywhere you turn, the world is getting more electrified. And that's why I think the fundamental long term demand thesis for copper is just getting stronger and stronger.
Richard Adkerson: A lot more. And your $4 is absolutely right. I mean you just look at recent projects and look at how costs escalate and then what would have taken from an incentive price to justify that project from the outset if the cost numbers have been known. So this is not that complicated. So it's not a greenfield project. We've operated there for 80 years or so. And it's about a straightforward project as you could have, but it's telling for the industry even with this kind of straightforward project the challenge you face. It's cost, it's tailings and we do benefit from infrastructure. This is just a mill expansion. It's not building a new mine. But then there's a challenge of getting workers and housing for workers. So all of this is real telling on the supply side -- I just talked about the demand side support for copper. So this is a great example of a simple project in terms of the relative complexities of projects in our industry, this is relatively simple. And yet, it faces these challenges of being economically justified in today's price. At the outset, I said today's copper price is not a price that’s adequate to stimulate the kind of investments that are going to be needed for this industry. And that's why we're optimistic about future prices.
Richard Adkerson: And Brian, we got a strong enough financial position that we can -- capital is not a barrier for us to do in projects that make sense.
Richard Adkerson: And you may have noted this, Kathleen, but importantly, there's no permitting issues. And that is a real challenge for any kind of project you do in terms of brownfield expansions and really tougher greenfield expansion. So here, no capital or operating costs, no permitting delays.
Richard Adkerson: And our contracts are long term in terms of volumes, but the TCRCs are renegotiated each year. And you raised a great point for those of you who haven't followed it, but the situation right now with smelters where they can't get concentrate to process is a real strong indicator of where this market is and where it's going.
