Richard C. Adkerson: Thanks, Kathleen. The -- obviously, a very active quarter for us. We've got a lot to talk about today with the Oil & Gas acquisitions of McMoRan and PXP. We're going to focus on the strong margins, cash flows, near-term and long-term growth opportunities that we have from these assets and how that complements the outlook for our mining business going forward. You will see that we really had strong operating performance in North America, South America and in Africa, and we will be focusing on that. Our results were significantly affected, of course, by this tragic accident that we had on May 14 in our PTF operations in Papua. And we had significantly lower volumes of copper and gold as a result of that. And also, we were impacted by the fact that our -- a lot of our costs are fixed and continued during the period we were shut down. After a period of grief and attention to the families and to our workforce and into the community as a result of the loss of life in this accident, we worked on safety procedures in coordination with the government and returned to operations in the open pit in the mill in June 24, roughly 6 weeks after the accident and began underground mining operations on July 9, almost 2 months later. And so that had an impact, and we want to make sure you understand what that meaned. We did advance our development projects in the mining business at Tenke, Morenci, at Cerro Verde, Grasberg underground development. We progressed with the Lucius development in our Oil & Gas business, major discovery that's looking to come onstream in the near term. We did have a $1 a share supplemental dividend paid on July 1 that was in conjunction with completing the mergers to go along with our regular $1.25 annual dividend. Kathleen mentioned this, but you'll hear more about it today, about our commitment to achieve our debt reduction targets. Even with lower commodity prices, which we had a lot of volatility during the second quarter and lower prices at the end of the quarter, uncertainty about the future with the impact of the Grasberg deferral of operations, with changes in plans, we have a set of assets that's going to allow us to achieve this targeted debt reduction, and you'll be hearing about our commitment to do that. Before we get into the specifics on these matters, I'm going to turn the mic over for Jim Bob to make some comments.
Richard C. Adkerson: Yes, Tony. Tony raises a good point, just so everyone's aware of it. We have this project at Cerro Verde that we've been working on now for a number of years. We suspended it in '08, '09, started in earnest in 2010. We own the rights to this resource because of our existing operations. So it is a project that, from an ownership standpoint, would not be affected if we decided to defer it. And that is an option for us going forward. There are several factors that lead us to want to continue with this project so long as we can achieve our balance sheet management through other means. One of those has to do with the very positive relationships that we've developed with the local community and with the central government in Peru. As all of you -- all of the mining industry know, that's really unusual for major projects in Peru, where there gets to be competition often around water rights, often around community issues, and there's opposition in many cases and controversy with projects. Our team has done a great job in positioning this project to date where we haven't had those issues. We've worked with the city of Arequipa, the nearby city of Arequipa, second-largest city in Peru, where we've developed a positive deal by providing that city of 1 million-plus people with freshwater system. We're accessing water for our expansion through a wastewater collection and processing system, where previously the city was just dumping wastewater into the river. Now it will be collected, treated and we'll have access to water. We have negotiated a new financial tax royalty stability agreement that's in place. A deferral would result in us having to give up that stability agreement and go back at some future date to deal with it. So there's obviously also cost to mobilization -- demobilization. You add all of that up, and with the other alternatives that we have of achieving our goals for this debt reduction, and also in view of our long-term positive view about the copper market, we are currently have our plans of continuing that project but noting that it is an alternative available to us if market conditions are such that we need to act on it.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, the -- our work in the underground development was interrupted for a period of time as a result of the accident. This is one area of our operations that throughout the strike and the labor issues of 2011, 2012, progressed very well. We have a great underground development team that Mark leads and our guys on the ground lead. And that was really -- that project was really, in many ways, going ahead of schedule for us. And so while this does represent a period of time where we had to divert attention away from it and we suspended operations, we don't feel that we are significantly off schedule for meeting our targets. Now as we get down to the last period of time of mining in the pit and so forth, there's likely to be changes as we try look for ways of maximizing the ore body. But at this point, we feel we'll be prepared to transition to underground when the time is right for just for information purposes. I know, Tony, you're well familiar with this. We've been mining -- we've been block caving since the early 1980s at Grasberg in a successful way. In our current full operating mode there, the underground operations provide more than 1/3 of the throughput to our mill and through our DOZ mine. We are also expanding that ore body at depth with a Deep MLZ zone, which is scheduled really to start in 2015. And so all of that gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to make this transition in an effective way. And we're going to be prepared for it. Mark, do you have...
Richard C. Adkerson: And I'll just point everybody to Slide 42 in your reference slides, which gives you a schedule of how this fits together.
Richard C. Adkerson: We have under our contract of work, which is a, as you know, Jorge, but just for -- to make sure that I say this. The contract has -- was adopted by the Indonesian government, has the status of law. And under that contract, it provides us the right to export our concentrates. In 2009, the government passed a law, which restrict exports of ore. The Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources has adopted a regulation that extends that to concentrates. And that's where you hear these comments that come out of Indonesia, which, as a democratic society, you hear a lot of comments as you do here in the press. So we are working in connection with seeking an extension of our contract, which we have the right to have that extension, requires government approval to find ways of working with the government cooperatively to reach a mutually satisfactory answer to this. We have advised the government that we will work with any entities that seeks to develop smelters. We have a commitment to supporting businesses in Indonesia but doing that in a way that protects the interest of our shareholders. And we are continuing those discussions. Recently, government officials have targeted completing our and others' contracts of work discussions this year, and we're prepared to do that and hopeful that, that will be successful and from a timing standpoint. But we have confidence, absolute confidence about our ability to continue to operate as evidenced by the investments we're making in our underground mines, which will be generating their cash flows essentially after 2021 when -- which is the extension period.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay. Thank you, Sal. The labor negotiations had just had their kick-off meeting in early May right before we had the accident on May 14. And so it was suspended until the last couple of weeks when we restarted our operations and the preliminary discussions have begun. There is a recognition by all interested parties, including the union, our management, the local community, the central government, that a strike would not be in anybody's interest. And so we start out from that standpoint. We had a framework for dealing with wage adjustments that was part of our agreement in 2011 in the last negotiations where we had the extended strike. We're certainly prepared to work with the union on a timely basis. The union has made public comments within the last week that they're targeting completing the negotiations quickly. And so that's the goal right now. I mean, so we will just continue to work and report to you as that progresses, but that's the framework that we're really starting the discussions right now.
Richard C. Adkerson: Thanks. We're focused on these expansion projects, and the expansion in Cerro Verde and Morenci is basically coming in on unit cost that's consistent with our current operations. At Tenke, that expansion also is unit cost is consistent with current operations. We keep working -- because of that high grades of that ore there, we believe we have the opportunity to drive the unit cost down. A lot of our costs are dealt with -- deal with logistics and power that are -- where we have cheap power now, but we have power supply concerns. And all of that just ties into doing business in that particular country, in that particular location. So we're focused on that. At Grasberg, transition to the underground period will allow that mine to continue as a world-class mine from a cost -- unit cost standpoint. And that all depend on the price of fuel, the price of gold and so forth, but it'll be high volumes, low cost. Then if you look beyond that, in the longer-range future for Freeport, is we have this enormous reserve base and resource base. We'll reach production levels of about 5 billion pounds a year and at $2 copper, we have proved and probable reserves of in excess of 120 billion or 100 billion pounds. And then we have resources beyond that of equivalent amounts of identified copper with our existing mines. Over half of that is in the United States, and it's typical of our current production, relatively low-grade, large resources, but we see those costs coming in consistent with the level of our current operations. So you need to -- just like I was talking about in the oil and gas business, you need to look at gas and oil separately. In our business, you need to look at Indonesia as one set of assets, Africa as one set of assets with tremendous growth opportunities, very high grades. And then in Americas, kind of the standard of what the global copper industry has available to it is resources that have relatively low grades. The thing that we have as a benefit in relation to the rest of the industry is ours are brownfield expansions. And the projects that are challenging are greenfield expansion with low grades and big infrastructure development, lots of pre-stripping and those sorts of things, which we don't have with our operations. So we think with the positive copper movement going forward for a very long period of time, we will have a series of growth opportunities that take time, take permitting, take resources. That's why copper prices are above and likely to continue to be above production cost.
Richard C. Adkerson: Well, I can't say enough the way Red and his team have approached this. I mean, we saw the situation in the market volatility develop in June. We saw the need to reduce our debt, and our guys went at it in a very disciplined and quick way just like we did in 2008, 2009. We don't see this situation as anywhere near the challenges or the fears of 2008, 2009. But we started this, as I said, as a first step. It's a continuing process, and we'll be looking at our business in mining and oil and gas with the continuation of doing it. And of course, if market conditions deteriorate, we'll have to do more, and we have the ability to do more both from cost reduction activities and then from being innovative in the way that we extract value out of this broad set of assets. And that could lead to lots of situations, joint venture arrangements in both sets of assets. We looked at MLP opportunities. We've looked at other types of kind of financial, engineering type things. We just have a lot of options to do it. The message that all of us wanting to get across to you today is the message our board has given us. And I know we read -- we've read some skepticism about it because of low copper prices, but we are committed to maintain the strong balance sheet, and we've got ways of doing it.
Richard C. Adkerson: And I'll just say, just like I was talking about the growth from the resource base in mining, these growth opportunities in the deepwater from these big structures and the undeveloped, unexploited nature of the resource there that we'll now have access to, the ultra-deep exploration leverage that we have there, this really significant position in Haynesville and the U.S. natural gas business, which we all believe has the opportunity to have a lot of value down the road. As we deal with this near-term directive to reduce debt, we've all got our eyes on the long-term ability to grow in across our set of businesses.
Richard C. Adkerson: Okay, good, but that's -- for everybody's purposes, look at that, and Oscar, give us a call, and we'll follow up with you on it.
Richard C. Adkerson: The deepwater is where we have the chance of really having major incremental [indiscernible] to create shareholder value, and that's the focus for future growth near term and longer term.
Richard C. Adkerson: All right. We appreciate everybody's interest and participation, and we look forward to reporting success as we go forward this year.
Mark J. Johnson: That's correct. We still show Deep MLZ starting up in early 2015. The Grasberg Block Cave is still on schedule to be ready for us at the end of the pit. We did have some float in the schedule between the end of the pit and the start of the block cave, about 6 months. As Richard said, prior to this incident, we were exceeding our development meters. Our -- as we got the okay to start back up in those work areas, we really picked up without any issue. So we're optimistic that we'll be ready for those projects to start up on time.
Mark J. Johnson: That's right. We have a number of objectives in the DOZ, just not tonnage. We've got a very high-grade section of the orebodies that's in the skarn. We balance that with the diorites that are higher in gold. And so our schedules, although tonnage is one of the measures, we have a lot of things that we're managing. We're going at it to maximize the value of DOZ. We've got some ongoing repairs that were there pre-existing the incident, and we're picking up, and we're making good progress on that. The ramp-up to date has gone or exceeded what we'd expected just for these last couple of weeks.
Mark J. Johnson: Yes, we'll be, in DOZ, we'll be up to 70,000 tons at the end of the year. The total mill rate will be 210, 220. We'll also be bringing up the Big Gossan. We'll likely begin to ramp up again. We took some of the resources from Big Gossan in the third quarter and allocated them to development crews and to the DOZ. So we'll be at the 210 to 220. 2014 will be roughly 225.
James C. Flores: Jorge, there has been a modification of the expectations. Obviously, we've reduced CapEx about 20%. What the change there is really reduce the production growth rate at the Eagle Ford from a 15% growth rate to a 20% decline rate. But we saved $400 million of CapEx -- $300 million of CapEx there specifically, and we generated $300 million of free cash flow. So a $600 million swing in free cash flow. And then these low copper price environments, it's one of the things when you have $110 Brent oil, or you can get -- you can be a cash flow contributor. You saw it in the flexibility of our assets there. The leases are all owned by us, held by production. We can ramp back up the drilling and ramp back up the production, but we thought it was prudent from a standpoint facing debt reductions and low copper prices to generate free cash flow. So that's one area that happened. Additionally, the scheduling of equipment and completions in the ultra-deep, as you mentioned right there, was another area. And then the third area is the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico scheduling has been accelerated. And by -- what I mean by accelerated, we have 3 drill ships planned to be in the Gulf of Mexico next year drilling wells on all of our properties. That requires us to accelerate the development of the tieback facilities to our main production facilities. And when you do that, it takes -- there's a bit of construction time in each one of those facilities, somewhere between 45 and 60 days. Under the accelerated development plan, which will pay huge dividends in 2015 and 2016. 2014, however, we have scheduled 3 major platform modification periods of 60 days each, which all hit in the same year, which have the effect of reducing volumes during that year, but instead of having it spread out over the 3 years during that earlier forecast. So when you amplify that shutdown, which is basically a positive long term because it allows us to bring in all the additional production and meet those goals of triple our production out in the Gulf of Mexico on the oil side and the gas side in the next 5 years, it's unfortunate from a modeling perspective. But I don't think it's just a framework between the Eagle Ford, the ultra-deep and the scheduling in the Deepwater while we've modified our volume. However, we've been able to maintain our free cash flow because of the modifications in CapEx.
James C. Flores: Both. We're going to be sending cash flow up to the corporation. That's depending on the oil price. Our oil prices are significantly stronger than the $100 a barrel price in our models and so forth. That can mean every $10 of additional $350 million to $400 million of additional cash flow. At least it's going to be funding its own CapEx when you talk about reducing CapEx and reducing volumes. In the strong price environment, we can do that, and that's not always the case, but that's what's going to happen going forward. We will cover our costs.
James C. Flores: Adam, it's Jim. We're right at the beginning of our early stages of the sales process, and we've signed confidentiality agreements with buyers and the process of getting that process started. So I don't want to give a whole lot of -- I don't want to expound on a bunch of details that are in that process. But what we're looking for is somewhere between $500 million and $700 million worth of capital out of the Gulf of Mexico shelf business. The Gulf of Mexico shelf conventional is an area that is not a primary growth target for our company. There's other companies out there that see opportunities out there and the risk profile that more fits their needs, as Richard talked about and Jim Bob has also expounded on is the large diversity of assets we have and growth opportunities. But the thing to really to focus on is the high quality of our asset base and the high quality of the growth opportunities that we're going to prune off the ones that don't fit our profile. And so that's basically what we do. And in aspects like the Gulf of Mexico, which is so dynamic, we do have a large position there on the shelf in the Gulf of Mexico and also in the Gulf Coast as well as deepwater. So the process of trimming back in an area and then also reestablishing based on seismic interpretation and so forth is always a possibility. So this was basically one of the easiest places to reallocate our manpower resources to our existing assets and still it raises significant amount of capital and a business that just doesn't fit the new profile of Freeport-McMoRan.
James C. Flores: Well, it's 2 forms. In this large framework of Freeport, you can see where free cash flow is becoming a big aspect for the oil and gas business not only -- we've always focused on it and our business, but we've always used it as reinvestment capital. There's a return on assets, a return on capital structure here at Freeport that we have to adjust to and blend to, and therefore, some of our assets like California and Eagle Ford and so forth that we can find ways to maximize out of these [ph] structures. Like Richard talked about, we're looking at -- seriously looking at an MLP structure that makes -- that would make a lot of sense when we're trading 4.5x cash flow when you can start trading at an 8x cash flow of your assets that qualify. Of all those things, this new family of assets here at Freeport between the copper, oil and gas and gold, has given us an opportunity to be more flexible in structure and try to frame out that value and also accelerate not only the growth of our volumetric assets like the deepwater and the ultra-deep and assets like that, but also some of our free cash flowing assets, be able to rein out value there through the innovative MLP structure. So as we continue to research this and start thinking about putting it together and think about it. Even if that's on the copper side, I think it's going to be exciting days ahead of real value realization. We don't need to create a lot of value. We need to get realized for the value we've already created in these assets, especially at these oil prices.
James C. Flores: Just for everybody, remember the analyst day presentation. Those were not exploratory opportunities. We have a long list of development opportunities. We're -- our cup runneth over on growth opportunities and the aspect of present value and those in today's market and also our -- of the reserves that aren't going to grow is one of the high priorities especially in this deleveraging market. So we're totally in sync on all of these.
James C. Flores: Oscar, just Eagle Ford specific, we're cutting -- we're going from about $600 million of CapEx in the Eagle Ford down to about $300 million of CapEx, Eagle Ford specific. So if that helps you in the meantime.
James C. Flores: Sure. On -- initially, the Lomond North and our plans for going forward on Lineham Creek, those 2 projects in ultra-deep will be involved in our decision-making process in the third and fourth quarter. Other than that, it's going to be our Holstein drilling as our rig becomes active on our platform, first time it's been active in about 10 years that we've got a lot of great projects to drill, so we'll begin drilling our deepwater projects in the fourth quarter of 2013. Then '14, you're looking at our Terra project. It's going to be drilled, so very high, high potential Lucius look-alike project. That's going to be drilled in second quarter of '14 to start off, as well as following up with additional projects like England and maybe Martinique. So we'll have a full schedule and calendar starting at '14 going forward of -- for our exciting exploration that we're leveraging into. But as far as the '13 is Lomond, Lineham Creek and then our Holstein development starting in the deepwater.
Kathleen L. Quirk: There's also, Oscar -- this is Kathleen -- in the press release on Page 13 shows what we incurred in June and what the outlook looks like for the second half of the year, which was $1.3 billion in total, $400 million for the deepwater, similar amount in Eagle Ford and $200 million in the ultra-deep.
Kathleen L. Quirk: There's a slide, Oscar, in the back in reference slides, which takes you through that. Just looking for the number here. I think it's 31. It shows you by region what the operating cost profile looks like.
Kathleen L. Quirk: Carly, this is Kathleen. That is a priority of ours. We've got just under $2 billion in debt that we can use equity callbacks for. And so we'll be looking to do that either with cash flow generated or asset sales or refinancing. But that debt will be our most economic debt to repay in the near term, so we're very focused on that. We've also got a series of securities within the assumed debt that have calls over the next few years, and so we'll be looking at that, and we're going to be opportunistic about that and looking at what makes sense economically. But it is an objective of ours over time to refinance the balance sheet into more of an investment-grade type of a balance sheet.
Kathleen L. Quirk: We're going to be looking to do that just as soon as we can. We're looking at free cash flow generation, as well as some of these other initiatives that are underway.
