Donald Palette: Thanks for joining us everyone. We appreciate that. First I will provide you with a quick summary of our first fiscal quarter results and then we’ll discuss our business outlook. Revenue for the period was $245.1 million, up 17% year over year and surpassing our guidance range of $238 million to $242 million. Gross profit was $103.5 million or 42.2% of revenue, a 130 basis point sequential expansion which was driven by a richly diversified product mix, volume ramp of margin accretive new products, continued factory process and productivity enhancements, product and end yield improvements and double digit year over year material cost reductions. Operating expenses were $51.3 million of which R&D was $30 million and SG&A was $21.3 million, yielding $52.3 million of operating income and a 21.3% operating margin.  Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was $700,000 expense while taxes were $3.9 million. As a result, our net income was $47.7 million or $0.27 of diluted earnings per share. Turning to the balance sheet, we exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $402 million. During the quarter we generated $53 million in cash flow from operations. We recorded $11 million of depreciation, retired $5 million of convertible debt and invested $15 million in capital expenditures. Now, to our business outlook; based on broad based business strengths and new applications, we anticipate 30% year over year revenue growth for the second fiscal quarter. Specifically, we expect revenue of $225 million, significantly better than normal seasonality for the March quarter; gross margin between 41% and 41.5%, operating expenses of approximately $52 million, $700,000 of other expense and an 8% cash tax rate. In turn, assuming 182 million fully diluted shares, we are forecasting diluted earnings per share of $0.21 which represents a 75% year over year improvement in bottom line profitability. Now let me take a moment to discuss our medium term financial targets. Given our top line growth plans, scale, product gross margin improvements, and operating expense leverage, we now have a path to operating margins in the mid 20’s on revenues in the range of $280 million to $300 million. To help define the key elements of this revised model, we anticipate that approximately 4$0.45 to $0.50 of incremental revenue will drop through the gross and operating margins with the balance of the model return improvements deriving from operating expense leverage. We believe this model is highly achievable and strikes the right balance between gaining market share, enhancing margins and most importantly, maximizing our return on invested capital.  That concludes our prepared remarks and so operator you can open the lines up for questions.
Donald Palette: We’re obviously not guiding beyond current quarter but I think the way to think of it is this is a highly medium term model and we look at 2010 as having all the significant growth potential. Our serve markets are growing and we believe we’re well positioned to win share.
Donald Palette: The inventory actually was up at the end of this quarter $12 million from the prior quarter and what you’re seeing there is it’s all a function of customer requirement dates for shipments. We have a high percentage of those early in the quarter, higher than normal, so we’ve got the inventory build that reflects that. The one thing to keep in mind, our velocity as far as turns, that’s how we measure inventory velocity, was above six for Q1. So again the inventory turns are very healthy and it’s really just a question of timing of customer demand. Nothing else.
Donald Palette: It’s strictly volume. All manufacturing companies have a fixed component of costs and that big of a revenue change does drive some margin pressure. That’s all you’re seeing. Nothing else unusual at all.
Donald Palette: The six inch is consistent with what we communicated in prior quarters but we’ve been producing both four and six inch over the past several quarters as we’re ramping the new line. The full cut over will be complete at the end of this quarter and certainly when it’s fully utilized, it’s an important lever for us to increase internal capacity and expand gross margin. So it is part of the equation, the new business model formula. We haven’t quantified the exact impact and it will occur gradually over time as volume ramps.
Donald Palette: We were roughly 50% 2G, 50% 3G this quarter which is where we’ve been over the past several quarters. That’s dollars not units.
Donald Palette: It was a combination of everything we discussed. It wasn’t any one specific item. It’s something we continue to focus on. We’re very margin improvement focused. It’s execution. Its product yield improvements. It’s factory productivity. It’s managing the cost base and it’s volume upside. All those things contributed to the overall margin expansion.  One of the things that we believe gives us a cost advantage is the whole fab life model that we deploy and we continue to leverage that, and striking the right balance between internal and external capacity also gives us cost and margin improvements.
Donald Palette: The way we position the model is we give you the ability to take the revenue changes and run them at these different contribution levels and get a feel for where the margins are. So yes, the margins will start tracking towards the mid 45. That’s absolutely the case. And it’s going to be driven by the volume. Increased volume is absolutely going to drive benefit. We’ve got the new products Dave described, higher dollar content, some of these new linear product markets that we’re serving and the six inch ramp, and also, just continually focusing on design for cost and operational efficiencies in the factories. All those things are going to contribute to expanding the margins.
Donald Palette: As we talked about the early mover advantage, one of the things that we’ve done, we’ve created really specialized custom fairly integrated solutions. So the competition isn’t so much with somebody doing what we’re doing, but the competition is with a less efficient, more costly larger board space requirement with discrete design. So these are custom solutions and they just work and play better in these applications so there is a real differentiated product set here for us that will be difficult for the RF competitors to match.
Donald Palette: On the tax rate, we’re looking at, and this is consistent with what we guided prior quarter is right now for 2010 we have about $90 million of NOL that we’re going to be able to deploy this year. So that’s providing us with an 8% cash tax rate. And we talked about an estimate for next year. I just want to give a little color on that. We’ve got several key tax initiatives that we’re working on as we speak. One of those will be deployed in the second half of the year, the other for fiscal 2011 and what that’s going to allow us to do is we believe deliver a cash tax rate next year of roughly 12%. We’ve got a lot of focus in this area and we think this is going to put us in a very competitive tax position.
David Aldrich: That’s a broad question. We see opportunities in 3G where in some segments we’re under weighted and our newest solutions and reference design partnerships are allowing us to gain traction. We think about Korea for example. We also with respect to Nokia are moving from the high end into their mid term mainstream market as we speak. I think that’s an important driver for us. We’re gaining more content where the smart phone architectures are moving toward to less discrete front end and more integrated if you will front end solutions where we are moving in a pretty fast rate from servicing a portion of that front end to more and more and ultimately all in many platforms. So we’re going to take share in smart phone. I think in terms of the secular trend, the hand set market is going to grow in the 8% to 10% range on a compounded basis. Our addressable market as there are more smart phones, more 3G, more bands, more filtering and switching complexity, at an 8% to 10% unit growth rate, our serviceable portion of that market is growing at roughly double that as we calculate it. So we believe we are addressing a market that’s growing in the 17% component growth rate where we can move our share dial pretty significantly in the areas I described.
David Aldrich: The question as to how booked we are, if we take our current firm backlog and the forecast from our hub customers, we’re over 90% booked which is a good place for us to be in on this guidance, so we’re very comfortable the guidance is conservative. With respect to inventory, Don perhaps you could answer that.
David Aldrich: That’s correct. By the way, I need to point out that’s just in the handset sector. We have our smart grid business is growing faster than that. We have linear product markets that are growing faster than that. The 17% is, all it’s really doing is weighting the movement of the unit volume more toward 3G and smart phones where we have a higher addressable content and less towards 2G where the dollar content is lower. So I’m simply weighting the average dollar content of what we can address in more complex products versus less complex products and that 17% assumes ASP erosion as well. So that’s after ASP erosion.
David Aldrich: We’re assuming I guess one might say conservatively that the March seasonality will be down. It will be down normal levels which will be in the 10% to 15% range. Our guidance is better than that and we think we’ve outlined pretty conservative guidelines in guidance based upon backlog position and based upon some known program ramps where we have very high visibility. We’re ramping into production. It’s based on the mix of our business that in the March quarter we get much less seasonality from our linear products business and in these targeted vertical applications as Liam mentioned. Smart grid won’t be down in the March quarter. So I think it’s a combination of all of those things.
David Aldrich: The model that Don described assumes that we have the same relative split between non hand set and hand set, linear products and hand sets. And while we have some, we talked about this a lot on calls in the past where at one time we had a growth in the hand set business expectation and we had sort of a catalog standard, particularly in the catalog business where we felt that while that was a great mix in terms of volatility and less volatility obviously and more profitability, we really wanted to step up our ability to go in very surgically with these targeted verticals and create fewer singles and more doubles and triples, to use a baseball analogy. We think we’re finally, it takes a long time to do that. You have to build your marketing team, your applications knowledge so that you’re not throwing spaghetti at the wall. We’re getting much better. Our hit rate is improving.  So it’s a long way of saying the model assumes a similar split. I’m optimistic that over the medium term, over the long term in this company you’re going to see us grow that business faster, but the model is not dependant on it.
David Aldrich: With respect to the China business, I’m not really sure where the comment that we’re losing share in China is coming from. We acquired Axiom a short time ago and that business is doing what we expected it to do. It’s allowing us to address the ultra low end and that’s going quite well. Our partnership with Media Tech is strong. We were very strong in the December quarter. And in addition, we’re moving from fewer of the commoditized pans, a gas chip in a box, and more of our going forward solutions are going to be customized front end solutions. We think we’re adding more of a differential advantage. So the shares move around. That market is sometimes difficult to get a bead on. There have been share shifts in that sector but we haven’t been a net loser on that. Our share is very strong.
David Aldrich: It’s doesn’t tail off. It only tails off if your program ramps tail off and March is typically a slow quarter on the hand set side but the design activity I must say is just being driven through the roof. The number of new designs going through our characterization and qualification process, our AT, our sampling line is running 24/7. I think we doubled the number of new designs here in the last six to nine months versus the prior six to nine months. It’s really eating up multi-mode if you will or multi-band complex front end solutions is driving a lot of these linear products; low noise amplifiers, some complicated linear products devices. So I think you should look for ongoing share consolidation within our hand set business simply because the complexity is becoming more and more difficult for component suppliers to address. You’re seeing a few discrete switches, a few discrete PA’s, fewer and fewer of them in favor of a system approach that allows for miniaturization that’s shielded, high performance. I think that trend will not stop and we expect to be a beneficiary of that.Suji De Silva – Kaufman Brothers: Along those lines, it sounds like you have a scenario where you have big growth. Where is the mix of your revenues now 3G versus non 3G and how that’s tracking.
David Aldrich: With respect to Wi-Fi in general, we actually are doing quite well in that space. We have a number of customers; some in the PC OEM market, net book market, also some chip set partners like Broadcom that we work with. The Intel business is actually notable for us because we are now in that account for the first time, so it’s early engagement. There is a lot of blue sky within Intel. Today the business that we have is around CMOS switches for wireless land applications. We think there’s clearly opportunity for us to bring that up with L&A’s and power amplifiers and really gain some content. So first of all, we think the Wi-Fi space is really important for us. We’ve had that business for awhile. Intel is new. With respect to the broader attachment in hand sets I’m quite bullish on that. If you look at smart phones for example, virtually all of smart phones today carry Wi-Fi connectivity. We think attachments going into 2012, 2015 could be as much as 30% to 40% of the overall hand set market so it will be a big segment for wireless.
David Aldrich: It’s actually most of our revenue in Wi-Fi today is in the laptop/net book space, but we have some customers who will be going into production on the hand set side by the middle of the year.
David Aldrich: As we mentioned earlier, today within our non hand set portfolio it is the largest growth driver in 2010. We think by mid year, end of the year, you’ll be approaching potentially 20% of the non hand set business. From there it just really depends on how the company grows and how the rest of our linear businesses grow, but it will be a material driver. And we have good visibility. We have a suite of customers. Itron will be one of our more significant ones; also customers internationally. Then again, we’ve got some great macro tailwinds; government stimulus money, energy conservationists all want to be part of it so I think there’s good long term potential.
David Aldrich: Nokia of course represents great potential for Skyworks. We are engaged with that customer fully. Having said that, our revenues today are well below 10%. We think we have our sights and their sights set on material growth over the next several years. We’re moving from 3G to Edge and eventually even some of their GPS platforms. So we feel very positive about that, but again we’re nowhere near where our capabilities could lead us here.
David Aldrich: Inventory right now looks actually quite balanced. There’s always going to be a few pockets where maybe a distributor or some hub inventories floating around. We feel pretty good. Last quarter was very well balanced. Entering this quarter backlog looks pretty good so we don’t see any trouble or any alarms with inventory. And pricing so far looks actually quite stable, so we’re not alarmed by pricing and we’re not concerned about that going into the new year.
David Aldrich: I think clearly what you’re describing, the later half of what you just described has been the case because a lot of these newer smart phone, these entrance weren’t phone manufacturers and they followed a pretty strict reference design approach and those references design approach had a lot of discrete content on them. If you notice some of the larger cellular OEM’s are really driving more chip level and package level integration, and that over time in our experience has always tended to migrate toward more integration not less – always over time. I think these newer products and platforms we’re seeing are working very closely not only with our smart phone OEM’s but with our base band partners are becoming much higher levels of integration, much more thought early on in the development of the base band solution themselves, and much harder to extract a component from it. That’s why my comment for example that there are a couple of suppliers who are always very big on selling discrete switches. I think those discrete switches will be incorporated into models either into a switch module or a front end PA transmit chain, and I think that’s just a fact and it won’t end. Now reference designs will have some mix and match approaches because they’re obvious desire is to have continuity of supply and so on so there’s kind of this pull from the customers to give them more integration and of course the base band folks want a competitive solution but they also don’t want to be beholden to one component company and I understand that. So over time there will be a trend in one direction which is more integration, more winner takes all, more customization, fewer component opportunities for discrete providers.
David Aldrich: We believe that the hand set business will be somewhat better than seasonality and we’re basing that on backlog. So March quarter is always a seasonally down quarter and there’s a lot of material that moves at the end of the December quarter so that kind of needs to be digested if you will and understood and in the channels we’re in the process of doing that. But the assumption is that we would get less seasonality obviously in our linear products business and hand sets would be somewhat better than seasonal and of course we attempted to be quite conservative as we usually do with our guidance.Tore Svanberg – Thomas Weisel Partners: You mentioned a pretty important win for 3G infrastructure in China. Can you add some color there? Is that a market that you expect to do quite well in in 2010? I realize that it’s the beginning ramp for you but help us understand a little bit more when we could potentially see some bigger ramps from that program in 2010.
David Aldrich: We absolutely believe that China infrastructure can be very important for us so we are seeing some traction with the TV companies. We think that they are net share gainers today globally and we have some very custom engines here that bring into account our mixers, synthesizers, products that are margin rich, highly customized and performance driven. So there will be movement in the right direction off of that and we think over the next few years they could be very significant accounts for us.
David Aldrich: This concludes our call today and on behalf of the entire Skyworks team thank you so much for your participation and we look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences and on road shows.
