Donald Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks for joining us, everyone. I'll first provide a quick summary of our third fiscal quarter results, and then outline our business outlook for the fourth quarter. Revenue for the period was $356 million, which included a $6.5 million contribution from SiGe. Excluding SiGe, third quarter revenue would've been $349.5 million versus our guidance of $345 million and up 27% year-over-year organically. Gross profit was $160 million or 44.9% of revenue, representing a 166 basis point year-over-year expansion. Operating expenses were $62.5 million, R&D for the quarter was $38.8 million and SG&A was $23.6 million, yielding $97.5 million of operating income and a 27.4% operating margin. Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was $100,000 of expense, while cash taxes were $4.4 million, resulting in a 5% tax rate. As a result, our net income was $93 million or $0.49 of diluted earnings per share, $0.03 better than our guidance. Turning to our third quarter balance sheet and cash flow, we generated $86 million in cash flow from operations, attributable to our strong operating results and invested $20 million in capital expenditures during the quarter. As the sequential decline in CapEx suggests, our CapEx has now begun to moderate back towards steady state levels, as we have completed the majority of our capacity investments in both Mexicali and Newbury Park. Depreciation for the second quarter was $15 million, and we ended the quarter nearly debt free with a cash balance of $310 million, post the roughly $210 million for the acquisition of SiGe and $19 million as part of our ongoing share repurchase program. Now to our business outlook. As Dave outlined, the stage is set for Skyworks to again outperform our addressable markets throughout the back half of 2011 and into 2012. We are well positioned to expand margins, deliver operating leverage and most importantly, to create shareholder value. For the current quarter, we are guiding revenue to be $400 million, with a $20 million to $25 million contribution from our SiGe acquisition and nothing yet assumed for our planned acquisition of Advanced Analogic. We'll provide commentary on the accretion for AATI during our fourth quarter conference call. At the aggregate $400 million level, we suggest modeling gross margins of $44.6 million to 45% and operating expenses of roughly $70 million. Below the line, we expect $200,000 of net interest and other expense, and we plan on our cash tax rate for Q4 to be 7%. As a result, we expect our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be $0.53 off of a base of 193 million shares. Well, that concludes our prepared remarks. And operator, you can go ahead and open the lines for questions.
Donald Palette: Ittai, this is Don. We've -- we're, in fact, we had detailed plans in place even prior to the closing as exactly what direction we're going to go on as far as realigning the expense base. So we made a lot of progress. We continue to work through that. The guidance that you've received for Q4 has the Skyworks core operating expenses, pretty good estimate of where the SiGe expenses are going to be. There's also some increases in there. We're making some investments. And R&D headcount continue to execute against some market opportunities going forward. So based on what you're seeing for Q4 and, again, that's all prior to any AATI acquisition, that's a good proxy for what's going to go forward, normal types of increases. So that's the way I would think about it. As far as SiGe, for 2012, we don't guide beyond one quarter. We've given you the $20 million to $25 million, and we're currently working through on a revenue standpoint, an extensive review rationalization of the product portfolio as we align it with our Mobile Connectivity business. And we view the 2012 growth opportunities as attractive. As you know, from the information on the S-4 related to SiGe that their margins are slightly below our corporate average right now. We have specific plans in place. In very short order, we're going to drive those up to the Skyworks corporate average. We'd expect that to be sometime in the late 2012. So those are well on their way, and we feel real confident with that. And as a result, you can model that with what you know; and the acquisition is instantly accretive, we've already demonstrate.
Donald Palette: Jonathan, the linear high performance analog was just north of 25%, and our handsets, smartphones were a little bit below 75% for the quarter.
Donald Palette: Yes, that's exactly right. If you look at the original, the model we have in place now that we'd come out and we communicated that at $375 million to $400 million, that we were going to be at 30% operating margin. The core business is still on track for that. Nothing's changed at all there. But now that we've layered in SiGe, as we said, right now, the product margins are a little bit below the corporate average. And as well, the OI percentage is slightly below the corporate average. We see a clear path for that changing by the end of 2012; and those being on par, if not better, in fact, depending on the growth rate. So what we're going to do is with that being incorporated into the business and AATI being layered in, we're going communicate to you once those are closed, and we've got full quarters of revenue and expenses for everybody to assimilate into their models then we'll communicate to you what the new operating model is for the company. But keep in mind, at one point what's really important is the core operating model is still intact, and there's no changes to that.
Donald Palette: Blayne, as I mentioned earlier when I talked about the SiGe outlook for 2012, we're absolutely going through the pruning exercise and doing the rationalization of the product portfolio, especially when you align it with our own Global Connectivity business. So that's part of it. And quite frankly, the other part if it is it's a new business. We're integrating it in our processes and trying to hold all that in and we're being a little bit conservative as well. It's a combination of those things.
Donald Palette: Sanjay, there's really no change from what we've been running at these levels for a considerable period of time. When you look -- and we talk about utilization from an equipment and facility standpoint. From an equipment standpoint, we're pretty much at a theoretical utilization, and we have been for some period of time. And from a building standpoint, probably 60%, 70%, which you couple that with the hybrid model where we do the in-source, outsource model, we can expand internal capacity very, very quickly by adding nominal CapEx investments. So that model's running really well for us. We had margin expansion again in Q3, and we think that's going to continue to 2012. So it's working very well.
Donald Palette: Anthony, this is Don. On the tax rate, it's probably worth pointing out, we were at the lower tax rate this quarter. And basically, what we have to do on the tax accounting is you do an annual projection every quarter. And we started out the year at 8.5%, we dropped it to 7%. It now looks like we're going to be roughly a little bit below 7%. So you make that quarter to date, year to date adjustment, that's where you head to the 4.5%, and then we guided to the 7%. So the rate's going to end up roughly around 7% for the year. We're not going to give any more color. We've said to use around 11% in 2012. We really have to assimilate the acquisition to see what -- there's some NOLs and see what that means. We'll give you more color on that as we do that. But right now, the 11% is fine.
David Aldrich: Yes, and I think as the current quarter and our outlook being up organically 7% sequentially, we also commented that we expected to grow in December. Hopefully, that answers part of your question. And as you mentioned, our performance and outlook isn't dependent on any one OEM or any one or 2 platforms. In the normal course of business, we bid on dozens of sockets, dozens and dozens of sockets. We don't win every one. But in aggregate, we win more than our share. And as I said, we haven't lost any single customers. We haven't been excluded from any major platforms. So I think our outlook speaks for itself. And certainly, we think it is the -- we are the beneficiary of a longstanding strategy to continue to diversify our business, both at a customer level and a market level.
David Aldrich: Well, clearly, the complexity as we mentioned there, it's really mind-boggling to think that up to 50 new frequency bands. So the level of complexity, depending upon how broadly our customers want these devices to roam, is all over the map. But in all cases, increasing in complexity. So it is not 2015, it's 2012, it's now, in fact. We're starting to see some early rollouts, a lot of design activity with very specific program launches late this year, 2012, accelerating throughout 2012 and we think 2013. And I'll say there is nothing that we need. These technologies are quite consistent with what we've used in 3G; from a process, packaging, design, methodology, toolset. We have, as we mentioned in the prepared comments, we have been working very, very closely with the world's largest and best, we think, both capitalized and technology wise, the best duplexer and filters suppliers. So we've rounded out, we added the Band II, which had been a gap for us. We've added that to a profile which is now complete. So that was the one area where we've made a great deal of investment in time and energy with our partners to have products that both meet the forward pricing curves of the market, but also overall performance. So I'd say that was the one area we needed to work on. We've done that. I would say, no, we don't need -- we certainly don't need to acquire any technology for LTE that we haven't already -- that we don't already have in place for 3G.
David Aldrich: No, there wasn't any strategy to wait until now. We needed to have a highly competitive product. So we were, as we would design the PA and the MCM technology around that band, we were working with our partners. And there's been a little challenge at that band to get to the size and height requirements. So certainly it wasn't strategic. We needed to get the product ready for the market and to meet all specifications, costs. But I think the real gate on Band II, unlike the other bands, is that size, specifically height, in some applications. And as we’ve talked about before, we have partnered with filters suppliers, we make some ourselves. For the most part, we buy them when we include the MCM. And the reason for that is filter technology is apparently not integrated at the chip level. It's often not integrated at the module level, but sometimes it is for technical or cost reasons. And what we have found and what you'll see as the market progresses here is that by partnering with the best in the world, you're able to play, for example, SAW filter tends to be much cheaper. It also tends to be a little bigger. But it improves over time, moves up in frequency, tends to display its other more expensive technology. We like to be able to play that shift. And over time, the very well capitalized leaders in filters drive down their marginal cost curve and price it a point at which we don't think you can make the kind of margins our investors expect. So consistent with our strategy to buy -- to make what we need to make, to have a differential competitive advantage and buy the merchant market the best technology, this strategy is working for us. But we did have to fill that Band II gap.
David Aldrich: It's a couple of things. One is, and absolutely, is an ongoing increase in content. I think what many find difficult to model, because it is complicated, is netting pricing against increased content, factoring in levels of integration where multiple PA frequencies can be integrated on a dyad [ph]. It is a complicated algorithm. But the directionally, it is increased content per phone, per device, per tablet is increasing, and looks to continue to do so here for the next few years. LTE being one of the drivers. So that's one. Another is we really do, unlike maybe some competitors or customers, we are quite diversified. So we really do -- we ship to everybody. We partner with all the baseband folks. We try to service them all equally well. And as a result, we don't get whip sore quite as much when you see big shifts in OEM, for example. We weathered high concentration years ago with customers that lost a lot of share, we were able to kind of power through that. So we're pretty proud of that, and it's a function of diversification. We also, as I said in our prepared comments, we've literally grown over High Performance Analog business. Although the group product lines, about 3x the growth rate of analog, which has been high single digits. And that's been a lot of hard work in identifying where we have a competitive advantage in the vertical and then doing customizes that import not only high margin, but they stick and certainly will have a very long product life cycle. But I have to say, it is that, it is new customers within our targeted Handset business, it's new vertical markets and it's raising content.
David Aldrich: We don't guide to December. But we will grow, and it is our expectation, as is always the case with Skyworks, that we have opportunities to shake share that play out both in the short, medium and long term. So I'm sorry, we don't guide to December. But we'll grow the business in December, and we'll continue to work out taking share.
David Aldrich: Yes, we've done, I think you're right about that. I think the one area that may in fact be underrepresented, we think, is the rate at which there'll be adoption of 3G products and networks in places like China or in developing markets. And in fact, we see it now, there's just so much demand the carriers are pushing for it. It's a little different rollout, a little bit of architecture in some cases. So we do think that's a high growth opportunity. And we're servicing in a couple of different ways: One is Mediatech has been a partner of us for a long time. We're the share leader there. We're working very hard with them. We have 3G products integrated with their solutions, and so we think they'll be a player there. They have competition, we’re doing the same thing, with their indigenous local competitors. And we're pushing, obviously, very hard to continue to increase our share in content with our existing customer base that will be importing into those markets. So it really -- we do think it's a growth opportunity. We do think it may be underrepresented in many models, and we think we're very well positioned there.
David Aldrich: Yes, actually, the LTE, the value that we see in LTE phones now gets into the double digits in terms of values. So you're looking at literally $10 to $12. Now there's different levels of integration. Sometimes, you'll see a Band XIII, a Band II, a Band I, a Band IV. And you'll also invariably see a very strong GSM EDGE device and even WCDMA. So you have backward compatibility to WCDMA, and further down to GSM or EDGE you have discrete LTE bands. And then in addition to that, there's a great deal of switching complexity and filter complexity. So in addition to the GaAs PAs that you may see from us, we also are leveraging more of our pHEMT and our SOI switching capability. And again, if you think about in your mind's eye here how you have these different devices, they all need to communicate. Power and signals need to be communicated. Now that's often than through switch. So the complexity goes way, way up, the dollar value goes way, way up. And our addressable content just continues to accelerate there.
David Aldrich: No, we're not. We're assuming -- we're not putting any AATI in our guidance. So you should assume when you model that there's 0 AATI. As far as filters, the size parity is equal. So that's not an issue. And when we talk about performance, the performance of the filters themselves are best in class. And there's nobody better in the world than companies like [indiscernible], for example, and Panasonic and others. So the performance of filter is good. As you probably know, the trick is being able to spend enough time with those filters to tune them, to match them to the amplifier and to get the overall transmit path to have the lowest current consumption, the best harmonics and so on. So you need to work with them a little bit. And then that feedback [indiscernible], "How do you create both the best filter, the MCM, the best matching, the best PA so that the whole transmit path gives you the lowest current consumption and the best overall RF performance. And that's taken some time, but it is absolutely at parity. And in fact, on the cost side, I would put forth that over time, it will be a cost advantage not to try to make these filters. Because when you think about it, there are going to be a lot of competing filters -- because there are a lot of multiple competing filter technologies that are going to try to move up the frequency band, frequency range. For example, surface acoustic filters are inherently cheaper than the bulk acoustic that has a lot of process steps, and the rest here are really big and well capitalized. It's hard to have every band in a complete rollout of multi-band designs, pads and do that all internally. So you tend to have to be kind of niched and focused on certain bands. We don't have that -- we don't have the problem. We can play BAW versus SAW. And I'll tell you from experience of 20 years in this business, what happens is as these bands become more common in the market and the band combinations become more common in the market, which will happen, even in this sort of crazy LTE world today, these filter guys will solve it and then boy, as soon as they do, they drive down their marginal cost curve and they'll price it exactly where they need to and then it'll be really hard for small-ish filter companies to make any money. So we think the gross margin is better to be a procurer of merchant filters than it would be to do it internally. And over time, that disadvantage of being an internal supplier will become more acute, because nobody will beat these guys on price, nobody.
David Aldrich: The process is just so complex. So what we found was that unless you could drive a megafactory with a great deal of utilization, you had a real total cost disadvantage. And frankly, even though our BAW filters were pretty good. When we then said, "What does it take to address the entire market?" it was mind-boggling. And so you've got folks who have invested billions in this business, and they've got highly utilized, state-of-the-art factories, and we just -- there was no way we could compete. It wasn't going to provide a differential advantage to our customers. It's a classic example of just don't try to beat them, go out and join them. Buy it, partner with them. And one thing that's interesting because it's not lost on these folks that having access into smartphones and tablets is absolutely key to their business model. And our competitors have that technology internally. So we have become the partner of choice. We're the bigger -- we sell more PAs than anybody in the world, and we have a path to all the customers that they covet. So let me tell you, if there's a motivation on anybody's part to partner, it's these very same filter companies.
David Aldrich: Well, Dale, one of the things that we're seeing, we talked a lot about is the need for performance is really stepping up; the need for multiple bands, roaming, data handling. Invariably now, these devices, smartphones and tablets are going to manage high-speed data, high-speed video, cloud computing. So we are seeing that. The value of the product that we deliver's going up. The complexity is going up, and competitive landscape needs to meet that challenge. So we do see content increasing. We see the companies that have the R&D capabilities and the IP to deliver not just one band or 2 band, but really, the full-scope LTE, WCDMA, the backward compatibility, the GSM and also the switching and filtering. I think the companies that have that combination, they're very few. Those are the companies that are going to win.
David Aldrich: No. In fact, we're seeing that's it's kind of interesting, particularly at the tablet side and on the high-end smartphones, it's all about performance. And as LTE's coming online believe it or not, those platforms tending to go a little more discrete. Some of them place towards converge early and the performance is okay. So it's sort of all over the map. We're seeing very discrete designs. We're seeing hybrid somewhere in between pads, discrete, coupled with a multiband EDGE device for example, and then we're seeing fully converged. It's hard to say, but I would say today, the vast majority, going forward, in our estimate would be some form of a hybrid design, with the minority being fully converged or fully discrete.
David Aldrich: That's a great question because it's not obvious that there will be as many platforms that really want to roam globally that will be produced for the China market. And in fact, there are some customers that are really pushing for a GPRS, 3G design, right? So that they can download in 3G speeds and upload at GPRS so you can bypass EDGE, that makes it little bit less expensive for mass consumption. And it's all about getting well below a $100 smartphone. I think that's going to happen. There'll be different configurations. It will increase the dollar because the dollar content in a 2G phone shipping in the low-end market, we typically address the very low end of that, the CMOS. And all CMOS design is pretty low today. So it is a 2x, if not a 3x or 4x content, even for those that won't have to roam very, very broadly.
David Aldrich: I think you'll see some. I think you'll see some do that. I know you will. You'll see some customers are converting as we speak to converge. Some customers are going from converged away to more hybrid, believe it or not, because they have more interest in performance than a couple of back- and front-end content. And then we have everything in between; truly, everything between. The tablet, the high end products do tend to be, on average, more concerned with performance than they are with overall cost, with some exceptions and you just named one. So I think you'll see everything. I think if you look at 2013 as an example, I think the majority will be some kind of a hybrid. That's easy to say. That just simply means that there'll be some integrated bands with amplification. There'll be some bolt-on discrete. There'll be some filter amplifier technology. I think that'll be an architecture that will prevail, and converge will absolutely have its place and have a growing segment of the market. And I don't think there's very many phones that are truly, completely discrete; although there are few.
David Aldrich: Well, there are 2 responses to the bears in that case, one is LTE. It's just not possible to integrate these bands and configurations and our customers in the market demands with LTE without having increased content. It's just not possible today. And so for a few years, you're going to see LTE continuing to become a play there. The other piece is that you will see increasingly a very high growth rate in smartphones and a decline in true 2G phones. And even the most low-end 3G integrated converged product you can think of, that doesn't need to roam, is incrementally 2x or 3x what a 2G call is today. So there really isn't, if you do the math, there isn't any scenario that doesn't show increase in content that I can dream of.
David Aldrich: Okay. Well, thank you so much for participating on today's call, and we look forward to seeing you all at upcoming investor conferences.
Liam Griffin: Sure. With respect to Nokia, as we stated before, we are today a major supplier to Nokia. We're shipping in all corners of their business; GSM, 3G, EDGE, even converged platforms. And our market share at Nokia has been growing steadily, but having said that, we're still now just about a third of their PA business. So there's room for us to grow. And if there are share shifts from Nokia to other OEMs, we're very well positioned to capitalize. And in fact, our prevailing amplifier share globally is about 40%. So if the share moves, we're likely to pick up elsewhere.
Liam Griffin: This is Liam. Yes, we're looking at a number of things. One of the areas now we're starting to work on are GPS. We're looking at GPS LNAs. We're very close to our first design wins in that category. It creates a nice adjacent sales to what we're doing with our Wireless business now. If you look at SiGe extension, not only does that give us a real strong leadership position in 802.11, they also have a Zigbee portfolio that allows us to get deeper into the home automation space. Those are a couple of good examples. I think there's a lot more we'll talk about as we get into 2012. But as Dave articulated, the real mission for HPA is to continue to diversify, look at markets that have high gross margin, high growth and an opportunity to dovetail with our sales and marketing teams.
Liam Griffin: Yes, this is Liam. We are very bullish on wireless connectivity as a market, as a segment. If you think about all these great things that are happening in cellular, you typically have an 802.11 connection whether it's a smartphone, a tablet, an Internet-enabled TV; in some cases even additional consumer products, e-books, et cetera. So we're very bullish on this space. What we like about SiGe is they have great technology. The people that we find in this company are outstanding hard workers. The technology is incredible, and it's also complementary to our existing portfolio today at Skyworks. So as we bring these companies together as Don articulated, we really are at the early stages. We're going to look at the best core IP, how we together can couple and deliver and develop products that no one else in the market can offer. So we expect it to be one of fastest growing portfolios going into 2012. We'll give you more color as we move forward.
Liam Griffin: Yes. And let me add, if you look at China, some of our fastest growing accounts in that, we've had a great position with Mediatech. We've talked a lot about that, largely in GSM. They are moving into 3G. But if you look at the real strength in our 3G business, it's Huawei and ZTE. And these companies are making not only phones, but also data cards and wireless modules. So we're seeing some upside. And if you indulge me a little bit, we'll jump into Taiwan and look at HTC. HTC is one of our fastest growing customers now, very powerful suite of smartphones where we're selling complete 3G solutions, EDGE devices, WCDMA band, a great deal of switching. So on the whole, greater China region, we are seeing that dollar content move up from what was $0.80 market per phone to something closer to the $2.50 to $3.50.
Liam Griffin: Right, and that's a very strict view of handsets. If you step back and look at what else is happening, clearly, tablets are taking off and cannibalizing notebooks. We really don't have any 3Gs or any cellular share. You see that taking off, and then other devices that we see enabled with wireless technology. The Wi-Fi capability now, we're seeing 2.4 gig and 5 gig devices, not integrated into the transceiver, which is projected but not discretely laid out in these devices. So as Dave said -- the smartphone tradeoff from $0.80, dollar level parts, CDMA is going to, GSM is going down. And we see the upside now with new devices like tablets.
