David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. I'm pleased to report that we're off to a great start to fiscal 2014, as reflected by our strong first quarter performance and above-seasonal guidance for the second quarter. Fueling our success is the proliferation of connectivity in all of its forms across a broad array of end markets and applications. This powerful underlying global trend, combined with our growing analog portfolio, expanding broad market opportunities and consistent execution, all translate into superior ongoing financial results for the company. Skyworks has become an enabler of all things connected, providing custom solutions that help our customers navigate increasingly complex analog design challenges. We leverage a comprehensive portfolio of technologies and leading-edge integration capabilities to create differentiated solutions. And as the world becomes increasingly more connected and analog complexity escalates, we're uniquely positioned to capitalize. And our strategy is paying off. During the quarter, we delivered revenue of $505 million. That's ahead of our guidance and up more than 11% year-over-year. We produced operating income of $141.8 million. That's up nearly 24% from a year ago. We posted $0.67 in earnings per share. That's up 22% versus a year ago. And we generated $159 million in cash flow from operations, which is a record for the company. So in short, Q1 was another excellent quarter for us across all key metrics. And looking ahead, we see our momentum continuing. While March is normally a slower seasonal quarter for the industry, our increasing market diversification and new product ramps are enabling Skyworks to largely offset normal mobile seasonality. More specifically, during the second quarter, we're seeing strength from our expanding portfolio for the networked home, connectivity solutions in the emerging markets, key vertical market opportunities and our ramp of integrated systems solutions like SkyOne. These drivers are helping to mute seasonal trends at some of our OEM customers. This is a clear testament to our diversification. To put our growth trajectory into perspective, EPS for the first half of 2014, as measured by our first quarter reported results and second quarter guidance, is 2.5x the EPS we reported for the first half of 2010, representing a 25% compounded growth rate over that 4-year period. With our expanding market footprint, the stage is set for continued revenue growth, margin expansion and earnings leverage. For more in-depth review of our financial results, I'll turn the call over to Don for his commentary and outlook.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Rick. The way we see March shaping up is, I think, there'll be fairly normal historical seasonal patterns in mobile. Obviously, we're seeing some OM -- OEMs impacted more than others. I think the difference is our opportunity, or our target, is much broader than others and is basically driven by end market diversification and content gains. I think the specific areas of strength are: We're seeing continuous success and sequential growth in the Connected Home products that I think we talked about a bit in our prepared comments; we're seeing strong demand in emerging markets; we're seeing strong demand in some of the new verticals; and, by the way, we're ramping high ASP and high-margin products like SkyOne. So I think it's a combination of those offsetting seasonality.
David J. Aldrich: So I think -- let me, kind of, answer it maybe in a broad way. We're actually -- what we're seeing in China today and we're seeing some pretty strong growth here, is that, more than anything, the upgrade cycle -- irrespective of which carrier, the upgrade cycle is sweeping in a lot more analog functionality and connectivity in ac [ph] and some of our products for switching and control. We're seeing strong attach rate with QRD, strong attach rate with MediaTek, including some of their workhorse, smartphone, quad core models. And I think, if you look at the big players in China, think of Lenovo, Huawei, Coolpad, and if you look at some of those teardown reports, we've got a lot of content and very high penetration rates. So I think, if you combine all those, we're just pretty broad there and we're seeing a lot of incremental content.
David J. Aldrich: And, Alex, we've built out a system engineering and an applications infrastructure throughout the world. We're really getting better and better at identifying sockets where we can penetrate, we can customize, gain some real value and add value to our customers. I think, just if you look at the orders we booked this quarter, and I mentioned a few of them, but -- there was Philips. There was Nest. There was FitBit. There was Belkin. So it's really across the board, everything from the cable modem to the gateway products to all kinds of appliances. So it's really across the board.
David J. Aldrich: Well -- thanks, Anne. I think that the -- one way to look at it is -- the way we kind of decompose that market and there is going to be some big customer winners or at least high volume drivers within that market. And so, we focused very intently on them. We've done -- as I mentioned, we've done a really good job, we think, with Lenovo, with Huawei, with Coolpad, with some others that are really going to drive a great deal of volume, plus there are hundreds of indigenous OEMs. But we've done really well with, I think, the volume drivers. We've also focused for a long time, as you know, with MediaTek. And I'm really very pleased with the amount of penetration we've got in all their reference designs, particularly the workhorses we think that are going to drive high dollar content smartphones. We've got everything from ASM-based products. Now we've got some connectivity products, multi-mode PA switches. So again, the whole -- and I guess the third element, is the whole theme of -- as these phones become more -- smartphones become more complex and indeed feature phone transitions to smartphone and then smartphone move more towards 4K, they're having very high penetration rate of some pretty sophisticated analog processing, and that's where we've been excelling is being able to sell more of the system solution by having our applications engineers and system designers hand-in-hand with our chipset marketers in that region, whether it's MediaTek, QRD -- or Qualcomm QRD, and that's where we're gaining volume and we're gaining share.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. Thank you, Quinn. That's a great question. The horses we're riding in '14, '15 will continue to be what we were doing in much of '13, which is -- the earlier question that Richard had was about our feeling about smartphones. Irrespective of what the growth rate of smartphone is, one thing is for certain, that customers need to see more analog solutions that sweep in functionality because they're finding it too difficult to meet the constraints of the baud space, current consumption and so on. So we have been increasingly, even if we don't sell it in an integrated platform like SkyOne -- in as integrated a platform as SkyOne, we're able to bundle those products and guarantee the system global performance by working with our customers at the radio baud level. And recently, that's begun to sweep in more and more high-performance Wi-Fi, ac and the like, multi-mode Wi-Fi, GPS-shielded devices that incorporate filtering. We talked about power, lighting and display. That's a big deal, where you're trying to drive very high-performance camera flash, for example, or display. So there's a lot of power management and voltage regulation that this complexity is driving, and we think we're the only folks out there today who can take a complete suite of products and, from a system standpoint, lay it out for them. Now when you look at the next click, I am very intrigued by the opportunities for, for example, MEMS-based technology to do things in not only in the microphone space but in gyros and sensors and then taking that product outside. So we are investing, we are creating partnerships that are going to allow us to go to the next click because I think the next big wave is going to be around sensing level functionality and all kinds of motion controls. And we're going to play there, and we're investing now.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. Steve, I'm glad you asked that question because the -- I think we recognize that the split we have discussed -- we continue to discuss the 6 [ph] which is today around 60-40. That's consistent this last quarter, really kind of hearkens back to a couple of years ago -- a few years ago when we talked about 80-20 with 80% being dominated by PA and transmit module products and 20% mostly infrastructure, some Home, some Smart Energy. The fact is that business today is very different. So if I look at where the growth is coming from -- maybe this will help answer your question. In mobile, for example, the growth is -- our PA business, for example, is declining as a percentage of sales. It's still growing, but it's declining as a percentage of our revenue. And what's growing fast is these mobile analog solutions we're talking about, GPS, Wi-Fi, power display, as well as highly integrated solutions like power amplifier duplexers, SkyOne and the like. That's where the growth. And then, the second growth engine has been in non-mobile. We've talked about the Connected Home. We've talked about automotive and medical. So that's really the way we are running the business today. And I think, as we go forward, we'll be looking for ways to kind of articulate better for you what that split is because I think the 60-40 is probably not as useful as it once was.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. I think it's a little too early to get very specific. I would say that I don't see any reason to believe that it won't be a normally modest up quarter. That's usually the case in the June quarter. And as we look at our business rolling out in 2014 for Q2, Q3, Q4, we see similar trends as -- in Q3 as we do in Q2 or in June as we do in March, which is these share gains, content gains, diversification gains largely offsetting whatever seasonal mobile business may be thrown at us. We expect to have a good June quarter. We expect the mobile market to be up modestly a few percentage.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. Thanks. I think that our March non-mobile business will be roughly flat. And so, most of the seasonality is occurring among those OEMs in our mobile business. And if I think within that roughly flat, which is much better than seasonality, it really is -- as we talked about in the prepared comments, it's a combination of, obviously, traditional Wi-Fi products and more Wi-Fi content where we're looking to have multi-mode Wi-Fi that has more ac content and so on and so forth. We're also seeing ZigBee content that's meaningful. There's also some real power management and voltage challenges with some of these devices -- these gateway devices we talked about, and we talked at length in the prepared comments about an engagement we have with a service provider today. There's a lot of dollar content and a very cool complex products. And the content there is multiple dollars and it's GPS, it's Wi-Fi, it's cellular. So I think it's really all of the above in the Home, and we've talked about brand new nascent products for us. I mean, we're just starting to see meaningful revenue coming from medical devices we talked about, in some automotive devices, in the Volkswagen platform we have in the press release. That's kind of a sleek product going into an in-mounted dash entertainment [ph] Volkswagen device.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. I think, Mike, it wasn't much -- it's not a big driver in this last quarter, but I think the trend is clearly there and I expect it to be meaningful in out quarters.
David J. Aldrich: I was -- when I talked about the nonmobile being relatively flat, I just mean everything that's not in the smartphone. That's what I mean.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, we actually do, Blayne. We see a couple of customers -- or some customers being pretty dramatically down. It's just normal the way they've rolled their products out. We see others up. We see some customers within China up. We -- it's no secret that Samsung tends to take their inventory down and have a soft December. That occurred for us. That's less so in the March quarter, so that's a contributor. We are ramping SkyOne. As Liam mentioned, that has high dollar content. And again, this portion of the business that is nonmobile or outside of a smartphone, we're seeing some nice tablet growth, some nice high dollar content products in these vertical markets. So I think it's really a combination of all those things. But we're certainly not immune from OEMs taking the smartphone volumes down in March. We see some of that.
David J. Aldrich: And, Ed, with respect to ET, it does not include the ET modulator today. It does include ET PAs tuned and designed from the ground up to be high performance in ET mode.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. Thank you. We don't see -- the short answer is, no, we don't see traction competitively from the RF360 today. I will say that, by its nature, that product and to some degree, our SkyOne -- or, at least, elements within our SkyOne family, they're very highly integrated products, lots of bands, lots of filtering. We see certain customers -- while perhaps somewhat limited in scope, that really need somebody to come in and step up and provide more functionality. PA-centric, albeit but more functionality. And so -- and then, on top of that, we try to bolt and we do bolt around that front-end functionality, that transmit chain functionality, a lot of GPS, power management, tuning devices. So I would say that we don't see competitive threat today, if you will, but we do see an opportunity to compete in the sense that both products provide for that segment of the market a complete solution. I'll also mention that we really are seeing a lot more content attach rate with Qualcomm, whether it's QRD or Qualcomm here with a lot more product. So I'm really delighted with the amount of partnership, the relationship and the fact that we have a lot of dollar content.
David J. Aldrich: Sure. Well, it's interesting, the integrated modules, whether it be PADs or SkyOne, if you look at the teardown reports, we've got a fairly big footprint now in filters. We are in production today with a host of different SAW devices. We're now shipping temperature-compensated SAW products and designing those into our modules. And we expect, throughout 2014, for there to be some bands. There won't be very many of them, but there'll be some bands because of the tight band spacing and coupled with high frequency, where there will be some BAW devices.
David J. Aldrich: And I think the China market, we're expecting to see very robust smartphone growth. We're seeing 4G attach. We've got a good lineup of our products with QRD, Qualcomm and with MediaTek and others, and we're benefiting not only from the increased complexity on the transmit side, but we're sweeping in a lot more high-performance Wi-Fi connectivity power lighting and display and some voltage and power. So we're seeing an increase in content as the shift to smartphone occurs. So we feel very good about China.
David J. Aldrich: As I said, we want you to continue to model an incremental 48%, which is going to expand margin as we grow. And it's driven by a long list of items, the products -- the new products we're releasing, the design, the system solutions, the value-add that's driving margin. Our focus on the metrics in the factory in driving yield and productivity leveraging the CapEx investment, so it's a long list of things that will continue to enable us to drive that margin expansion forward.
David J. Aldrich: Well, thank you, everyone, for participating tonight, and I look forward to seeing you all at upcoming conferences.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks for joining us, everyone. We appreciate it. Revenue for the first quarter was $505.2 million, ahead of our prior guidance and up more than 11% versus the year-ago quarter and nearly 6% sequentially. Gross profit was $224.7 million or 44.5% of revenue, in line with our prior guidance and up 150 basis points from the year-ago quarter. Operating expenses were $82.9 million, consisting of R&D expense of $50.8 million and SG&A expense of $32.1 million. We generated $141.8 million of operating income and that yields a 28.1% operating margin and that's a 280 basis point increase versus the year-ago quarter. Our cash tax rate for the quarter was 10%. That produced net income of $127.7 million or $0.67 of diluted earnings per share, $0.01 better than our guidance. Turning to our first quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement, we generated $159 million in cash flow from operations. We invested $16 million in capital expenditures with depreciation of $21 million and we repurchased 670,000 shares of our common stock, representing a $17 million investment. Given our confidence in our business outlook, we continue to believe that repurchasing shares of common stock represents a highly attractive use of our cash. And finally, we exited the quarter with $649 million in cash and no debt. Now for our second quarter business outlook. With the demand visibility and order backlog we have in place today, we expect second quarter revenue to be $470 million, significantly better than normal seasonality and representing 11% year-over-year top line growth. At this revenue level, we suggest modeling gross margin in the range of 44% to 44.5%, with operating expenses of approximately $83.5 million. We continue to see opportunities for sustainable margin expansion, as we leverage our capital investments and benefit from growing demand for our margin-enhancing integrated custom solutions and precision analog products. Below the line, we anticipate $200,000 in expenses from interest income and other expenses and a cash tax rate of around 10%. We project our tax rate to remain at these levels for the remainder of our 2014 fiscal year. We expect the share count to be around 191.5 million shares, resulting in second quarter EPS of $0.59. All of the underlying drivers are in place for Skyworks to continue to outperform. It's worth noting that our second quarter 2014 guidance represents our fourth consecutive quarter of over 20% year-over-year earnings growth, and that highlights the consistency of our execution in placing our financial returns among the best-of-breed in the semiconductor industry. We are within striking distance of achieving our mid-term business model of 30% operating margin, which, as a reminder, generates around $3 in annualized earnings per share. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his comments on the market.
Donald W. Palette: Sure, Anne. This is Don. We've been pretty consistent about our ongoing investment in some of the key areas in the business. Particularly, if you look at the OpEx increase that we just saw from fiscal Q4 to the December quarter fiscal Q1, all of that increase was in R&D and that's a similar pattern that you'll see in our guide from March, and it's really just reflective of some critical investments that we're making in R&D teams to support our continued focus and ability to grow in some of these new vertical markets. So we feel really good about those investments. We've been consistent about our OpEx slowly increasing this year and -- but there's a tremendous amount of leverage still left in the model, when you look at the revenue growth.
Donald W. Palette: It's pretty consistent, Richard, with what we've talked about. It's -- number one, it's -- we have said consistently that we need to be at about $550 million per quarter in revenue. With that and with the spending profile we're looking for the rest of the year, that gives you the continued leverage on the OpEx expenses, which help. And we're going to continue to drive margin expansion. And that's a long list of items, whether it's leveraging the CapEx investments we're making, it's the improved margin on some of the new system solutions that are rolling out, it's our hybrid manufacturing model, our ability to keep our utilization at a very high rate, it's how we manage the supply chain. It's multiple things. So if you -- we would expect to drop that incremental revenue to about [ph] 48%, which will continue to drive margins. So it's a combination of both.
Donald W. Palette: Yes. Mike, as we've said, if you look at the suite of products and systems solutions that we're delivering in the diversified analog space, they are typically accretive to the overall corporate margins. So as we're successful, continuing to gain share and grow that business, it's going to, without question, move our margins forward. But I do want to point out, the margin expansion that you're seeing as well is the value add that we're doing in the complex system solutions that's tied into the mobile space as well. We're having some real good success there, too. So it's both. But clearly, the analog -- that analog piece of business growth margins will expand.
Donald W. Palette: As Liam said, it's a platform. So case-by-case, the margin profile can swing. But generally, it's at or above our best margins we would see typically in the mobile space. So that's kind of the way to think of it.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Suji. We did -- Thanks. We ended the quarter at $649 million in cash, and we're really happy with our consistent ability and the velocity with which we convert the strong earnings into cash flow. We're always looking at the capital structure. And clearly, when you look at our financial growth opportunities in the model going forward, that we're going to continue to buy back stock. We think it's an excellent way to deliver shareholder value. And just to frame that for everybody, we -- over the last 5 quarters, we have spent around $190 million on share buybacks. We still have over $200 million approved by the board of share buybacks. So we'll continue to be in the market to do that. You balance that with maintaining the financial flexibility for strategic growth initiatives. So that's one of the things that we do. And then, we absolutely are looking at a dividend as a possibility in the future. There's no question.
Donald W. Palette: Hello. Yes, sure, Tom. I would -- we don't really provide guidance going out, but CapEx for us is really volume dependent. So as we're making CapEx investments above our depreciation level around $20 million, that's a positive thing. The payback on the capital we're putting in is generally very, very short, and it's based on our visibility to volumes. I think it's safe to say that you should be thinking about something slightly above our depreciation level for now for the last 3 quarters of the fiscal year. That's a safe starting place.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Yes. This is Liam on that. MediaTek continues to be a really important customer for us. We are on their latest quad core platforms and their newest LTE platforms. And what that means for us is really a significant upgrade in content versus a traditional 2G or even a 3G phone, so we're seeing content around the power amplifier suite moving into more multi-mode complex systems, but we're also, in addition sweeping an ASM technology with switch, GPS in some cases and even seeing Wi-Fi attached. So it's a meaningful cycle, and we're in the very early innings of that upgrade throughout China.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Alex. Yes. I mean, outside of the core mobile business, we are seeing a lot of diversification and opportunities, home automation, ZigBee-enabled lighting. For example, we have a design win with Philips, where they're using blue light LED inside of a wearable patch for therapeutic purposes. The Fitbit example that Dave mentioned, another outstanding opportunity for us is leveraging Wi-Fi. We're moving into power management with DC-to-DC and voltage regulators. We have LED backlight in automotive applications. Just a broad reach of opportunities, and we feel that our team in the field is picking up more and more opportunities each quarter. We're very excited about where that can go.
Liam K. Griffin: First of all, we're still very bullish on mobile in general and smartphone specifically. We talked about China as a real theme that we're benefiting from. But even in traditional Tier 1 accounts, we continue to see the need for higher data rates, more advanced protocols and that brings complexity to the table. So as we look out through 2014 and the platforms we're designing now for 2015, the performance of these products is going up and up and our ability to deliver simplicity here is exactly what these customers want. So we're really excited about it -- the content theme is coming together. There's more bands. There's a lot of complexity in filtering and tuning. The analog suite that we bring to the table is another real key driver for us. So we like that. We think it's a great trend. We're seeing it with our Tier 1s. And as we talked about already today, we really like what we're seeing in China.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. It's a great question. We talked a lot about MIMO technology and access points using 3 x 3, even 4 x 4 multiple screens and access points to extend range and performance. We are actually, to your point, seeing this now in smartphones, and we think the benefit provided to the consumer is outstanding. It's, again, higher data rate, greater levels of connectivity, expanded range and the value to the consumer is there. And for us, it actually effectively doubles the content in phones that go 2 x 2 or 3 x 3 would be a triple. So we're excited by it and we like the fact that, again, the relentless demand for connectivity, for data -- for wireless data continues and the kind of solutions that we talked about here are really in high demand now.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Tony. Yes. So as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have 2 customers right now in production, HTC and Samsung. We're making great progress with both. We're in high-volume production on some very sleek smartphones. There's a number of customers right now that are in various stages of sampling, some traditional Tier 1, some players in Asia. But we certainly expect, as we see success with those 2 customers, we expect several more to ramp during the calendar year.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. That's a great question. As you know, we've seen really nice attach with Wi-Fi and tablets, and we're also, by the way, seeing tablet expanding dramatically from some of the real strong U.S.-based Tier 1s to a burgeoning market in China. So there -- that's good. So we see unit increase there that's substantial. All of that's been WiFi-enabled. But it is true we're starting to see more and more LTE -- full cellular LTE engines attaching with Wi-Fi. In the past, it may have been about 25% to 30% penetration. We've seen some companies go 100%. But certainly, the dial is moving up, and that does present a real significant pop in content for us.
Liam K. Griffin: Certainly. Yes. Well, SkyOne is a meaningful increase in content versus even our traditional Tier 1 engagements. So it provides not only a full multi-mode, multi-band power amplifier solutions, we bring in expertly matched and tuned filters. It's configurable. We can make a unique platform for any given customer. And what we also provide is a great deal of the engineering systems benefit. So a customer that has a time-to-market challenge or is spending their R&D budget on look-and-feel industrial design software screens, we can unburden them completely from this cycle engine [ph], so there's a lot of value. The 2 customers that we named, they're really just the beginning. Very proud to be within Samsung, I mean, they're the market leader in this space across the board. They found a great deal of value in our solution. HTC, another player that does incredible industrial design and really good brand, really good look and feel. We were a perfect solution there. And there's a long list of others that we're in various stages of sampling today, so we're quite bullish on our opportunity there.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. On the infrastructure side, I mean, it's an important market for Skyworks and it's been relatively flat over the last few years. We have strong position with Ericsson, with Huawei, with ZTE, Nokia-Siemens, so all of those players. We're starting now to see, finally, some upside with LTE rollouts. Everything that we've spoken about with respect to China and even the smartphone gains in the U.S. are moving towards 4G and LTE solutions. There needs to be that commensurate network infrastructure to handle the data. So we're finally seeing it. It's not double digit right now, but it's slowly moving in that direction. Fortunately, for us, over the last few years, we've really been doing a nice job expanding our reach, adding a lot of new products there, whether they be power management products or highly customized analog solutions. So we'll be in good shape when that market picks up.
Liam K. Griffin: Well, one of the most important parts is that it's made up of proven core building blocks that have been proven in Skyworks for years. We also have the ability to uniquely configure the solution, so it is not a one-shop-fits-all, kind of, solution. A lot of the work, the tuning, the matching, bringing in multiple bands of filters, using different technologies, as Dave pointed out, we have a very strong partnership with filter players [ph]. We can bring in BAW solutions, we can bring in SAW -- temp comp SAW. We can weave in our own power management, ET-based solutions if needed and then deliver unique MMPAs that wrap around it. So the ability to configure -- highly configure customer by customer rather than give a single monolithic solution is very important to us. We found each engagement to end up uniquely with a different design, and we found our benefit to deliver time-to-market. Our systems and tuning expertise from our teams, all to be really differentiators for SkyOne.
