David Aldrich: Hi, Ittai. Thank you. The strength we are seeing today as you know as we have said in the prepared comments is being heavily influenced by demand in the mobile internet and we talked about some new programs that are ramping for us outside of handsets in energy management home motivations and networking products. So, for us, we think that there will certainly be seasonality in margin and most people take that to be 8, 9, 10%. I don’t see any reason to forecast anything different than that and we hope to be able to outperform that given the specific program ramps we talked about.
David Aldrich: It is really handset – actually we are seeing some nice strength in infrastructure. We talked about HUAWEI and ZTE, we won some system package of VCO/Synthesizer business there so our share of those two customers is expanding so it is really the well-publicized handset softening that we have been dealing with now for a few months.
David Aldrich: Consistent with the way we typically do this forecast when you look at back log and you look at the hub hole forecast it is virtually 100%.Anthony Stoss – Craig Hallum Capital: Okay, thank you.
David Aldrich: I think that there are different technical approaches to how one might implement the chipset itself but let us be clear. The architecture that this various converge platforms are going after had been set, the foot prints has been set, the current consumption goals had been set, the power and the efficiency has been set, the all of the said set of systems specification are designed and known and we are meeting and or exceeding those system specifications in the architecture and our cost structure is lower than anybody. We are convinced to that for a lot of reasons so I think we are extremely competitive relatives to the system specs that our customers or partners need.Nathan Johnson – Pacific Crest Securities : Let me just add that you know every customer is given access and visibility to each one of the technologies that David mentioned fully converged a hybrid or discreet and really the way this pendulum works is the more discreet implementation the better performance. You literally build a device for a specific frequency and a specific band rather than comprising in a converged environment. I can tell you that customers today the most compelling OEMs and smart phones and tablets, these data rich devices that we mentioned is a performance driven market. It is performance driven market. We can go in any one of the three boxes but what we were seeing now is a prevailing view that has been go performance. Give me the values solution but it needs to be a high performance and that is leading more towards hybrid or discreet.
David Aldrich: The customer feedback has been extraordinarily good. Extraordinarily good. These devices are complicated. They are being implemented in different architectural approaches. At the end of the day, the customer does not care to the extent that it meets its size, performance cost and system specifications. And so we look at the marked key customers who we think that can be either early adapters or drive volumes of those products. We believe we have the best solution in the industry. And we are getting that feedback from our baseband partners. We are getting that feedback from major customers.
David Aldrich: I heard the split between the handset and linear is consistent from where it is been for the last several quarters 80% handset, 20% linear. One of the points I wanted to make on that is that we talked a lot about that our linear product business. The margin are created with the overall business and that is certainly true but one of the things that I wanted to point out is that we have had some pretty strong growth factors in the handset business and we have been able to that linear product percentage is not moving a lot being fairly consistent flat for the last multiple quarters. We still have been able to consistently grow and expand our product margins and our operating margins and that is a direct result of the mix that you are seeing within linear products and within handset as well and we just guided a 700-point margin improvement. So just want to make that point that the core products within each of those segments – the tide is rising on a margin (inaudible) to those.
David Aldrich: They have been both growing similarly which is a testament to the strength of (inaudible) in your product. I think you have probably seen that the diversified in locked market has been struggling a little bit with overall top line growth rate. That has not been the case with us. Part of it is because we are relatively new to some of the vertical market we discussed in our prepared comments so the starting for small base then grow trajectory quite high in energy management network infrastructure and so on. So that is the case and you will see that even within our handset business – that handset business now is queuing so heavily towards smart phones, towards tablets, towards very featured rich products and the ASP with those products is very high in the margin profile is different better. And so it is a very different market. Our (inaudible) business is becoming more customed. I see vertical market driven in less component like and our handset business is becoming much more customed solution oriented around high value, high performance. We are offering our customers a great deal of functionality for the dollar which puts much pressure on the ASP.
David Aldrich: Yeah. The top 10 percentage costumers – they are the same as the previous quarter with Nokia, Samsung and (inaudible).
David Aldrich: We do not break those percentages down. The only time we do any percentages, anybody who is 10% or exact numbers when we do the (inaudible) on an annual basis. But quarterly Ed, we do not provide that detail.
David Aldrich: It is a lot of questions there but I appreciate it. I believe that these converged platforms will play. They will get the technical issue resolved. They are very complicated. But they will work. They will take longer to get to market than most people projected because that is often the case with new technology. I am also convinced that it will be a market that becomes segmented around different technological solutions. We are now developing product to per customer baseband specification for 2012, 2013 that are very much a hybrid single bands of LTE around some degree of hybrid converged type platform but not completely converged and there are others that will drive towards a more highly integrated. And the trade-off will be performance versus cost versus cost in size. And market will settle into different issues. I think we will utilize one architectural approach versus another so we are very, very agnostic. For us it is we are equally investing in whatever flavor our customer wants and today our customers’ talking to somebody who addresses all of them. They want all of the above. Literally, all of the above.
David Aldrich: I think on a product basis, it will be a product line that is most highly integrated. There will be more silicon content, there will be more frequency conversion, functionality, more complicated devices, a little bit less of the jelly bean components that maybe - launched us into the catalogue business a few years ago. Still a great business but I think that is where the growth will come from. And it will come from the areas we discussed in the prepared comments.
David Aldrich: Thank you very much for participating on today’s call and we are looking forward in seeing you at our upcoming conferences.
Liam Griffin: Jonathan, this is Liam. We are diversifying in sort of the immediate technical larger player and we have great position there. We have expanded which (inaudible) and smaller players like Mstar. So we will be diversified as much as possible across the basement partners. Another move that we are making now that you will are going to see the benefits of in 2011 is consorted effort to penetrate HUAWEI and ZTE more fully. Moving in the 3G Technology – they are basically in China right now. The lead players for 3G to are doing some great work with data cards as well as handsets and as Dave has alluded to our infrastructure opportunity in China looks very promising. We are starting to see strength now come together in our integrated package is not – I think that has a tremendous operation cycle worth coming in 2011.
Liam Griffin: I think really the good news in the transformation of our business over the last few years has been it has moved so far away from many commoditized business like the old 2G days when there was an opportunity to win a design and then have to reoffer or recompete for that design. Today it is all around pretty highly customized solutions with our chips and partners going at specific statements or specific OEMs and so we know what we wanted and we know where we are positioned and I think one thing that is very, very unique about us is that we are in production with all OEMs and all smart phone manufacturer. We have relationships and volume with all of the major baseband providers in the world – all of them. So I think at the market as we describe at our analyst day and then prepared comments for smart phones, for tablets and the overall handset market is going to be strong. It is going to be shifting again away from the low end, low performance towards future phones and the high end. That is a clear shift that will continue and we have decreased our share in each one of those segments going in 2011 versus where we are at 2010. We are very confident of that because it is kind of something you do not launch a phone in 2011 unless you are working in that ecosystem 18 months ago.
Liam Griffin: Yeah, I know absolutely. This is Liam. We speak with our customers on a regular basis specifically let us say the top five major handsets OEMs and the larger smart phone players. We are having discussions with them weekly. We have very good visibility for the hub equation that David mentioned so that gives us in fact day by day inventory visibility and with respect to carrier inventory right now we feel like it is in balance.
Liam Griffin: Chard, this is Liam. Yeah, the pricing environment has been not well balanced so far, nothing unusual. What we are seeing as I mentioned earlier is what we really liked about this market today is there is so many opportunities for us to differentiate and deliver solutions using creative architectures. Again, playing off with our performance theme so we believe that we are going to see devices going to 2011 quite a bit different than what we are shaping out in 2010. A lot more integration in some cases. There are some higher performance devices in market like LTE. There you can have very significant ASPs but also provide great performance and great value to the customers. So I would think 2011 would work a little bit like 2010 and maybe more favorable from these perspective.
Liam Griffin: Yeah. I mean that is a great question. We see a whole different customer set when we look at these protocols now. It is as David mentioned that there is still heavily silicon-based technology. We are using creative designs to try to create a better mouse trap so to speak. So we cannot just go in and blow away components. We look at systems, highly system level packages here. Thing we have done with (inaudible) are perfect examples where we going to grade 6 to 7 components to deliver a very high valued, high performance solution that puts up tremendous various entries. So that is going to be the theme around our protocol position. And so is (inaudible), try to deliver something differently but also take advantage of our technical T&A.
Eric – Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, guys for taking the question this is Eric calling in for Tore. Maybe you could just elaborate a little more the (inaudible) integrated product we just discussed now. If you could talk a bit about the performance of your solution and perhaps give some customer feedback to date any known issues. That will be helpful. 
Eric – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, that is helpful. Maybe just two quick ones, could you give the split between the linear and the handset business and then maybe just comment on where the yields are and cycle times based on the similar commentary you gave last month or the end September 30 during your analyst data? It would be helpful, thanks.
Eric – Stifel Nicolaus: As a follow on with Donald’s comments, with these multi-mode solutions the very first large customer going into high volume production will be early in 2011. The yields on those products and the margins on those products look very good. And to that we will be the first supplier in volume production with the multi-mode solution in the world and the yields looks very good on those products.
