David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Steve, and welcome, everyone. We had another strong performance in the third quarter of fiscal 2013, exceeding guidance across all key metrics. I'm pleased with the progress we've made towards our overarching strategic goals of diversification and market expansion. Both of these initiatives contributed towards our outperformance in the third quarter. Along with this, our growing portfolio of highly integrated, high-performance analog solutions helped to drive strong sequential margin improvement and helped to drive earning upside. During the quarter, we posted revenue of $436 million. That's up 12% year-over-year. We delivered gross margin of 44%, nearly a 200-basis-point increase versus the prior quarter. We produced operating profit of $112 million. That's up 22% versus a year ago. And we earned $0.54 per share, and that's up over 20% year-over-year and $0.01 better than our guidance. We also repurchased roughly 4 million shares of our common stock during the quarter and ending with a cash balance of $400 million. And finally, our return on invested capital was over 20%. This is well in excess of our cost of capital. And for the current quarter, we are guiding revenue to be up nearly 9% sequentially to $475 million, driven by contributions from new market initiatives, program ramps and share gains. During the fourth quarter, we'll continue to demonstrate the significant earnings leverage in our business model. Based on the outlook for strong revenue growth, gross margin expansion and operating expense leverage, we are guiding for fourth quarter EPS of $0.62, representing a 17% year-over-year growth. Our near-term results continue to be quite healthy, but more importantly, our long-term outlook remains very bright. We're in a unique position to capitalize as advanced forms of connectivity spread across a widening array of end markets. As our guidance implies, fiscal 2013 will be a record earnings year for Skyworks. And with our current opportunity funnel and recent design momentum, we put in place the groundwork to continue our above-market growth trajectory, realizing our vision of providing mobile Internet growth with the financial returns of a diversified analog company. Before going into more detailed market update, I'd like to turn it over to Don for an in-depth review of our financial results and our outlook.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. And Craig, for all the dynamics we described in our prepared comments, I would expect over time to see the more diversified elements grow faster than traditional business for Skyworks, incidentally with accretive margins.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. I would add that our highest growth customers in that segment today are Huawei, followed by ZTE. But as Liam said, we don't think that market is reliable enough for the count on it in short- and mid-term growth. We're simply not factoring in any growth and hope to someday be surprised.
David J. Aldrich: We saw our strength in connectivity, broadly speaking, Wi-Fi business, our home business. We saw the early program ramps of some automotive programs and some industrial applications. So that was a nice uptick for us. Those segments in aggregate are becoming meaningful growth drivers for us now. We also saw some nice growth in emerging markets, with highly integrated systems and devices going into some of the smartphones. As you probably know or have seen in Teardown reports, we're aligned very tightly with, for example, MediaTek, with some pretty slick, highly integrated devices that are beginning to ramp. So we're seeing some uptake in the emerging markets and expect that to continue.
David J. Aldrich: Well -- I think Liam could help me with this question as well, Mike. I don't -- it's not really share gains that's driving the growth and that's driving the margin expansion. It is much more a function of -- I'd put it in this order. One is, we are gaining a lot more content as we bundle our system solution around what had been traditional analog and RF content. So you're seeing a very high attach rate with GPS, power management, Wi-Fi, in addition to switching and control and amplification. So that's a big driver for us. I would put right up there with that just penetration into new markets. We're getting high ASP with very high contribution for products that have been custom-designed into some of the vertical markets we've been talking about. You thought about energy. You think about energy management, infrastructure, but this is much broader than that now. We're seeing the Connected Home, the automobile. And these are meaningful revenue drivers with really nice margin. So I think that we're in the right place at the right time with the right chipset partners in the case of the emerging market growth, so that was also a contributor. So I wouldn't call it share gains as much as I would, just a concerted effort to diversify and to add more value to our customers. And yes, as a result, you do gain share, and you box out competitors as you raise the bar technically with these more integrated solutions. But the intent is really to service our customers with more content and a better overall system experience.
David J. Aldrich: Yes. Okay. I think, Ed, the first part of your question was about filters, specifically, I take it, our participation in filters. You mentioned pads and so on. So let me try to clarify that a little bit. We participate in filters when it's part of a more integrated system. A pad is a good example. SkyOne, as a product family, incorporates many of the duplexers. We can use our manufacturing techniques to do a lot of die stacking and inexpensive small footprint integration that's pretty unique, and we have some proprietary capabilities there that we're exploiting. And we are one of the largest integrator of filters in the world. I think we are the largest by unit volume today. Again, we don't sell discrete filters. That's not our business. And I expect to continue to do extremely well there. We are in a unique competitive advantage, oddly enough, because since we don't -- we're not vertically integrated or filtered, nor do we want to be. We think that's a long-term lower margin, more commoditized segment of the mobile business. However, because we are not in a filter business, we've got great relationships and strategic partnerships with a growing list of filter suppliers because we use a different filter below 2 gigahertz. We use simple SAWs that are cheap. We temperature compensate a SAW for certain applications where spectrum is very tight, and that temperature compensation improves the frequency performance. Above 2 gigahertz, we use some volt devices from a couple of different suppliers that really give us an advantage again with spectral crowding and higher frequency. So we're a really good partner for these filter suppliers because we're really their only conduit to some of these very high-volume sockets. And they view us that way, and they're opening capacity up for us. And we're doing some proprietary packaging and designs to make it sticky.
David J. Aldrich: Our China business has been running in the mid-single digits. That's been fairly consistent. And it's really been the intersection of less investment in 2G, a technology that's in decline unit volume-wise. And I think profit-wise, it's in decline. So we focused exclusively on those areas of integration where we have a competitive advantage. And I think that the market is, over the long term, going to see that it's very difficult to hit the BOM cost targets with the amount of complexity that's inherent in the smartphone, even for -- even in China. And so we've done some things that are very unique around low cost but high-performance, highly integrated. And we get good margin on those products. So it's relatively small today, though. It had hit -- it has passed the inflection point where 2G was declining faster than the uptake in 3G. And we now are seeing growth. And we saw growth this quarter. And we're ramping some new programs. And we expect to see some growth in the next quarter as well.
David J. Aldrich: I would say this year and our pricing negotiations for next year, we're seeing a little bit less pricing pressure than we saw last year. I think it's partly the mix. Remember, pricing pressure is in direct proportion to the number of competitors and how sticky a product is or how much value the product adds. And what we're increasingly finding with the products we're addressing is that we don't see multiple competitors. It's custom. It's virtually all custom. So what we're trying to do is develop a product that, from its onset, hits the customer's desired BOM point but does so in a way where we have high contribution because the product is very unique. And as subsequent generations of designs, and if you look at -- in fact, if you look at recent Teardowns, you'll see a lot more Skyworks content with devices that are fully shield, that are integrated or that are at least bundled and optimized for the ultimate system performance. You're seeing a lot more power devices, more voltage regulation devices, more connectivity devices. So Vivek, I think it's not the case that we're selling components with a bunch of competitors. We're selling system solutions with a narrow set of competitors to change as we move from market-to-market. And that's been a concerted effort on our part to migrate our business away from components and commodities, and we're being much more successful today.
David J. Aldrich: And I think to follow on to Liam's comment, I really should stress that almost no one is buying a PA today or a switch. They're concerned with, look, I've got a number of bands that's exploding. I need to go from the output of that transceiver. I need to know what voltage and power that front-end is going to see. I need to tune it at the antenna. And I need you to shield all of this and frequency synthesize and convert it in a manner that I don't have harmonics problems and I can fit it in a physical footprint off the board. And that's very different than a model that I think you're referring to when you talk about commodity pricing. And I think if you're only selling -- for those few customers who want to buy a discrete PA and a 2G, there's too many competitors. I don't -- that's not our business focus.
David J. Aldrich: Alex, the first part of the question, with respect to mix and slowdowns and so on, I think it's helpful to point out, that there isn't an OEM with meaningful volume today that we don't have some business with. And overall, that business is increasing in content and TAM share, if you will. We're adding more functionality. So yes, well, of course, we're not immune from any OEM who's having a difficulty. We see it. If there's another customer who's taking some of that share, we typically see it as well. And so we're more of a broad proxy in terms of the overall growth in unit volume and then we add to that incremental content and then we add to that the higher attach rate in these focused vertical markets, which are -- were coming from a relatively small position and seeing strong sequential growth for several quarters now.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you, Anthony. With respect to SkyOne, SkyOne is a unique product. It is, as Liam mentioned, highly configurable to region of the specific customer architectures. But it has 1 common theme, and that is it is all bands of amplification with matched to the duplexer with all the switching and frequency conversion. And so it's a pretty unique product. By definition, Anthony, when we capture those socket, we capture the entire analog front-end. There isn't anything outside of it. And then, of course, the attach rate with Wi-Fi for us is very, very high. So I think you should think of it in terms of -- the SkyOne isn't for every application. It's not for every socket. But it's a great product platform for a number of customers who are going to be able to get to market quickly, where otherwise, they simply could not deal with the complexity, even of a strong reference design. They need to take -- they need this to be shielded, dropped, have it be completely bulletproofed, and that's what SkyOne does.
David J. Aldrich: Anthony, in the public domain now, there are a couple of the early high-running ac routers, for example. And those products, we've got $5, $6, $7. We've got upwards of 10 devices, power-management devices going to multiple antennas with amplifiers and switches and filters. I mean, it is amazing how complex those devices are and how much value we can add by being out in front of ac and then to be able to do some unique things to integrate and package. That's a great business for us.
David J. Aldrich: Boy. Well, the December quarter we expect to be seasonally up as it normally is. We could debate how to handicap what up means, but we expect it to be up relative to September. I think more importantly, we have good visibility for December because a number of phones and smartphones and tablets in that segment of our business, you will be seeing new platforms hitting the market. That's just the way it is at the end of a calendar year. And we like our position there a lot. So we think the market will be up in December. We think we'll be up more than the market, and we can identify those programs today.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, that's a great question. I think that in one sense, the RF360 and Skyworks' highly integrated products, including SkyOne, are really addressing a fundamental issue that we have common to both of us, and that is that RF complexity is exploding dozens of bands. Harmonics, coexistence issues are a real issue. OEMs need to simplify all this complexity. So I completely agree with Qualcomm on that front. And there are painfully few suppliers who can do anything close to the level of integration our customers need today, which is why we're seeing the margin accretion that we're seeing in the mobile space. However, here's where we differ. Every customer is different. No one-size-fits-all. They have differences in terms of the regions they want to address, the number of bands, how they look to implement, where they see the sensitivity in the system, given what they're trying to deliver in terms of functionality. So we do not see a one-size-fits-all design approach, which is why we've made SkyOne, for example, to be highly reconfigurable, even though it's highly integrated. The other place where we differ is we do not see any customers willing to take any iota of compromise on performance, particularly with respect to current consumption. And so if you look at SkyOne, it has the very best process functionality, the very best packaging technology to deliver the best performance for each functional block within that transmit chain because we just don't see any customers willing to say, "Well, it's not that -- the performance isn't as good, but it's highly integrated." Well, so what? So we see this is an area where Skyworks excels, in fact.
David J. Aldrich: Well, we do. My expectation is that December, we'll have -- be seasonally high. It always is. We're not trying to handicap what that number is. But we've got some strong program ramps, some content gains and some verticals that are ramping going into the December quarter. So we expect to outperform whatever that seasonal number is.
David J. Aldrich: Well, it depends. I think the upgrade cycle from 2G to 3G, particularly in China, is going to take a lot of different forms. It will be ultimate very high-end smartphones, and they'll have similar content. I think there won't be that many of those, frankly, because I think a lot of the upgrade will be more regional or be TD-LTE and bypass some of the bands. I think they need to do that to hit those -- what the market price will bear from a price point standpoint. So I think it's anywhere from a few dollars to several dollars, and that's a -- it's a big uptake obviously from the $0.50 in 2G, but that's where I kind of see it, a few dollars. It's not the $10 or $12, at least not for very many phones.
David J. Aldrich: Well, it's not -- the Internet of Things, it’s not one thing. We kind of -- we're talking about the Connected Home and all the various forms that connectivity is taking in automobiles and other applications. And I'm not sure -- maybe I don't understand the question. It's well over 10% today if you look at what the Internet of Things means to us. It's huge.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, James, it's hard to say, to handicap it because there are an awful lot of high-performance analog devices in our mobile products. So, for example, take a look at a Teardown report of a phone today, of a smartphone, and there's a number of them out there, we have several dollars of content that has nothing to do with kind of a PA switch sort of a thing. So it's really hard and in some ways not quite as relevant, right, because if it's high-performance analog into tablet, so be it, right, or in a smartphone. So...
David J. Aldrich: Yes. So I think it will -- over time, it will continue to trend faster and higher. But the distinction -- when we talk about the connectivity of things, the distinction between that which is a mobile device and that which is not is getting increasingly hard to do because the challenges are the same and the products are quite similar.
David J. Aldrich: That's true. Good point. That's true. So it will trend higher over time, but it won't be a big needle or a curve. We think it'll be graceful.
David J. Aldrich: I think it's more a reflection on the white box percentage. We're seeing -- we have a lot of business now with Lenovo, Huawei, ZTE. So I think it's more of the sort of the open market stuff.
David J. Aldrich: Quinn, I'm glad you asked that question because what I'm really thrilled about is that if I look at this quarter, if I look at September, it is very diversified. It's diversified in the sense that it's a diverse set of customers. It's diversified in the sense that those existing customers are buying more content from us across the board, Quinn, across the board. And I really like the work that our high-performance analog teams have done with these teams focused on specific verticals and what they've been able to undercover in terms of underserved opportunities for us. Sometimes it's manufacturing integration, often, it's the intersection of manufacturing with high-performance devices with a newly connected market -- existing market that becomes newly connected. And so I am thrilled with the degree of diversification that we're rolling out in September, and you see it in the margins.
Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks again for joining, everyone. Revenue for the third quarter was $436.1 million, slightly ahead of our prior guidance of $435 million. Gross profit was $191.8 million or 44% of revenue. That's up 180 basis points sequentially and 80 basis points from the third quarter of 2012. Our strong margin performance reflects the strategic shift in our product portfolio toward more differentiated performance-based solutions. Operating expenses were $80 million, in line with our guidance and consisting of R&D expense of $49.3 million and SG&A expense of $30.7 million. We generated $111.9 million of operating income, up 22% versus last year. Operating margin was 25.7%, a 220 basis-point increase versus the year-ago quarter. Below the line, we recorded $200,000 in other expenses and had a cash tax rate of 7.5%. Net income was $103.8 million or $0.54 of diluted earnings per share, and that's $0.01 better than guidance and representing earnings growth of 20% year-over-year. Turning to our third quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement, we generated $65 million of cash flow from operations. We invested $33.4 million in capital expenditures and had depreciation of $18.5 million. We also repurchased nearly 4 million shares of our common stock, representing an investment of roughly $92 million. And we exited the quarter with $400 million in cash and no debt. Our business continues to generate very strong cash flow, and we are on a path to produce over $450 million in cash flow from operations for fiscal 2013. Given the positive momentum in our business and our fine confidence in our future prospects, we continue to believe that repurchasing shares of our common stock represents a highly accretive use of cash. As a result of our more aggressive activity over the last 3 quarters, we have largely completed the $200 million repurchase program that we initiated back in November 2012. We expect to remain active in the market, and to that end, we are pleased to announce that our Board has authorized a new $250 million program, providing us with a capacity for additional repurchases in the coming quarters. Tuning to our fourth quarter outlook. Based on our current backlog and order visibility, we expect revenue to be $475 million, up -- roughly up 9% sequentially and 13% year-over-year. We expect gross margin to be between 44% and 44.5%. And as a reminder, going forward, we suggest modeling incremental gross margins at a 48% rate from the fourth quarter baseline. We project fourth quarter operating expenses to be around $81 million. Below the line, we anticipate $200,000 in expenses from interest income and other expense, with a cash tax rate around 8.5%. Putting all this together, at $474 million -- $475 million in revenue, with gross margin at the midpoint of 44.25% and $81 million in operating expenses, we anticipate fourth quarter operating margins to be over 27%, with EPS of $0.62 on a base of 190 million shares. In summary, we're continuing our track record of execution, producing above market growth and best-in-class financial returns. All of the underlying drivers are in place for Skyworks to continue to outperform, putting us on a clear path to achieving our mid-term business model of 30% operating margin, which, as a reminder, generates earnings per share of around $0.75 a quarter. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave for his comments on the market.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Craig, the mix was really relatively consistent with what we've seen. Linearity today was 40% of the revenue, and handset smartphones was 60%.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, Harsh, I mean, as we had guided, we expected and we did deliver some meaningful expansion in the third quarter. We ended at 44%. Through multiple factors, I'd say that 2 of the critical ones, is, as Dave said, we're seeing an increase in the diversified analog content in our mobile space, as well as in the other vertical markets. And that -- those all have accretive margins. And we're also see -- with the new products that were ramping across a lot of different markets, this isn't just mobile or diversified analog, we're just seeing accretive margins, and we're starting to realize a lot of benefit from our design for cost focus and the value that our customers are assigning to the differentiated performance-based solutions that we're providing. And the volume helps as well. And we're a company that continues to focus on factory performance and product cost. And it's about yields, it's about productivity, the CapEx you see us spending that has very quick paybacks. All that contributes to incremental margin performance. So it's a lot of things.
Donald W. Palette: Well, we just guided $81 million, which is a little bit up from where we've been running around $80 million for the prior -- several prior quarters before that. We're making some targeted R&D and field apps investments that are going to support some new growth opportunities. We think they're going to drive shareholder value. So we'll do that whenever that opportunity presents itself. So you're going to see some increases as we move forward. There's pay increase maybe mid-fiscal period for us that does move OpEx a little bit. So I would think about that you can ramp that so that we're at that kind of $84 million level by the end of 2014. That's kind of a good way to think about it.
Donald W. Palette: Well, as I said, Mike, that it's a combination of factors. It's the increased diversified analog content. It's better margins on products, new products that we're ramping. And we're seeing the benefit of the differentiated performance that we're providing with the customers, as well as the cost focus. Volume always helps, and it's driving improvements across all the metrics. And, in fact, it's all those things that are driving margin expansion. And we've said to use off of this new forecast we just provided you, which is 44.25%, is to drop the incremental revenue in your models through at 48%. And what that gets you when you look at the 30% model we had originally targeted around $550 million, that drops that number down to a slightly lower revenue level when you do that.
Donald W. Palette: I would use the $200,000 expense. Every once in a while, we'll get some impact from currency, but it's minimal for us. That's the right thing to do.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Craig. Well, we are seeing a great opportunity for the infrastructure space to pick up. It's been somewhat soft now, and there really isn't a meaningful change in our near-term guidance. But we continue to gain market share. We've noted some recent design wins with companies like Ericsson, where we've increased 3x our content on LTE base stations. We're also doing some very good work with a small cell opportunity, which we think is going to be a big driver for us, also, some attach with WiLAN. So the design win position for us actually is getting much, much better. And we're confident that the carriers are going to be spending shortly, and we're going to see some upside.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Mike, this is Liam. The China business, as Dave outlined earlier, is actually really moving in the right direction for us now. We've been engaged with MediaTek and Spreadtrum for quite a while. We're seeing the early stages of an upgrade cycle there where our content can go up 2 to 3x from the baseline 2G business. The other important thing about China, you still have the majority of the subscribers carrying 2G feature phones. So there's opportunity in our core business, but we're also seeing an extended reach. As you go into the smartphone world in China, you're increasingly seeing Wi-Fi for the first time. You're seeing more complexity in the Antenna Switch Modules, GPS applications and power. So as Dave said, it's share gains, but it's also a broadening reach for us. And China, for the most part, has been really slow to adopt some of those new technologies, and we're looking forward to some upside there.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Ed. And with respect to SOI, silicon product, we certainly have been deploying those technologies in our switching business. And when you move into high throw ASMs, which now is the prevailing approach 6 to 8, and it's up to 12 throws, carrier aggregation, as you note, is becoming a very important part of the equation now, as you stitch channel bandwidths wider and wider in upcoming smartphones. Even Wi-Fi, we've been using SOI technology broadly. So we feel real good about our position there. We have PM technology as well. And whatever the market needs, we're going to be ready to deliver.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Blayne. Well, we've made great progress over the last quarter with SkyOne. And let me just remind you that this is really an engine that provides our customers with a unique value proposition. We're delivering a fully functional yet highly simplified solution. It is configurable, it sweeps in all the key elements of the RF chain and we do all the tuning and matching. It addresses the challenges that we've all discussed here about increasing complexity, and band count also matched with the need for power efficiency and size. So with that said, we've made great progress. We're sampling a number of customers. We continue to do that. And we actually have design wins now that we would expect to be shipping by the end of the year.
Liam K. Griffin: Well, I mean, it's a combination. We certainly will take advantage of opportunities to bring what we would call traditional analog technology into our mobile suite, and we've done well with that. But we are seeing an increasing suite of opportunities and applications in broad markets. We've talked a lot about Smart Energy. We're also doing work now supporting connectivity and LED lighting. We're doing panel power for tablets. We've been doing work with video security. There's just a whole plethora of opportunities that we're going after with our high-performance business. Some of it uses traditional products like our 802.11ac. Some of it’s more organic technology that we've grown in-house. But we're very pleased with that opportunity. And quite frankly, as much as our numbers have been strong, there's tremendous market share there that we haven't yet tapped.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. And Alex, with respect to China, you've got 2 dynamics. You have just a richer content mix in smartphones, whether they're 3G or 3G TD-SCDMA. You've got that benefit. And then you have the actual subscriber upgrade cycle going now where the majority of new subscribers are moving into that category. So you have more units of smartphone increase, and then you have a content gain in each smartphone.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, I think -- well, exactly. So we are seeing accretive for sure. And the TD-LTE opportunity for us is actually quite positive. We've been working with a number of the key players. We're also starting to talk with carriers a bit and looking for ways to do something unique, create more of that systems approach that, really, in markets like China, when you're dealing with customers like Lenovo and some of the smaller players, the benefit for us to come in and provide more systems architectural solutions really plays well. So I think that will all come together, and we have the right people on the ground to make it happen.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. With respect to WiLAN, I mean, we're seeing ubiquitous attachment. Now it's an incredible market for us. We're benefiting with an 11ac rollout and a handset that's just starting, and we have great position there. We're seeing an access point opportunity that is incredible. We have MIMO technology, multiple in/multiple out. Teardown is available across the board that show the richness of that opportunity. And the need for the speed. When you think of what is available today for content to the consumer, you need 11ac technology to bring that home. So that's great. And then we're seeing Wi-Fi move into some of our home automation markets, where we see Wi-Fi for video security, set-top box with customers like Comcast and others. So Wi-Fi for us now just creates such a broad opportunity that some of it's mobile, some of it's analog, some of it's home automation. It has a pretty amazing growth rate to it.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. I think there will be many platforms. We do work with TI on some ZigBee sockets. There's also silicon labs and some others that we work with there. So that business is great. We've been in that market for quite a while, doing a lot of work with Itron and Sensus, Landis+Gyr, Silver Spring Networks in the Bay Area. But what's equally exciting now is this proliferation of what we call home automation where the unit count goes way up. We've got, as I said earlier, opportunities to connect lighting, to connect appliances, to connect security systems. And the unit count there is much higher than it would be just with a meter communicating back to the utility. So the good news for us is that we have the technology to play. We have the ZigBee technology, we have the Wi-Fi technology, the switching and systems capability to deliver the solution as the customers may see. But back to the opening comments about 50 billion connected things, however that number goes, it's going to get much higher, and the ability to connect is going to be there. And Skyworks has the right to policy. So we're very -- we're excited about it and look forward to updating you over the next couple of quarters.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. So markets moving up, one of the important points is that the competitive landscape is narrowing. The 2G market, we've been a player there for years, still do some work. But the landscape there is somewhat commoditized by the simplicity of the products. When you're moving to the next generation, whether it's the quad-core MediaTek design or some of the new TD-SCDMA devices out of Spreadtrum, there's a great deal more complexity, there's more energy around efficiency in the design. There are smartphones now, so they're driving more current. And our ability to kind of flex our engineering muscle and to lever our differentiated products goes up as these phones launch. So we think it's a better field for us to play on. Margins should be better, and content will continue to grow.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. I think in the -- yes, in the unaddressable -- on the markets that we haven't yet addressed, let me put it that way, there's a lot of upside. So we're just starting to tackle markets like medical and home automation and tackle markets like automotive. And we're actually very surprised -- pleasantly surprised with the opportunity that we see as many of these markets move to connectivity. Telematics and automotive, for example, really wasn't a market 2, 3 years ago, and we're addressing that. We're doing home monitoring and medical. So there's a number of things that we're now going after and seeing kind of a convergence to wireless that we can take advantage of, and we haven't done it yet. It's just early innings.
Liam K. Griffin: Some of our ZigBee connections are more than sub-dollar. It depends on where you are. When you tend to be -- if you're at the meter, for example, there's higher-end product than you are if you're in an LED light. So it can vary depending on the opportunity.
Liam K. Griffin: And certainly, James, we have a lot of headroom there. I think we're doing very well in mobile, and we're bringing analog into mobile, of course. But there's a lot of work and opportunity in front of us where we can bring accretive margins in with our high-performance analog in the markets that we talked about before, whether it's infrastructure, whether it's automotive markets that typically have the 50-point-plus GMs.
