Liam Griffin: Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Before reviewing the fourth fiscal quarter results, I want to highlight the significant accomplishments that underpinned another year of record financial performance for Skyworks. Specifically, for fiscal 2022, we generated a record $5.5 billion in revenue, a 7% year-over-year increase. We achieved a record $2 billion in revenue for our broad markets, up 37% year-over-year, representing 36% of total revenue. We drove earnings per share to a record of $11.24, and we returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Now turning to the September quarter. Our diversified portfolio and expanding set of customers drove record Q4 performance. We delivered revenue of $1.4 billion, a Q4 record and above consensus estimates. We achieved gross margin of 51.3% and operating margin of 37.6%. And we posted earnings per share of $3.02, exceeding our guidance by $0.12. In addition to the record financial results, we continued building a foundation for long-term growth, with strong operational execution and design win momentum. In mobile, we delivered integrated platforms to the leading 5G smartphone OEMs, including flagship and mid-tier launches at Google, Samsung and others. In IoT, we continue to gain new customers and extend the content. We partnered with Vodafone to launch the UK's first Wi-Fi 6E platform. We shipped into tri-band platforms for Frontier Communications, and we launched connectivity solutions with Amazon, supporting their Wi-Fi 6 Power over Ethernet access points. Across the infrastructure and industrial markets, we provided programmable timing solutions for a leading optical transport OEM, simplifying 400G capacity in data centers and telco networks. We captured new infrastructure wins at Samsung, enabling service providers to expand mid-band capacity and coverage. And we delivered comprehensive timing technologies, delivered to a leading O-RAN small cell provider. In automotive, we achieved another record of quarterly results, with revenue strength highlighting our connectivity and power isolation portfolio. We secured digital radio platforms with a global EV leader, as well as a top European luxury brand. We developed onboard charging solutions for a leading Korean OEM, and we received a key supplier award from Schneider Electric, highlighting the capabilities of our power isolation portfolio. Moving forward, mobility, the shift to the cloud and the electrification of automobiles are all key catalysts driving demand for our unique solutions. The value and utility of mobile data continues to grow, with estimates of 750 million mobile subscribers being added by 2027. In parallel, global cloud revenues are expected to reach $1 trillion by 2028, representing an annual growth rate of 16%. And by 2030, an estimated 96% of new vehicles will feature onboard connectivity and nearly 25 of those vehicles will be electric. Each of these trends require complex connectivity engines, underpinning the need for high-speed, ultra-reliable, low latency performance. Skyworks is uniquely positioned to craft faster, smaller and more efficient form factors, seamlessly integrating and customizing for an expanding set of customers, end markets and applications. As these opportunities emerge, Skyworks is poised to win, with a talented team that has executed extraordinarily well in the face of macroeconomic and geopolitical headwinds. With our market-leading profitability and scale, we are leveraging strategic technologies from high-performance filters to custom gallium arsenide and advanced packaging, while elevating performance for a coveted set of diverse customers. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, Kris. As our record financials demonstrate, our portfolio is powering an increasingly broad set of applications across the market's most essential and fast and growing -- fastest growing segments. Our proven execution and deep customer partnerships position Skyworks to outperform. Moving forward, our revenue diversification, profitability and cash generation will fuel long-term growth, while increasing shareholder returns through dividends and share buybacks. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line to questions.
Liam Griffin: Sure, Harsh. Appreciate the question. Yes, it's certainly been volatile across the space. But I would say the China markets have been certainly a unique situation. Now, as you know, for us, we've been much more focused on the higher-end brands, although we're exposed to global markets broadly. What we have seen is, Android markets contract quite a bit. And within there, the OVX portfolios and mobile have been hit quite hard. But the good news for us, Harsh, and I think you know this, is that we've been slowly driving more towards the higher-end brands. The exposure to the OVX markets have been radically reduced and derisked in our portfolio. Even going back to the early days of the Huawei and ZTE and coming down to the OVX markets, we've been able to manage through those headwinds. But I would say that, as we go forward, the portfolio that we have in front of us is outstanding the technology developments that we put forth, the investments that we've made in scale and technology, the diversification themes that we put forth, they are all going to be incredible benefits and tailwinds for us once these markets normalize. So we feel really good about it. China is definitely a weak spot, I think, in terms of relative strength, there's still some opportunity for us, but it's definitely a bumpy part of the landscape today.
Liam Griffin: Yes. It's hard to tell for sure, Harsh. But I would say that, the relationships that we have with the key customers and the visions that we have together on opportunities, we still feel like there can be some recovery here. Of course, this is unique circumstances for the industry, in general, but I definitely would look at Skyworks to outperform on a relative basis. There may be some headwinds here continued, but I expect that our team is going to be able to navigate that better than others. It's not just words. The ability to manage our fabs, to deliver very, very high-performance solutions in our factories and put those together with our customers day to day. So we're not a company that puts products on the shelf and looks for our customers to pull. We work together to drive a demand curve to be very, very much in lockstep with the players that we're with. And hopefully, that has been in the past, and hopefully, we'll continue that we can continue to drive success with our customers knowing that we're a proven supplier and a proven solution for them.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Sure. Good question. Just to kind of kick that off, we ended our fiscal 2022 with a $2 billion broad markets business. So that's really good. 36% of annual revenue there. So a lot of good work going on. But the opportunity there is outstanding. If you look at some of the markets that we have today, really good position, a lot of strength in mobile, and that will continue. But the broad markets business has an entirely different set of opportunities. It's much broader. The technology nodes are more far reaching, and the customer set is extremely large. I think those are important, important points. If you think about where we're going right now, we're making strides in the automotive business. We're making more and more headwind here or more an upside in infrastructure. The IoT portfolios continue to grow, a lot of connectivity in that, but also looking at more industrial applications and industrial customers. So there's a lot going on there in broad markets. And our sales and marketing teams are working every corner of the globe here to drive revenue. There's definitely for Skyworks, a lot of headroom coming from our current base, and we expect that to be a key driver going into FY 2023 and beyond.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I would also say that, despite the near-term bumps with that customer, there's a great opportunity for content gains, and so we're excited about that. And there's really -- there isn't anything that's going to impede on an effort. So there's a lot of opportunity for us to round that out. I think the China case, we have derisked appropriately, but we have a great deal of opportunity with the other leading smartphone players. So -- and we're -- our teams are all over that.
Liam Griffin: Yes. And that being, largely -- we're talking about China here. Obviously, we have other Android players that are continuing to drive solutions and have some -- I think some really good opportunities that will flow through the year.
Liam Griffin: Sure, Blayne. This is Liam. The content opportunity for us continues to grow. We have penetrated some really unique solutions with our largest customer and really the opportunities going forward are very bright. The engagement is outstanding. And our ability to outperform technically with that customer is continuing, and I don't think that's going to change at all. So we're really bullish on that. When we go back to things like Samsung, I think there's a lot of opportunity there. We just got an odd turn right now the way that market grow it out. But the opportunities continue to be strong. We are, I think, right now dealing with some really nice new technology that we're bringing forth in the portfolio beyond handsets. If you look at where this business is going to go after some of the inventory burns down. And we're very, very tight on that, by the way. We know how to work with the largest customer. We've been doing this for years, and we're very close in terms of the signals that we have that will help us manage inventories, et cetera. But a lot of good stuff going on there, and we should definitely expect from us to do more on the Android side, maybe absent some of the China players.
Liam Griffin: Yes. So I would look at two things. On the MSF lab portion, really good stuff. I know you've heard it from us before, but honestly, this is a deal that has gone better than we expected and it continues to increase. So we're really excited about that; a lot of new opportunities. But then on the Wi-Fi portfolio, as we start to move through Wi-Fi 6 and 6E, we've got a great lead in that product line. There's a lot of technology that we're bringing to bear. It's higher grade. It's higher performance. Consumers are just now starting to buy into that, think of that Wi-Fi as kind of a cycle similar like 5G. There's a lot of replacement and new engagement around that portfolio, and we have a great solution. So we're feeling good about that. And then another market that's popped up, obviously through the SLAB deal was automotive, and we didn't talk that much about it today yet, but it's a really critical part of the portfolio. We've got a power isolation business that's doing incredible things. We've got customer engagements with names that we wouldn't have had with the Skyworks two or three years ago. So we're really excited about that. The brands are starting to extend the application set is getting stronger, and the technologies that we're populating are really, really critical and unique.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean, there's some gains with kind of unfreezing that backlog. But the truth is, it's really new design wins and new opportunities. And I know we've said it before in other calls, but the organization is really melting now into a period where we've got great technology. We have engagements with customers on both sides, the SLAB side and obviously the core Skyworks, and the business development is going really well. The revenue is growing better than we thought actually, and we continue to see more and more opportunities for growth. And also, you've got pretty solid margins in that portfolio as well. So it's going really well. A lot more to do. I would bet hard on data center and automotive here and that portfolio, that's starting to really ramp. But it's been a great transaction, and there's a lot more to go from there.
Liam Griffin: Yes. And I will say that, we definitely will have visibility. So we're not blind. We're really close to the customers. And so, we're on top of the transaction. So everything that Kris said is exactly true. And I would just add that our ability to look through the channel and be engaged with our customers and our suppliers is very strong.
Liam Griffin: Yes, yes. Good question and I appreciate that. Yes, I mean, you've heard me say it before, we like to take the fast ball early, right? So we try to really capitalize on the most challenging opportunities and then kind of go downhill, and that's what we've been doing. And we really do our best work in the higher-end, most challenging environments and our design teams are exceptional, and they really enjoy this -- again, they like the hunt as well. So you're going to see us to -- I appreciate your visibility on what we've done already, which is pretty solid and more to go. But our design teams and our engineers are fired up. They want to take more. We're going to try to grow the portfolio with the largest customer, but also with many, many others outside the largest customers. So as you know, performance wins, complexity, resolution wins, having the ability to put that all together and make it look really easy, that's what we try to do, and hopefully, that trend will continue.
Liam Griffin: Yes. Honestly, here, we're starting to see an expansion of TAM with the largest Korean customer. That's always been kind of a battle for lower cost versus performance, and what we're seeing is that performance is the driver. And if you look at the incremental user experience between a mid to a higher-end phone is exceptional. And we see it here in the US with the leading player, but it's also a great opportunity for mid-tier. So there's a lot to do there, and I think that's a great opportunity for us with the largest Korean player. We've got the China business derisked, and we've got a great position with the top brand. So we're looking forward to getting through some of the bumps that we're dealing with right now and moving into a stronger 2023.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean, the utility of these high-end smartphones is so critical to the user. So we've been seeing consistently opportunity for growth in what we call content, our technology reach, and we're not seeing that abate. And the nice thing is it's also branching out. It isn't just -- we've done some great work with Bulk Acoustic Wave and TC-SAW and capitalizing on our in-house gallium arsenide, all these unique solutions and bringing them together in a holistic solution that can go into multi-end markets. The good news is, the companies that we deal with, especially the largest ones, they want to push the envelope. They want the performance to get stronger. They want the performance to drive more applications, and that drives more technology reach for Skyworks. So we really don't see that change. And the usage cases around mobility and connectivity, I think everyone on this call, we all know it. It's really vibrant. -- we'll have pockets at quarters where things get bumpy, but the net output here is going to be up onto the right and the technologies and the know-how to put that together and engage with the right customers is, I think, very critical, and it's something that we continually try to improve upon.
Liam Griffin: Thank you all for participating in today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thanks again.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks revenue for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 was $1.407 billion, up 7% year-over-year and up 14% sequentially, driven by both mobile and broad markets. Broad markets were particularly strong at just over $500 million of revenue in the quarter, up 30% year-over-year and representing 36% of total revenue. Gross profit in the fourth quarter was $721 million, resulting in a gross margin of 51.3%, up 30 basis points year-over-year. Operating expenses were $192 million, or 13.7% of revenue. We generated $529 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 37.6%. We incurred $15 million of other expenses and our effective tax rate was 5.3%, driving net income of $486 million. Top line growth and execution on margins drove diluted earnings per share of $3.02, ahead of consensus estimates and representing growth of 24% sequentially and 15% compared to Q4 of last year. Turning to cash flow. Fourth fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $236 million and capital expenditures were $142 million. In terms of capital allocation, during the quarter, we returned $179 million to shareholders, paying $99 million in dividends and repurchasing approximately 800,000 shares of our common stock for a total of $80 million. Let's also review our fiscal year 2022 performance. Revenue grew 7% to a record of $5.5 billion, gross profit was $2.8 billion, resulting in a gross margin of 51.2%. Operating income reached $2 billion with an operating margin of 37.3%. Net income was $1.8 billion, translating into a record of $11.24 of diluted earnings per share, up 7% year-over-year. Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion. And during fiscal 2022, we returned $1.3 billion of cash back to the shareholders with $373 million in dividends and $887 million in share buybacks. So in summary, the Skyworks team delivered record revenue and earnings per share in fiscal 2022, while fortifying the business with the investments that advance our technology leadership and support long-term profitable growth. Now, let's move on to our outlook for Q1 of fiscal 2023. Given broad demand weakness, we expect revenue to decline on a sequential basis. Specifically, we anticipate revenue between $1.300 billion and $1.350 billion. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 51.25% and to 51.75%. We expect operating expenses of approximately $190 million to $193 million. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $16 million in other expense and a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 12.5%. The increase in the tax rate from prior fiscal years reflects the impact of the US tax loss requiring the capitalization and amortization of R&D expenses for tax purposes, starting in Q1 of fiscal 2023. Absent legislative action to reverse the R&D capitalization rules, we expect our full year fiscal 2023 non-GAAP effective tax rate to be consistent with the 12.5% we are estimating for Q1. We also expect our diluted share count to be approximately 160.5 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range of $1.325 billion, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $2.59. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liam.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. And maybe I would add there that December for China is definitely the low point. It can’t get much lower than that. The question is, when does it switch back on? Is it in March? We expect some of it to start in March or the following quarter. But, again, in December, it's completely derisked. It can’t get much lower than that.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So clarification on broad markets in the guide to December, so it's kind of flattish on a sequential basis, but still up on a year-over-year basis, low single digits.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So there's two parts to the business, right? So, there is the large customer and then is Android. Within Android, there are two large players as well. There is China, basically Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and then there is Samsung. We definitely have been derisking China for the last couple of quarters, given the COVID-19 lockdowns and the well-documented softness in end customer demand in the China market. But there is also a Korean player in Android where we have been doing really well. We have seen very strong year-over-year revenue growth in fiscal 2022 with that customer. However, that customer is also not immune to some of the softness on the global demand, including some of the European markets. And so, that -- it's very well documented as well there. There is some inventory overhang at that customer and that's definitely having an impact on our December guide.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So as it relates to the internal inventory, I'm comfortable with where inventory is on our books. Actually, in the September quarter, it came down six days in terms of days of inventory. You have to keep in mind that the products and the solutions that we bring to market are very complex, highly integrated solutions, and we're actually doing more and more in that. That also means that actually, your production cycle times are getting extended as you have to integrate more and more, especially filters, more and more filters into our integrated solutions. In addition to that, I've talked about that before. In a supply chain challenged environment over the last couple of years, we definitely have increased buffer stocks, making sure that we can supply to our customers. In addition to that, we are level-loading our factories. We have seasonality in our business, and we are trying to maximize factory utilizations through level loading. Having said all of that, I think, the supply chain disruptions and the tightness in the supply chain is probably going to get a little bit easier. So that will allow us to potentially in the future, reduce some of those buffer stocks and will further help us to gradually bring down the days of inventory. That's on the internal inventory, on the external. In terms of channel inventory, we manage that very carefully, I would say, that's at a normal level. I think we're -- the bigger issue is some of the inventory at our customers at the phone level, and again, that's been very well documented. There's definitely pockets of elevated inventory at the phone level, especially in the Android part of the business.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So our largest customer in the September quarter was approximately 63% of our business. So great execution by the team here, reporting the launch of our largest customer, new products that translated into a 30% sequential growth or a 14% year-over-year growth. I know, there is always a lot of question about is Skyworks game content or not. While those numbers clearly illustrate that we had a major uplift in content in the new products that have been launched by our large customer.
Kris Sennesael: I think the biggest culprit is definitely an inventory overhang in Android, right? In China -- I'm talking at the phone level, not necessarily at the component level. China with Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and then more, recently as well with our Korean customer. That is definitely the main culprit here.
Kris Sennesael: Very small. Very small. As I said, we've derisked it. We've been bringing it down over the last couple of quarters, because we noticed that there was an inventory overhang building up, and so we derisked it and it's now very small.
Kris Sennesael: So in fiscal 2022, we did $489 million, $490 million of CapEx, which was 9% to revenue. So we definitely will continue to invest in the business, but we also will do that in a smart way. And given some of the demand softness that we experience now, we definitely are going to manage our CapEx accordingly.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Tim, I think we probably will have to take that offline and go into a deeper dive there. I think you have to take into account that part of the large customer revenue is in broad markets, as we sell many of our solutions into other devices than their phones, and I think that's part of the reconciliation there. But again, the business, as I said before, with the large customer is strong. It was strong in September and continue to be relatively strong in December, as we execute with content gains in the new form lineup and continue to support their ramp.
Kris Sennesael: Tim, so this is a very volatile environment. There is macroeconomic headwinds. There is a war going on in Europe. There is COVID flares. So we're going to stick to guiding one quarter at a time. But, I mean, some of the elements that you mentioned there, of course, could potentially have an impact on the March quarter. We discussed before, it will depend to a certain extent on how the inventory at the phone level gets resolved and when some of that Android business start picking up again.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So, first, yes, you did a great job at the teardowns and your conclusion of content gains in excess of 10% is absolutely true.
