Donald W. Palette: I will first provide a quick summary of our second fiscal quarter results and then outline our business outlook. Revenue for the period was $238.1 million, up 38% year-over-year and surpassing our updated guidance range of $230 to $235 million which we provided on March 1st. Gross profit was $100.7 million or 42.3% of revenue, a 230 basis point year-over-year expansion which was driven by a product mix that increasingly includes higher margin, vertical market and 3G solutions, a volume ramp of new products, continued manufacturing productivity enhancements, product end-to-end yield improvements and significant material cost reductions.  Operating expenses were $52 million of which R&D was $30.3 million and SG&A was $21.7 million, yielding $48.7 million of operating income and a 20.5% operating margin. Our net interest and other expense for the quarter was $700,000 of expense while taxes were $3.8 million, a cash tax rate of 8%. As a result, our net income was $44.2 million or $0.24 of diluted earnings per share.  Now, turning to the balance sheet, during the quarter we generated $60 million in cash flow from operations. We recorded $11 million of depreciation, retired our March 2010 convertible debt at maturity with a $40 million outlay and we invested $20 million in capital expenditures. As a result, we exited the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $412 million or $2.25 on a per share basis. Now, to our business outlook, based on strong demand across multiple markets we anticipate 10% to 15% sequential revenue growth in our third fiscal quarter. Assuming revenue of $268 million at the midpoint of this range, we are forecasting gross margin of 43%, operating expenses between $54 and $55 million yielding an operating margin approaching 23%. Below the line we expect $700,000 of net interest expense and an 8% cash tax rate. In turn we are forecasting diluted earnings per share of $0.30 off of a base of 185 million shares. This trajectory is consistent with our medium term financial targets outlined previously, namely operating margins in the mid 20s on revenues in the $280 to $300 million range. This model was highly achievable in the near term and strikes the right balance between gaining market share, enhancing margins and most importantly maximizing our return on invested capital.  Further, given the strengthen of our business model, we expect additional leverage well beyond the mid 20% range as we continue to scale and further diversify Skyworks. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator go ahead and open up the lines for questions.
Donald W. Palette: Just to comment on the model, we just went through the guidance which $268 and 43% margins, $54.5 million in operating expenses, you’re closer to that 23%. The operating margin is going to continue to expand as we continue to grow the top line. The operating expenses at this point are relatively fixed, minor changes in that. You’re going to get tremendous leverage on that line and we are going to continue to expand product margins, leveraged off of what Dave talked about in the market place is what’s really going to move us beyond the 25%.
Donald W. Palette: The actual mix of our broad line analog business was roughly a quarter of revenue with handset revenue being about 75% which has been consistent with where we have been running the last three or four quarters. As far as where we were this quarter on smart meter a little bit below 20% of the analog total.
Donald W. Palette: We’ve given 8% for the balance of the year and we actually for 2011 and 2012 we’re looking at a rate between 10% and 12%. That rate is going to be dependent upon where earnings go too because there are some variables in that rate that change as earnings increase but that’s a good number for you guys to use in your models now. The way that we’re doing that, if you look at this year, this year we have $90 million of NOLs remaining that are shielding our income that’s allowing us to keep it at 8%.  We are putting some business initiatives in place, actually one was implemented for the second half of this year, one will be implemented for the first quarter of next year that will allow us to do some tax strategies and some tax planning that allow us to keep that rate at 10% to 12% for 2011 and 2012. Beyond that, up to 15% is probably a good number and we think those are very, very competitive rates.
Donald W. Palette: As I said earlier when we were talking about the model, as we drive towards the goal of 25% and beyond it’s a combination of both margin expansion and leveraging our operating expense base. We just guided to 43% so you can model this as we grow to $280 to $300 or beyond in revenue and use a contribution of in excess of 50%, you can see that margin is going to continue to expand and that’s our expectation. It’s a combination of things that we are currently doing, will continue to do and that is focus on the material cost reductions, continuing to drive productivity and yield improvements. It’s also the releases Dave had talked about earlier of a lot of the new product suites, the higher dollar content, more value add in the market place, we believe all that is going to drive margin expansion. It is the six inch conversion as well which is going to give us more internal capacity. All those things are contributing to it.
Donald W. Palette: We haven’t set any specific targets, we just think there is a lot of opportunity with just leveraging the fixed cost base and the operations as you continue to expand revenue that that number is certainly going to go to a number of 45% and potentially beyond. You can run the models as I described and you can see where the potential is.
Donald W. Palette: It was we’re now actually slightly more than half 3G versus 2G. It was 52% wedge and 48% CMDA and GPRS. 
Donald W. Palette: I think you can model to expect, we don’t guide balance sheet information, but I think in your models if you just assume the same kind of run rate you’ve seen for the first half of the year for the second half that’s safe.
Donald W. Palette: First of all, we never saw 20%. We’ve been seeing 6%, or 7%, or 8% here now the third year in a row on a part-to-part basis whereas each new solution or each new platform tends to be a little higher in revenue. So I don’t think you should look at it that way. The real change has been in the last couple of years as there are increasingly more complexity behind these devices. We’re being designed in upfront with the base band solution and we’re sole sourcing more often than not in the platform so the pricing structure of the yield curve, the cost structure is known, it’s negotiated in advanced, it’s well understood. We’re we think as good as anybody in the industry in predicting what those production ramps are going to be. So, you shouldn’t be looking at 20% ASP erosion across any of our markets and customers. As Liam mentioned, it’s typically been for the third year in a row now in the 7% to 8% range part-to-part with increasing dollar content on average per phone.
Donald W. Palette: To reiterate that, we’re still outsourcing roughly about 15% of our assembly operation. That number isn’t changing in our forecast dramatically and with some of these targeted cap ex investments that Dave described, that puts us in a position to handle the demand that we need to handle.
Donald W. Palette: I think it’s at this roughly $54.5 to $55 million level. I think that we’re going to be relatively static, it just depends on the revenue growth that you’re describing and that certainly shouldn’t be something that’s not going to move a lot in the short term. Annually, you have pay increases, there are other things that can drive that number up a little bit but it isn’t anything that’s going to move in the short term.
David J. Aldrich: It is a lot of what you suggested, I’ll let Don comment specifically on where the financial leverage is but it is a combination of continuing to see higher dollar content platforms being introduced in to the market. Those platforms typically have high contribution margins, higher than the ones they’ve replaced frankly. There is sort of an indication that our customers are indeed willing to pay for integration, they’re willing to pay for innovation and I think you can sort of begin to see that in the results. We’re also seeing more vertical market opportunities as we move from infrastructure in to smart grid which today is our highest growth business even though it started at a relatively small base with very high margins in our catalog business and increasing set of vertical markets. So it’s a combination of high dollar content within our mobile business, high contribution margins and more vertical opportunities. 
David J. Aldrich: I think with respect to what upside we saw in the margins, we do try to be conservative in our guidance. We factor in all the inputs from our customers, we go bottoms up and top down, we look at our bookings level and Don’s pretty conservative. We try to approach it in a prudent way and in this case our assumptions were a bit more conservative. We did see some specific traction in smart grid, that business grew nicely in the quarter and we continue to see 3G platforms introduced where we get much higher dollar content than the 2 to 2.5 platforms that they replace. As we discussed in our prepared comments, it’s really all of those things. 
David J. Aldrich: One of the things Cody about six inch conversion is just going in general adding a step function increase as the diameter of wafers increase. When you flip on the switch it really doesn’t do a heck of a lot for margins initially because it enables a great deal more revenue. So what it really does is it allows you to increase your contribution margin as your revenue increases. So you should begin to see we have a lot of capacity now in gallium arsenide, we have ability to continue to modulate what we purchase on the outside versus what we produce on the inside. That gives our customers a great deal of comfort and it gives us a lot of upside and it has increased our contribution margin here as we run the business. We’ve got bricks and mortar capacity to double the size of the revenue of this company with high contribution margin as it relates to now HPT so it gives us tons of upside. You’ll see us begin to grow in to that high contribution as each subsequent quarter’s revenue increases.
David J. Aldrich: I think you should expect seasonality. I think you will see factors that will offset it as this quarter the change between December and March was far less than normal seasonality. It was because we were gaining share and continuing to outpace the market by penetrating new verticals as well as gaining customers and sockets within mobile. So I do think you should expect seasonality, I expect a strong overall market and I expect that we will outperform it rather handily as we continue to ramp some of these new programs that we have been discussing and as we continue to ramp programs that are outside the handset space.
David J. Aldrich: Well our share is growing in that space and that element itself within the market is growing quite a bit. What you see is you see the USB dongle, you also see embedded chipsets that are really taking off. I think some of the most significant base band players now are really developing some really cutting edge solutions that you’ll see embedded within netbooks and laptops and we’re well positioned to see some upside from that as well. So I think it’s a great new use for cellular technology and our devices and again, it will continue to expand through this year and then several years beyond.
David J. Aldrich: I think it’s going to be pretty well balanced. We’re really excited about the growth in these vertical markets that we talked about and the catalog business keeps chugging along. I think it’s going to be very well balanced for the second half of the year and that’s up against some pretty steep growth in these programs that we described and customer ramps in mobile. I’m pretty pleased with that but I think you should expect the linear business to absolutely stay up with handsets.
David J. Aldrich: No, we’re not although it is admittedly tight out there. We are really able to leverage this hybrid model that we have where we not only have increased our own internal capacity, you see the targeted capital we put in place over the last couple of quarters has gone right at any potential bottleneck providing us upside to what we see as our customers’ upside forecast. We don’t want to miss any share opportunities. Our purchasing people are frankly out there and they’re doing a good job to make sure that we get more than our fair share of visibility and supply for those components and PCVs and so on that we purchase. Of course, we did flip the switch on the six inch here so we’ve got not only lots of capacity externally but we’ve got lots of capacity internally for perhaps our most important component in the front end solution which is the gallium arsenide content. I’m pleased with what our supply people have done and this hybrid model is going to serve us well even if we see surprising upside coming through in the second half ramp.
David J. Aldrich: Typically, the March to June quarter in handsets is about a 3% to 5% sequential growth in units. We do see as noted, some great uptick in Smartphones and that really is the vehicle today of choice with consumers and carriers. Carriers love it for the data service it provides. Penetration is very, very low in Smartphones outside of the US and Europe. You still have a big market in Asia that is moving. So we think Smartphones on a unit basis will continue to outgrow 2G handsets, there’s no question about that. But, at the same time some of the major markets in 2G, China for example, continue to look solid. So overall we would put about 3% to 5% at the high end, mid range about 3% to 4% for unit growth in handsets in general but Smartphones clearly outpacing.
David J. Aldrich: Well, the annual growth rate in Smartphones is 35% to 40% year-over-year and we think that will continue over the next five years.
David J. Aldrich: I think that without talking about specifics if we do our jobs, and we intend to, if we continue to do our jobs the strength of our design capabilities and the scale that we bring to the party and plus the fact that we’re shipping to everybody today, or virtually every major OEM in both the Smartphone and the cellular category. We would be failing to not have content peppered across the board with various OEMs.  So we don’t look upon one socket or another socket, we think we’ve done a pretty good job of continuing to diversify our customer base and we’re disappointed by any 3G or Smartphone, or high end socket where we don’t participate. We think the technology of ours is superior and our scale is both broader and deeper from a manufacturing standpoint. We aspire to get a disproportionate share across every customer. 
David J. Aldrich: In terms of HPT we discussed earlier we now have lots of capacity both dedicated externally and what we’re able to exercise now as the result of the six inch conversion. That’s a great big deal for us. We have heard of potential constraints for example in the packaging area. Here’s an areas where we have the capability to do it all in house and we have the capability and the desire to do some of it on the outside based upon wanting to maintain flexibility. So on packaging we’re in very good shape but on the assembly case you may hear some shortages with others. Remember, we’re kind of unique in that we can produce the majority and if we need to all of our own packaging, all of our own assembly. We think that’s a competitive supply chain advantage, it’s a time to market advantage and it is definitely a margin and a cost advantage for us.
David J. Aldrich: The majority of that ramp is really new designs. New design wins in many cases we captured the business last quarter or the December quarter and it’s now coming to fruition. It’s a good mix of healthy base and diversification as well as new program ramps in both non handsets and in targeted handset platforms.
David J. Aldrich: Well, we do think that it continues and it’s for the reasons we talked about in our prepared comments. We are seeing some targeted program ramps in and outside of the handsets. We are participating disproportionately in the Smartphone sector and that’s the highest growth rate within mobile. March is a seasonally low quarter in the market, we did much better than that. Our guidance is for much higher growth rate in June than the market and we expect it to continue. I’ll be very clear, we’re going to take share and we’re targeting those applications and margins that are higher ASP and higher margin. We’ll be very disappointed if we don’t significantly outpace the sequential growth rate of this market.
David J. Aldrich: It’s roughly $8. A marquee design would be on a quad band edge device with multiple bands of wide band CDMA where we have swept in not only the amplification but we’ve swept in the filtering, switching and conditioning integrated in to a module that pulled in much of the passive content and so the total content gets you to maybe $10. Since we don’t do higher power duplexes for example we would max out today at about $8. But you know what I think is an even better way of looking at this, there are very, very few platforms that give us or anybody else $8 in analog content. There are a whole slew, and the majority of phones today are still in the GPRS range that are $1. So what’s really going to happen is by integrating all of these passive functions and by continuing to come out with these new multimode devices it is going to be the $1 moving to $4 that’s going to drive the TAM of our business much much more than what happens to the $8. The $8 is a drop in the bucket compared to the $1s and $2s that are rapidly going to $3 and $4. That’s where the market is going to land over the next three to four years. I would caution you don’t worry about the $8, we don’t think about the $8 we think about the $1.
David J. Aldrich: Thank you very much for participating. This concludes our conference call today and we look forward to updating you in the future.
Liam K. Griffin: With respect to China? China has always been a strong position for Skyworks. Our share continues to look very strong here. Our relationships Mediatech are outstanding. We’ve actually augmented our position in 2G handsets with some upside in infrastructure. We have new designs at Huawei, we’re even now penetrating ZT on datacards. So in addition to the Mediatech position, I like the way we diversified here in some of the non-handset markets.
Liam K. Griffin: It’s difficult to exactly understand the market TAM because each and every quarter there is a new innovative solution that is released to the market. I think to Dave’s opening remarks, you can see this proliferation. So we are seeing a lot of devices that we’ll call Internet appliances. They may be USB dongles, they may be tablets, we’re even seeing potentially a move where some of the plasma TV folks that now have Wi-Fi are considering a cellular radio. Right now, we think that market is very roughly 80 to 100 million unit market or more that is above and beyond our $1.25 billion handset space. It will grow materially over the next several years and quite frankly again, we’re not sure how many new devices could be added but that TAM is on the move. 
Liam K. Griffin: As we mentioned it’s a global market. I think the US has really been at the forefront of this and a lot of the utilities in the west coast have really led the drive. You’ve mentioned a few of our current customers Itron, [ESCO], Neptune, Sensus, there are several others that are pursuing. One notable account that we’re working with today what we don’t have business with that we certainly have a line of sight to new revenue streams would be a company called Silver Spring Networks in the bay area.  With respect to geographies, as much as this is a success here in the US, we absolute think this will move to Europe and eventually I think there could be a huge play in the Asian market. But again, as we’ve outlined the current customers that we have and the backlog and the position that we have, wins that are on the table, look very promising this year.
Liam K. Griffin: That’s a good question. It will probably tick up a few points. We’ve been on a very steady progressive growth rate here. We’re adding customers, our customers have well defined program ramps for utilities. We have opportunities. I think really the big opportunity right now for expansion is going to be in the home area network with our ZigBee technology. We alluded to a couple of design wins here in the prepared remarks and one of the most notable for us is moving in to an account like LG and their consumer appliance division where they’re going to be rolling out ZigBee enabled white goods appliances. I think the upside in my opinion, the meters themselves are well characterized, the home area network is where we could see some real material gains here late this year and over the next certainly 2012 through 2015 even.
Liam K. Griffin: I’ll start a little bit on the customer dynamics and then I’ll pass it to Don on margin. One of the things that we like about our business in China is we deal directly with the most powerful chipset player there, that’s Mediatech. So our products are specifically tuned and designed to meet the architectures, the requirements, the specifications and the costs of that customer set. Beyond that as I’ve mentioned, we’ve augmented our handset business in China with some great strengthen now in infrastructure. Certainly big differences in gross margins between the infrastructure business and what we see in 2G but in both case this is an accretive business for Skyworks and high growth.
Liam K. Griffin: Ed, we’re seeing nothing out of the ordinary right now and ASP erosion for us is actually a little bit less erosion than we saw last year. Our content per phone though is increasing and in some cases we’re looking at blended ASPs that are actually going up on a year-over-year basis.
