Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks again for joining us, everyone, today. We appreciate that. Well first I'll provide a summary of our third quarter results and then outline our business outlook for the fourth quarter of our fiscal 2012. Revenue for the third fiscal quarter was $389 million, which was up 7% sequentially and more than 9% year-over-year. Gross profit was $168.1 million or 43.2% of revenue. Operating expenses were $76.3 million, consisting of R&D expense of $48.6 million and SG&A expense of $27.7 million, yielding $91.7 million of operating income and a 23.6% operating margin. Cash taxes were $5.7 million, and that translates into a 6.2% tax rate. Net income was $86.1 million or $0.45 of diluted earnings per share, and that's $0.01 better than our guidance. Turning to our third quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement. We generated $44 million in cash flow from operations, and that brings us year-to-date to a total of $244 million. We exited the quarter with $327.9 million in cash, and we invested $31 million in capital expenditures during the third quarter, with depreciation of $17 million. The elevated levels of capital expenditures are a result of our continuing capacity expansion across all of our facilities to support second half product ramps. And as a reminder, these investments consist of equipment adds when our existing facilities gave a very quick payback and they enhanced our return on invested capital. Now for our fourth quarter 2012 business outlook. We are guiding the fourth quarter revenue to be $415 million to $420 million. At this revenue level, we expect gross margin to be in the range of 43% to 43.5%. Looking ahead, we see gross margins continuing to improve as we realize synergies associated with our recent acquisitions and as we capture the margin benefits of some of our recent capital investments. We expect the fourth quarter operating expense to be approximately $77 million. And below the line, we expect $100,000 in expenses from interest income and other expenses and a cash tax rate around 6.5%. And as a result, we expect EPS of $0.50 to $0.51 using a base of 193.5 million shares. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, go ahead and open the lines for questions.
Donald W. Palette: It was really strength in both. We didn't see a significant shift in the percentage revenue slip between the 2, so that increase was really split fairly evenly as we normally would see between those 2 segments.
Donald W. Palette: And, Vivek, to follow-up on how that affects the overall Skyworks model, the new product lines are on track. They're still scaling up though, so it has had a little bit of a muting impact on the operating model and the returns. But as you could see, our margins in Q3 was 23.6%. The guidance implies 25%, so we're still very focused on the 30% target. And as we continue to gain share and grow the top line, we're going to be on our way towards that number again. So some of it is the impact of getting the acquisitions up to scale, and that's the top line growth.
Donald W. Palette: The SkyOne product is new. It's been in development for a couple of years, but the product has sampled, the feedback has been good and we expect lead customer production sometime later in this year. So there's no revenue contribution right now from the SkyOne products, but I will tell you there's a lot of development activity, and this truly is an unprecedented level of integration. And I don't know if you really listened to the comments when we described it or looked at the press release. It has all the analog and RF functionality between the chipset, the radio, the RF, the antenna and back, filters, amplifier, switches, all of the shielding. So I this is a product that for those customers who really want to have a world phone but looking for ease-of-integration, size, it has great current consumption, we think that's going to be a real winner for us, but it's brand new.
Donald W. Palette: Ittai, I will give you the top 10% customers this quarter. It was Foxconn and Samsung. Nokia dropped out of the top 10%, but they're still high-single digits, but we don't disclose anything besides that on a quarterly basis, so we don't aggregate that, give you a specific number.
Donald W. Palette: As far as the $5 million, that $5 million relates to some M&A activity where we consummated some deals with earn-out potential for the people who own the company that we purchased. And that's just shoring up what that liability is going to be for us based on a 12-month period after the acquisition. So that's all it is. And as far as what the numbers would be, you just basically back that out of the numbers. I mean, it's a one-time adjustment. It's related to -- it was an earn-out related M&A activity. That's all it is. And just so you understand, you have to make an estimate upfront, and then you just shore it up at the end of the period. That's all.
Donald W. Palette: Anthony, this is Don. Nothing from last quarter. I mean, just a reminder, we're-- overall, our current erosion's within historical range. The only place that you might see -- we're seeing some slight change, that's the open 2G segment that's maybe increased slightly from what we'd experienced in prior years. But that's continues to be the only segment where pricing you have a chance to win business on price only. And the majority of our customers are making those decisions based on performance. And with us having the lowest cost structure in the industry, that allows us to continue to deliver strong margins. So we're really not seeing anything different than that, and we've articulated that the past several quarters.
Donald W. Palette: And we're using 2 approaches. One is were looking to continue to integrate at the die level these multimode designs and sweep in more bands and where performance demands it, we're having other -- using other manufacturing and packaging techniques to make it small and relatively low-cost. So that's where the kind of the system expertise of being able to play the ability to integrate upward within IC as well as in the package as well as in the MCM is an advantage for us. And that's where the customers are struggling as they -- LTE was in many ways the straw that broke the camel's back. Layering in those bands sort of made it impossible to go through a traditional discrete model.
David J. Aldrich: Craig, this is Dave. Well, we think there'll be traditional seasonal strength. However, in our space, we're starting to see more and more rather than a simple Q4 growth strength, that being split between the September and the December quarters as we shift into those builds. It's a bit too early to tell what March seasonality might look like a normal seasonality. We have no reason to believe it will be terribly different, but we're feeling good about, again, about those second half ramps.
David J. Aldrich: Okay, good questions, Vivek. First, with respect to sockets, one of the things, you probably seen some reason Teardown report, so I think that's probably the best testament to what we've been able to accomplish. We -- you may think of us as a traditional kind of a PA supplier -- PA switch supplier, but in the more recent designs, we've been getting increasingly attach rate -- high attach rates with our GPS LNA products, with our Antenna Switch Modules, with some power management devices, camera flash devices and our wireless LAN portfolio. And so we're seeing as much as more than $2 of incremental content per smartphone and tablet, and we're pretty excited about that. So we are leveraging not only recent acquisitions, but some organic development to continue to look to bolt on to what's been our traditional product offering more and more content. It helps our customers in the process, terrific for us. We're also diversifying into new adjacent markets, and I think we've talked about that fairly extensively. But medical, for example, we talked about medical devices being designed in on the call. We're in infrastructure. We're in various home automation markets that are extremely exciting and growing. And I think from a customer standpoint, there isn't a customer in the cellular smartphone space that isn't a customer of Skyworks. So we're designed into every baseband suppliers, to offering as a reference design partner, and we're also designed into virtually every OEM.
David J. Aldrich: Sure, Alex. Well, our attach rate with Qualcomm is quite high, and so we see the same or similar dynamics obviously that they would in those segments of the market. If you look at our guidance, what's really driving it are very specific programs that are ramping into production, as well as some of these devices that are continuing to ramp. They're relatively early in that ramp. So there really may -- there are some very specific Skyworks reasons why we may be bucking some of the normal market trends as we go into the second half.
David J. Aldrich: Well, I think it's difficult to be -- it's hard for me right now to be terribly precise. I will say that the -- if you look at those Teardown reports, we are seeing, for example, the Samsung Galaxy Teardown reports that recently came out. I don't have the [indiscernible] 6 parts of Skyworks, 7 parts. So it had a pretty broad suite of Skyworks products. So what was -- the dynamic, it kind of goes like this. Smartphones continue to displace 2G devices. So we see that little bit of a wind at our back as we always get more dollar content for the traditional products in smartphones and tablets than we did in 2G. Our attach rate continues to improve starting with our top customers where we start to put more of those new products bolted around the existing products. That's growing. And then we have been gaining quite a bit of leverage and traction from things like home automation, where we're putting our Wi-Fi devices in gaming consoles, or we're putting them in various applications and appliances around the home. So that's an example where those markets really were nascent a couple of years ago. They continue to grow, and I think they're really beginning to explode in the early innings, frankly.
David J. Aldrich: Right. With respect to GPS and the ASM product, I mean, GPS location-based systems and services, you see now in every smartphone, every tablet, even in netbooks and notebooks. So we developed a cutting-edge product internally organically that we believe meets all the needs of leading tier ones. We're fortunate to have a suite of new design wins, and that's looking very good. And again, it's new business for us. The Antenna Switch Module really is built off of our core strength and RF switch. We have great in-house technology in pHEMT. We have SOI capability and then also some filtering capabilities in packages to bring that to bear to the market. So both of those of those products are a combination of organic work and then understanding what our customers need.
David J. Aldrich: Well, there are a couple of things that I think is going on right now. We do see seasonal strength. We do see customers gearing up for that year-end push with products and, again, in the August, September, October timeframe. I do believe that there's been a bit of a mix shift away from the smartphone sales because there are different phone launches that kind of impact that and create some choppiness to the markets. So I would say in general, the September quarter is been a bit muted. We expect December to be strong. But I would say that, that's probably the biggest impact is simply some -- looking at the big -- looking at program launches and how that kind of changes that dynamic a bit, and it makes it hard to handicap normal seasonality.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, Blayne, I would say that the primary driver, our specific programs where we're beginning to ramp production and shipment of those sockets that are second half drivers for us. So that's it. Plus some of the organic and acquired product lines where the attach rate to our traditional OEM customers is getting higher. So as we're launching programs, we're launching them with more dollar content, not just LTE and traditional expansion of PA bands, but also the analog functionality that bolts around it in the system. So I would say that's probably the second largest driver. And I don't expect -- Don, maybe you could comment on this, but I don't expect the September to see any meaningful split -- difference in the split between our high-performance analog business and our mobile business.
David J. Aldrich: It's a big question. I would say that whether or not this hits the high end of the market really depends because when you -- the level of integration, to be clear, is we're taking all the bands -- all the popular bands -- of transmitting amplification, we're integrating the amplifiers with the switches using various process techniques. We're adding the duplexers as well as other filters. So it's fully shielded, so it truly is the, by far, by far the most highly integrated device in the world today. Now whether or not -- now inherent in that level of integration is a certain degree of inflexibility. The device is very small, but it is highly integrated. We've developed it as a platform strategy to allow us to reconfigure bands over time and to be able to address OEM customers as they look to either be perhaps more regionally based or add bands that others don't want to add. So we've anticipated that. That will determine in large part whether or not it's broadly applicable among the tier ones. There are different approaches with each different baseband partner, different approaches with the OEM, which will determine how broadly applicable it is. But there is a segment of the market, low end for sure, but I think maybe even some high-end sockets, where this is going to be an opportunity for a customer to get in the market quickly with a product that's fully shielded, where they can drop it in and run. With respect to the competitive landscape, the problem for many of our competitors is that either they lack the system expertise because there's a lot of system integration thought that goes into how you architect a device like this. So it's difficult for component players. It's also difficult, if not impossible, if you're, for example, a filter company or a switch company or a PA company to be able to deal with this level of integration. So we think that, that kind of rules out some of the point product folks. And finally, the level of manufacturing and packaging integration is really unprecedented for this device. Remember, we are vertically integrated in packaging. That helps us both in the design time-to-market and the cost side. So the ability for us to make high margins on this product is really, we think, somewhat unique to Skyworks. You wouldn't want to source all these components and try to compete with us. So we think the competitive landscape is quite narrow.
David J. Aldrich: I think December -- my expectation is the December quarter will be a strong quarter for smartphones, a seasonally strong quarter for smartphones. And within those -- within smartphones, we expect to not only see our traditional PA products, but some, as you mentioned, some of these other products. So there will be a lift to both our traditional PA business, as well as to some of these high performance analog products that are bolted around those PAs. So I still see that split being reasonably constant. Now it's quite -- it is possible you might see a slight shift towards the mobile devices just given there's more seasonality there, but I don't think it will move the dial much beyond that ratio.
David J. Aldrich: Well, you will see a higher -- certainly higher revenue for those products. I don't know that it's necessary a higher mix, see higher revenue in the traditional products. Don mentioned that we're 65-35. Not that long ago, we were 75-25 and prior...
David J. Aldrich: Well, I am comfortable with the capacity. And if you look at this quarter as an example, we spent, I think, just over $30 million against depreciation of $17 million, and that's all addressing any bottleneck that we may see for the second half ramp. So I do feel good about that. We made investments over the last 3 years, 2.5 years for sure, and the big-ticket items like bringing up more HBT capacity, going from 4 to 6 inches and so on. So there are no bricks and mortar requirements. So I feel quite good about not only our internal capacity, but what we've been able to do with our supplier partners to keep that hybrid model so we're able to offload some of that capacity to take some of the volatility out of the seasonality of the volatility. So I feel good about the supply side.
David J. Aldrich: Typical for us. We've got between hub pulls and actual POs in hand, we're pretty much 100% booked, which is not unusual for us.
David J. Aldrich: We do consider it a significant opportunity because we think that there is a great deal of pent-up demand. We think it's not only for the traditional chipset-enabled smaller local players, the indigenous OEMs. We also think that's an opportunity for the major international brands to really address that market using brand recognition and great products. So we think it's going to be a terrific market for us. There will be price pressure on those devices for sure, but we really compare it to what it's really -- what that customer will be upgrading from, which is a 2G device with less -- much less than $1.00 content. So it won't be the -- perhaps some of them won't be high-end world phones, but they will certainly have a great deal more content than a 2G product sold into that market. So we're -- and we're positioned with it with a number of products. We've got multi-converged devices or multimode devices that are low cost that will be tailored for that market. We have hybrid and high-performance devices as well. We've got a whole bunch of content that we're bolting around it in a way that we hope will facilitate ease of entry to market for some of these customers as well as increasing our dollar content. So I'm excited about the market, aware of the price pressures, but I think we're prepared to have a real strong play there.
David J. Aldrich: The products have to be competitive. But it's clear that the credibility -- for example, when we acquired a couple of businesses, I think their biggest stumbling block was just having the credibility to sell into these huge companies and satisfy these big ramps. And our balance sheet is quite strong, our customers increasingly look for a profitable supplier partner with a good balance sheet, who can weather the storm. So we think that the viability that we have is critically important. So it's easy for us to get a product evaluated, but it has to be competitive.
David J. Aldrich: Sorry, where we are with BAW -- we don't make BAW filters. We source them, and we are in high-volume production in multiple sockets with PA, SAW and BAW devices, mostly SAW, frankly, because that's where the market demand is the highest and where the price is the lowest, or the price is most competitive, I should say. But we are in production with PA duplexers and multiple sockets in high-volume production, have been for sometime, and we're winning some sockets there as well.
David J. Aldrich: We think the 2G market continues to not only decline in dollars but decline in units. So the market is becoming -- the 2G market is becoming a smaller percentage. And in fact, our 2G into the local China market, if you will or the open market, is probably in the order of magnitude of mid-single-digit percentage of revenue, so it's pretty small, Dale. Now we do sell more 2G products in that because we have big business with other customers who sell into that market or sell elsewhere. But -- so we're pretty convinced that the 2G market is going to remain in fairly steady decline. It won't go away, but in fairly steady decline.
David J. Aldrich: We're very active there. We've got a reasonably high market share, and it's been a good market for us, right. It's been kind of a workhorse market. It's been around for a long time. It is declining. It is -- if you think about that, the way we look at that market is a couple of different ways. We do have -- believe we have the lowest cost structure. We address it with a combination of pure CMOS devices as well as very low-cost gallium arsenide devices, and we're sold with partners like MediaTek, for example. The issue with the market is it is declining. The consumers in those markets want smartphones or they want high-end feature phones, and that's just where it's headed. And we like that transition because, frankly, there are more margin dollars there, there are more dollars per phone, so we think that's going to be a growth driver. But we don't shy away from the 2G market. We expect there to be the most price pressure there because frankly, for companies who -- competitors who have been unable to kind of make the leap to multimode designs and now even more integrated devices we're talking about today, that's sort of one of the last frontiers to go at it, and you go at it with price as the primary weapon. So we do see ASP pressure there. But we make money there, and we're going to continue to ride it.
David J. Aldrich: Well, Quinn, I would say it was really to address a worldwide OEM market demand for ease of integration as the complexity increases. It really is a challenge with all those filters and all those PAs and switches and shielding it and coexistence or interference between, for example, Wi-Fi and 2-plus gigahertz cellular bands, so it's a real problem. And the more bands you layer in, the size constraint becomes an issue as well as just shielding it and handling all that RF complexity. So we really addressed it to try to figure out a way to make life easier for our customers. It won't be for all, and it wasn't geared towards any specific baseband. It was really more of a world product. It can be baseband independent. The interface was designed that way, so we weren't approaching it with any one specific platform in mind, although we have leading customers who have been sampled and who will be first to production with it.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I think it depends on the architecture. Some of the higher-end smartphones really will have, I mean, 8 devices or more. There are multiple bands of LTE. There's multiple bands of WCDMA. And then you have backward compatibility. So we have seen a trend at least today to drive as many bands the carriers will support, and we see those smartphones being designed today going into production next year.
David J. Aldrich: But even within that -- even within that 2G, most of that is foreign brands sold into the China -- the open market 2G is somewhere below 10%.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I mean, it's actually tough because we don't really look at the business that way. I mean we have our key customers, and we do see regionally within the HPA space pretty good traction in the Americas and also in APAC. The smartphones players are real global brands, and we look at our sales directly to those accounts and we really have to kind of follow the money where they sell.
David J. Aldrich: Tom, right now, no. The answer is that they're not 10%, but we have our eye on growing a lot of the key vertical markets that we're just seeing some traction in because they're accretive to the margin, the overall return of the business. So our goal will be to continue to grow those to a more meaningful revenue number for the company.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone for participating. And we look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, this is Liam. Well with respect to the acquisitions, we are making great progress through the integration synergies, improvements in margin and also customer traction. So we're doing the right things there as outlined in the past, and I think we'll see continued performance going forward.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Alex. This is Liam. Well, I think overall in the industry, we're very early innings with respect to LTE. We have a very powerful LTE platform in a number of different devices including multimode devices that address the LTE standard. We do see, however, the design win traction going forward and our ability to gain share in LTE to be very bullish. And if you look at the platforms that we've addressed over the last 6 months and platforms that we're going to be addressing now, we're very confident that LTE is going to play a major role in 2013 for us.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. And if you look at the smartphone, as Dave articulated, you've got the core RF TAM increasing by virtue of multiple bands. But now that'd there be more explicit. We have wireless LAN devices both 2-, 4- and 5-gig. We have powered management, backlighting, DC-DC converters. We have Antenna Switch Modules. We have GPS. The last set of products I mentioned were really not in play for us over the last 2 years. They're new products. Some of those were organic, some came by virtue of deals, but they're absolute drivers now going forward.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. Exactly. And the other thing in here is that we are really expanding the design win footprint with those products. So I think you should expect as we go through 2013 to see more evidence of success with both the WLAN portfolio and power management. One of the things we do is certainly cross-sell inside of smartphones, but there's a lot of new markets that were entering by virtue of those products. We're getting into cloud-based sharing, we're getting into infrastructure spaces where we can put in DC-DC converters, and there's going to be collaborative plays where we use power management within our front-end modules to try to create differentiated architectures. So as we move forward, I think we'll continue to hear growth in both sides, but hopefully in some different applications.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. And with respect to 11ac, I mean, we are right now building product, supporting routers and supporting kind of the first leg in the infrastructure for 802.11ac. Following that today, the handset applications, the smartphones that we're looking at, right now a high percentage of those are looking at 11ac attached. So starts with the routers, we're well positioned there. We have a great deal of content. As you know, it's multiple in, multiple out. You can have up to 8 streams in our router. We typically see 4 to 5, tremendous content. And then following that, we are starting to see leading OEMs now embed 11ac into their handsets.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Well, I mean, I would say that the relationships that we've built over the duration of Skyworks since we started our company, the deep relationships with OEMs and also chipset providers, has put us in great position to win with power amplifiers and we've been doing that for a while. And then one inside the account collaboratively sell power management, WLAN, GPS, whatever is needed. So I think the leadership that we provided over the years in our power amplifier suite has really kind of paved the way for success in these other products. And we're doing a great job of satisfying customer needs and leveraging technologies in-house and through acquisition.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. And with respect to tablets, Dale, I think we -- we're in very good position there. We have market share in tablets that's at least as good as what we have in smartphones on the RF amplifier side. But tablets is a great opportunity to leverage the highest performance wireless LAN mobile connectivity product. We're doing very well there. We're also bringing in switch and some of the other technologies that we mentioned. So we're very upbeat about the general market outlook for tablets. We think they're going to be rapidly adopted. We have high expectations going forward, and we expect to be a share leader.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, and alongside that, as we start to see the 2G market in China trade down, and as you know, that was a market that was less than $1.00 per SKU for us in terms of content, you're seeing local players like ZTE and Huawei really deliver low-end smartphones, in some cases high-end smartphones. We're seeing data cards where you have a couple of bands of WCDMA with GSM. So there's an active market there. And as Dave indicated, there's an appetite for global brands. And I think we're well positioned with some of the premier smartphones globally, and those products will eventually be big drivers in China.
Liam K. Griffin: Well, there are a few that will go out further into 2014. But I think if you look at those 4 and then you go and look at typical WCDMA Band I, Band II, Band V, Band VIII. Okay, now you've got 8 bands and you add your GSM or your EDGE. So there you go. That's how you get your 8 or 9, and that is the type of architecture that we're seeing today. We're seeing that type of layout.
