David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Steve, and welcome, everyone. I'm pleased to report a strong finish to our 2012 fiscal year with fourth quarter results exceeding our prior expectations. As we enter fiscal 2013, our market drivers remain strong and we're capturing more content than ever before within our existing mobile and diversified analog markets. On top of this, we are rapidly expanding our footprint in complementary new verticals like automotive, like medical and the connected home. Our competitive positioning continues to strengthen. With this design momentum and new product pipeline we have in place today, the stage set for us to outpace our addressable markets in 2013. Now turning to the fourth quarter results. We posted revenue of $421 million. That's up 8% sequentially and slightly above our previously updated guidance of $420 million. We produced fourth quarter operating income of $103.6 million with operating margins of 24.6% and that's up 100 basis points sequentially. We earned $0.53 in diluted earnings per share, and that's a $0.01 better than our updated guidance. And we're guiding to 14% year-over-year revenue growth in the December quarter with expanding margins. So it was another strong performance for Skyworks. For a more detailed commentary on the quarter, I'll turn it over to Don now for his financial review and outlook.
David J. Aldrich: And I think from a segment standpoint, from a market standpoint, we expect strong growth in smartphones and tablets. We also expect strong growth in mobile connectivity. And we expect to see some ongoing softness in areas like smart energy and infrastructure.
David J. Aldrich: Sure. Okay. First, we're quite pleased with our second-half performance. If you look -- include our guidance, that puts us up about 15% in the second half versus the first half. So we're pleased with that, that's higher than the growth rate of the market. We are a very broadly diversified supplier. We ship to everyone. Therefore we are a bit of a proxy. And we continue to take share among the leaders while diversifying. So we're growing faster than the market. And I think that our sequential guidance this quarter being up 7% in the market, it's probably up in the mid-single digits range, is consistent with that.
David J. Aldrich: I think this is, Ittai, that these were variable expenses more than anything else. So we have a high masked charge, for example, this quarter, as we are ramping and transferring a lot of designs into production. So it's pretty simple. It's as simple as that.
David J. Aldrich: I think as you look forward to 2013, the products that you are seeing in the most recent Teardown reports and that we have been highlighting on this call are on balance and, on average, accretive to our company gross margin. That includes SkyHi, it includes SkyOne, it includes Wi-Fi and GPS. Those products are all accretive to our averages. They're relatively new to us and they're ramping now. So as we look at the mix of products moving away from to 2G, more commoditized segments and towards more highly integrated products at which SkyOne is probably the most dramatic example, those products are indeed accretive. And you'll see those playing out through 2013 in improving margins.
David J. Aldrich: Okay, just because SkyHi is in production now. SkyOne, we have sampled to multiple customers. We have a lead customer who's putting it through its paces now with an expectation that very early in 2013, you'll be able to buy by a phone with SkyOne incorporated. And just to remind the listeners, SkyOne is a complete multimode PA addressing both 3G and LTE bands. It has all the duplex filtering, all the switching logic and control to extend from the output of the transceiver chipset, right to the antenna and back. It is the most highly integrated product in the market, in the world. In fact, in RF front end and it's accretive to our margins.
David J. Aldrich: This is Dave, I'll take the first part of that. First, the smartphone and these higher level mobile devices incorporate both our FVS [ph] products as well as the suite of HPA products. So again, the GPS LNAs, the mobile connectivities, the high throw count switches, the power management devices, LED products, they're high performance analog. So it is a mix.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, thank you. It's a little too early to tell what margin is going to shape up to be. It depends somewhat on holiday season sell-through. I think it's -- given our design status and recent wins, we do expect to outperform whatever the market may be. But honestly, I think we need to see a little bit more the December quarter as we move through October into November, December.
David J. Aldrich: Well, the end -- the 2G end market China business is mid-single digits as a percentage of revenue. And that's really defined as kind of the indigenous local providers and the products we sell through the likes of MediaTek and others. That's about 5% or 6% of our revenue. And we step forward into 2013, that business kind of hit a trough of unit volume, where the decline in 2G was more than offsetting the uptake in 3G, TD and smartphones in general. We see the crossover point occurring about now certainly into early 2013, where the TAM will begin to expand again as the most heavily commoditized segment of the whole wireless business today is open market 2G China. I think that business gets smaller and smaller and will finally begin to see real increase in smartphone adoption rate in China. So we think China is a great story in 2013 and '14. It hasn't been a great story in the late 2011 and 2012.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, one other thing. It's probably an early indicator is when we're competing now for design win sockets on reference designs, for example, for 3G and so on in that market. We're competing with highly specialized, customized designs for that chipset. In 2G, we're competing with several competitors, many of whom really had no choice but to compete on the basis of price. We do not see that model replicating in the 3G smartphone space. So not only will there be increased content, the products will be far more complex. There'll be more bolt-on capability because there'll be higher Wi-Fi attach rate, there'll be GPS, there'll be other products, there'll be more complex power management needs. We can address those. So it's really -- it's a double whammy. We get the growth in unit volume with higher dollar content driven by complexity and we get to bolt-on a lot of new HPA products as a result of the very nature of those products being more smart than 2G voice only.
David J. Aldrich: That's correct. I think it may be useful to think of FVS [ph] as front-end solution, which would be power amplifiers, power amplifier duplexers, multimode PAs and the balance of the products that bolt around those on the analog side, being high performance analog.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, but let me clarify. Yes, the short answer is yes. We're seeing smartphones, very strong. We are seeing tablets, very strong. We are seeing mobile connectivity, Wi-Fi, very strong. 11ac routers initial ramp plus a lot of home connectivity devices, Wi-Fi devices, attach rates into tablets and the like. So we're seeing those markets very, very strong. We are seeing kind of the broad catalog of analog products not being so great, flattish. Infrastructure remains stubbornly flat. I think that finally starts to see some growth, or our customers are finally beginning to show growth in infrastructure and smart energy, would be, I guess, the third that's showing just flatline here in December. And it is important for us to see that infrastructure -- we are seeing signs of growth in infrastructure, that there clearly isn't enough capacity. Our customers in that space have held off as much as they can, but those products are very accretive to our gross margin. So we really want to see 2G decline, smartphones increase and then a return to growth in the core analog business. We expect to see that in '13, but we don't expect to see it in December.
David J. Aldrich: I think we see it this year, in the first half of 2013. We're finally starting to see a balancing in that portfolio where the decline in 2G is no longer resulting in a net decline in that business. And we when talk about baseband partnership, it's clearly MediaTek, but we're also lined out very nicely with the chipset providers into Huawei and ZTE and the other foreign OEMs. So we look at Qualcomm, MediaTek and others as being our reference design partners.
David J. Aldrich: I think those folks didn't play very big in 2G. They really kind of cut their teeth in data cards and they were 3G enabled or EDGE enabled. And so we do include them and we have a very high growth expectations for them. We did not have a high growth in the 2G space for those customers. They really were indigenous, smaller companies supported by local reference designs.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, let me take a stab at that first. One, we do expect to have disproportionately more share as this market converts to 3G and to smartphones because it's where technology differentiates, where the challenges are the greatest. So as there are more brands, as there are more needs for filtering and switching and control, we'll gain more traditional front-end content in that segment than in the 2G where we have a strong product portfolio but frankly the margins are dilutive and there's quite a bit of competition. We do not see that in this space. So that's one element of it. The second area is that we will grow dollar content and grow share in that sort of traditional front-end solution within that market. But we will also see a higher attach rate with GPS, with Wi-Fi and more complex power management needs as an example. More complex switching and ASM requirement simply by virtue of the number of bands and what those phones are going to be required to do. So we'll have a lot more HPA content bolted around that front end, in 3G, where we have, frankly, very little in 2G. There wasn't much we could do in 2G beyond the front end.
David J. Aldrich: I think -- I would at it this way, Cody. It's a great question. We see an OEM shipped in the December quarter where you have a couple of products that are selling so well that other customers will tend to see -- other OEM customers will tend to see less strength in the December quarter. So you do see an offset. And we see that with Samsung and others. However, when I get into the March quarter, there are some new products that have been announced to be released and our content there is very high. And we have really high expectations for those products. So we're very excited about Samsung moving into 2013. But I think you have to realistically expect that when you have a big ramp going on in the December quarter that other OEM customers won't do as well.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, the 2G market is in steep decline in China. Our position there has remained 40%-ish, we think. Hard to -- I say we think because it's hard to calculate. There is a big sort of gray market, if you will. It's hard to really quantify but we sell a lot of product. And so, near as we can tell, we're about 40% share, maybe it's slightly, may be a couple points less than that. We're committed to the extent that we have products, we have a very low cost structure. We have a tiered structure of products, everything from low-cost, relatively low performance CMOS designs to low-cost higher performance GaAs-based designs as well as front-end solutions that are very high performance, and the price changes accordingly. So we are committed to it. It is, however, dilutive. It is where ASP decline has been the most intense because it is by far the most commoditized section of our business. So I'm not disappointed to see that it is getting smaller. And while we are committed to it, we're also delighted that there'll be an upgrade cycle because we're going to make a whole lot more money in China in the 2013 and 2014 than we did in '11 and '12.
David J. Aldrich: I think, Ed, we are committed to continuing to diversify, but that, by no means, implies -- I don't think you implied this, that we are backing away or shying away from the mobile sector. In fact, to the contrary, what we really expect -- I expect our mobile business to grow very strong in 2013. And there'll be components of traditional products there, like front-end modules, we had a long discussion about China, we think we'll get more PA and front-end module dollar content. It will be equally as strong as we bolt more technology that we work very hard to address, that becomes this bundling in system level sell is becoming increasingly important because these products are quite problematic for most of our customers. So we can solve those problems for them and get paid for it. So yes, it will be -- it will be RF ES business, it will also be more analog and, as Don mentioned earlier, we're always looking for opportunities to expand into new verticals and add to our technology and our market footprint. We'll do more of that in '13.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, well, yes. The TAM growth in the front-end will be double digits, we believe in 2013. So the core front-end business driven by the conversion of 2G to smartphone, the increase in content with LTE, the increased switching content, we expect that to go up maybe double the unit volume increase. So if volumes are up 7%, you would expect a 14% to 15%. We probably are adding more TAM, a bigger target to high performance analog products. So over time, I think you will see the business balance more between diversified analog and our traditional FVS [ph].
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone for participating tonight and we look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences. Good night.
Donald W. Palette: Well, the actual revenue breakdown, Brett, for the quarter was 40% high performance analog and 60% handsets, smartphones.
Donald W. Palette: Sure. I mean, well first of all, I think you have to look back to the track record. At various points in the last 3 or 4 years, we put together mid-term models and we've had a very high success rate at hitting those every time and, if you think about that 550, it is about 22% growth. But if you look at what we've been talking about, as far as the market opportunity, without even gaining any share, we see 2013 as a 15% kind of growth opportunity. So that kind of hangs with the 4 to 6 quarters that we've talked about. So we clearly see that opportunity in that 6-quarter horizon, within that horizon. And the volume is critical to hitting the 30%. You do need revenue level to leverage the OpEx as well as to continue to enhance and generate margin improvements. So you do need that kind of level to hit the 30%.
Donald W. Palette: Sure, Mike. The 10% for the quarter were Foxconn, Samsung. And 2G was roughly 20% of the revenue for the quarter.
Donald W. Palette: And Aalok, just like to add to that, if you look at our historical ASP erosion, and we do it part by part, year-over-year. I mean, it's a metric that we look at very closely. We are well within the historical ranges. We see a little bit of a bump in the open market 2G pricing maybe a little higher discounting than we see in the past, but other than that, it's right within historical ranges for the rest of the portfolio.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, the first we'll -- I think the first and most importantly talk about the hybrid manufacturing model, I mean, we -- I think we're extremely well positioned to handle any revenue volatility, whether it's upside or downside, with the combination of internal sourcing and external sourcing, so from a margin standpoint, we think that positions us for best-in-class margins regardless of what happens to the top line. So that's very positive. And from an operating expense standpoint, I mean, we have some flexibility. There's variable costs on the line. But at $80 million, we think we are sized appropriately. And we wouldn't expect to change that dramatically. But I do think from the margin standpoint, we will produce the best results, given any revenue condition.
Donald W. Palette: The lion's share, that's in the U.S. It's probably 80% -- at 85%. And the amounts that aren't onshore can be invested in some investments we're making in some of the new business structures, so it can be utilized very effectively.
Donald W. Palette: It's the same for us at all times. We're interested in using the cash as a competitive weapon and to generate shareholder value. So we're going to continue to look at the right M&A opportunities, where we can grow and accrete not only EPS but operating margin. We'd look at share buybacks at times. And so anything that we believe is going to add shareholder value would be a possibility for the company.
Donald W. Palette: It's really when you look at where we ended up, Ittai, for Q4, the $77 million, we're guiding up to $80 million, and it's really there's some targeted headcount adds that we're doing both from an R&D and field application support standpoint. And we've got some variable R&D expenses that are tied to key programs. All these investments if -- we're very confident shareholders are going to be pleased because we see some significant return opportunities down the road for these investments.
Donald W. Palette: I wouldn't be expecting it to go from 80 back down the 77. That isn't that -- I don't think that's what you should...
Donald W. Palette: Well, yes. Exactly, exactly. My comments weren't seasonal at all. Hopefully that didn't confuse you about what I said. I was talking about program investments, they weren't seasonal at all. But yes, you can expect the 80 to be flat certainly into -- through the March quarter. We have pay raises midyear that start June 1 so that there's a -- there can be a slight increase with that. So there will be some increases beyond that. But they are really immaterial in the scope of things when you look at the amount we are investing.
Donald W. Palette: Absolutely. Because again, we're going get there as a two-pronged approach, as we always do. So our goal is both margin expansion and leveraging at 550, whether the OpEx is $81 million, $81.5 million a quarter. That's well within the range of what we can do to deliver the 30%. So yes, we are totally confident in that.
Donald W. Palette: Well, Blayne, just to clarify, we're 40% high performance analog this quarter and 60% handset. And last quarter, 65% handset and 40% -- or 35% high performance analog. Correct? I just want to make sure your comments were tied...
Donald W. Palette: If you look at the Teardown and think of it this way, if you look at the Teardown reports and these numbers, 35% to 40%, we're kind of rounding a little bit, it's a little bit less than 5% sequentially, but be that -- but having said that, if you look at the Teardown reports and then listen to our commentary, we're seeing a lot of smartphone growth, for example in GPS LNA power management devices, camera flash drivers, antenna switch modules and Wi-Fi devices versus a traditional PA. So when you look at those products as being non PA-based or high performance analog, that explains parts of it. So think of it in those terms. Where we got your PA business, it'd be up slightly and bolt-on products that are up more dramatically because those are new growth drivers for the company.
Donald W. Palette: Anthony, as far as how we manage our supply base and we absolutely -- I think we're do an excellent job, we have very specific targets year-over-year as far as driving material content out and volume certainly helps with those discussions. But that's something we talk about and execute on every day. So that's clearly part of our ability to expand margins on a go forward basis and has been part of it for the last 3 to 5 years.
Donald W. Palette: And in order to achieve that 30% we are not assuming a big shift in the HPA handset percentage at this point in time. So if that 60 40 goes more towards high performance analog, that's a positive. That actually accelerates margin accretion. But we are not expecting a big movement from that in the model estimate.
Donald W. Palette: Yes and as far as the question on the margin, yes, you're right. We've historically -- as we've been generating margin expansion, we've been dropping through in the high 40s. And just to remind everybody when we had our Analyst day, we talked about that going into 2013, when we had recommended modeling 45% to 46% kind of drop going -- and it's really -- in the guidance that we just gave on the 450, the 43% off of what we produced in the fourth quarter is a little over 44% drop. So it's pretty consistent with what we said. And the reason for that is, that we talked about, it's a higher mix of outsourced material with volumes ramping. We've made some CapEx investments, it takes 2 or 3 quarters, we're working through the payback on that. So some of that benefit isn't yet in the numbers. Some of the higher margin segments as we talked about on Analyst day, like infrastructure, still a little sluggish. And we had a little higher in Q4 and Q1, a little higher 2G mix which is, again, has had the most ASP compression, a little bit lower margin. So those are really the reasons. But again for modeling purposes, we would recommend using 45% to 46% going through the balance of the year, as far as contribution.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Aalok. This is Liam. We certainly see some pricing activity, some pressure in some of the lower end markets, the 2G markets in China. In the smartphone space, however, we see this market driven by performance and value, and our technology there has led us to a number of new design wins and that's given us pretty defensible position with respect to pricing.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. What I can tell you, in general, that with the leading smartphone accounts, one of the things that we're quite pleased about, and Dave alluded to this is that we are -- we're gaining additional content here. We're gaining share but we are also adding new products to our mix. For example, I think, when you look out over the next several quarters, you'll start to see an increasing attachment with embedded Wi-Fi devices from Skyworks, 2GB, 4GB and 5GB, oftentimes 11ac. And we're one of the first to market with that technology. You going to see an increasing attachment with the GPS LNA suite of highly customized devices, higher margin, very high performance. You're starting to see antenna switch modules now become part of our story. So those are some of the themes here, as well as power management by the way, not only camera flash but also RF power when we move into voltage regulators and soon, DC to DC converters. So there's really a real upswing here in new products that we're bringing to market that complement our existing high share position in front-end solutions.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, we have seen some improvement growth on the high performance analog piece. Again, you have to take into account that we have some acquisitions that have come in, that we've been able to lever up with share gains. We've been able to take, for example, a high performing WiLAN portfolio and drive it into numerous customers. Not only handsets but also routers, we're enjoying an 11ac ramp, the GPS technology is launching and looking very strong for us. And then if you look at some of our antenna switch products and advanced antenna tuning products, we are starting to see some momentum there. So we've had benefits as well on the high performance analog side. That have -- that propelled the growth here in the last quarter.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. And Alex, this is Liam. As a follow up to that, I think, you're going to see China being a gross margin mover for us, whereas the 2G business today is the lion's share, you're going to see more customized infrastructure solutions to lever to ZTE and Huawei. We're actually starting to deliver some of the Wi-Fi technology that we mentioned to companies like HTC and also Huawei. So I think you're going to see a mixed benefit as well as revenue move in 2013.
Liam K. Griffin: This is Liam. That is certainly one of the fastest-growing portfolios for us, the whole 802.11 suite. We have 11ac now as the leading driver for growth, but we also have sustainable gains even in 11n. So one of the themes here is just really the attachment into smartphones and tablets, which is relatively new. We see an increased content and margin pop as we move to 11ac, and we are also seeing some of these advanced routers, we referenced a few in our business highlights with NetGear, where the addressable device content for us is 15 to 20 units with MIMO technology, multiple in/multiple out data streams. So that is really an important driver for us. We see that really in it's early innings now. We think 2013 is going to be a big move but we're also going to see more devices be attached 2014, 2015. So we think it's sustainable. We're in the right place right now. Our share position is outstanding but there's many, many accounts that haven't yet turned on the 11ac pump here so there's lots more ahead.
Liam K. Griffin: And let me add to that. One of the unique benefits that we bring to the China accounts as they ramp up into 3G and LTE is our architectural experience, our systems knowledge, our application support. It's really critical now as these customers and the OEMs move up in complexity. These are not easy products. I think the Skyworks team is doing a great job of really not only providing product but the architectures and the systems know-how to turn these customers on.
Liam K. Griffin: No, we include them, but one point to make, is that the revenue -- the 2G revenue has largely been smaller OEMs. There's Huawei and ZTE but it hasn't been -- the 3G opportunity is going to be much more Huawei and ZTE than it will be some of the smaller white box players.
Liam K. Griffin: Actually, that's a good -- that's a good question. And right now, our view for Samsung is it's probably flat into the December quarter right now.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Ed, this is Liam. I think if you look at the individual market opportunities between Wi-Fi, I mean, power management, which is a $5 billion market, GPS, ASM and some of the other organic products that we're developing, mixers, VCL synthesizers, INQ mods, that are traditionally non-cellular go into infrastructure. Those markets, in aggregate, present a very significant TAM for the HPA team. And we've gained a lot of share this year but there's a tremendous amount of room for us to grow in 2013 and 2014. We've seen great momentum in a few of these categories but infrastructure and some of these other markets, we're well-positioned. We get a little tailwind there and you're going to see some upside.
