Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks’ revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2024 was $1.202 billion, slightly above the midpoint of our outlook. Mobile was approximately 71% of total revenue, an increase of 7% sequentially, as we supported the ramp of new high-performance solutions at our largest customer. Android-related revenue with Google, Samsung and the Chinese OEMs grew modestly sequentially. Broad markets were approximately 29% of total revenue, down 18% sequentially, mostly driven by some specific inventory corrections in wireless infrastructure, automotive and industrial. Gross profit was $557 million, with gross margin at 46.4%, in line with expectations. Gross margin was down 70 basis points sequentially, driven by an unfavorable mix shift, resulting from lower broad markets revenue. Also, during Q1, we reduced our internal inventory by $193 million to $927 million, well below our target of $1 billion. Operating expenses were $191 million, below the low end of the guidance range, given our ongoing focus on managing discretionary expenses, while continuing to invest in our technology and product roadmaps. We generated $366 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 30.4%. We incurred $7 million of other expense, and our effective tax rate was 11.7%, driving net income of $317 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.97, which is $0.02 above the guidance that we provided during the last earnings call. Skyworks’ business model continues to generate very strong cash flow. First fiscal quarter cash flow from operations increased to an all-time record of $775 million. Capital expenditures were reduced to $22 million or less than 2% of revenue, resulting in an all-time record free cash flow of $753 million or 63% free cash flow margin. Strong profitability, combined with great working capital management and lowering the CapEx intensity of the business, drove the record cash flow numbers. Also, during fiscal Q1, we paid $109 million in dividends, and repaid the remaining $300 million on our term loan. We ended the quarter with over $1 billion in cash and investments, and $1 billion in debt, creating a net positive cash position, and an optimal capital structure, providing us with superior flexibility and optionality. Now, let’s move on to our outlook for Q2 of fiscal 2024. We anticipate revenue between $1.020 billion to $1.070 billion. We expect our mobile business to be seasonally down, consistent with historical patterns, while in broad markets, we anticipate modest growth off the December bottom, as inventory levels are normalizing in certain end markets. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 45% to 46%, reflecting our seasonally weakest period of the year. We anticipate margin expansion during the remainder of 2024, benefiting from our disciplined management of our manufacturing and operational cost structure, both internal and external, along with higher factory utilization rates. We will also benefit from a favorable mix shift as our broad markets business recovers and accelerates. We expect operating expenses in the range of $193 million to $197 million as we continue to make strategic investments in mobile and broad markets to drive share gains and increased diversification. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $4 million in other expense and an effective tax rate of 11.5% and a diluted share count of approximately 161 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range of $1.045 billion, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.52. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris. So I'm really -- when you look at gross margins, right, we did 46.4% in Q1. We're still impacted there by underutilization, a little bit of a headwind from a mix point of view as well, that continues somewhat in the March quarter that we guided. But then when I look beyond the March quarter, we will see some really nice gross margin uplift in the remainder of the fiscal and the calendar year. Part of that is higher utilization because we will no longer have to focus on a reduction of inventory. That is behind us. We reduced the inventory by almost $200 million in the December quarter. There is maybe still a little bit of opportunity there, but we feel good about the inventory levels where they are right now. In addition to that, our broad markets business is going to grow faster than the mobile business. And so that gives us a little bit of mix tailwind as well. And then in addition to that, we will really benefit from all the cost reductions that we've done over the last 12 months. We really focused on taking out structural parts of the cost structure. We focused on operational efficiencies, driving yield improvements and test time reductions. And in addition to internal cost, we also start seeing some benefit from external cost. And so when you put it all together, we will see some nice gradual gross margin improvement after the March quarter.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So as it relates to broad markets, roughly 40%, 45% is IoT, more consumer IoT, right, where we provide connectivity solutions in tablets, in wearables and PCs, your home connectivity with routers and all the access points that tap into that. In that market, the inventing -- there has been an inventory correction for multiple quarters, but we are getting towards the end of the inventory correction there. In addition to that, we see strong growth in that part of the market due to an uplift in content as we transition from WiFi 6 into WiFi 6E and 7 type of solutions that has a substantially higher RF content of Skyworks inside. The next 30%, 35% is infrastructure, cloud, data center, enterprise networking. There is definitely an inventory correction going on in that part of the business that has started in the December quarter and will continue for a couple of quarters here. Nevertheless, that as well. I think in that market, we're very well-positioned with some key customers, including our timing solutions for data centers. And then the last part is 20%, 25% is automotive and industrial. There as well, I think we're well-positioned. But you've heard it from many of our peers, there is an inventory correction going on I don't think it will be a long drag-out inventory correction. It's probably December, March, two quarters of an inventory correction. And then again, we are very well-positioned in that market the connected car that eventually become an autonomous car as well as EV, where we play with our power resolution solutions. And so again, when you put it all together, December is the bottom for our broad markets. We start seeing some sequential growth in March and beyond. And as you know, yes, those markets typically have a higher gross margin compared to broad markets, and that will help us to lift the gross margin.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, as it relates to gross margin, the gross margin profile of our mobile customers is on or about the same. And part of that is because now we are somewhat selective. We are not sliding down in the mid or low end of the market. We stay at the high end. We stay at the high-performance part. And in that part of the market, you compete based on performance. It's not a price competition. You compete based on performance. And again, that's why gross margins are somewhat the same in -- with all the customers in that segment.
Kris Sennesael: The largest customer was approximately 73% of total revenue which is high, obviously, because the December quarter is the top quarter with the largest customer. And given that the broad markets was bottoming out in December, you get to on or about 73%. Obviously, when you look forward on full year basis or even in March, it will be well below the 73%.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. So as it relates to OpEx, I think we did a good job in the December quarter at $191 million we are guiding with a little step-up in March to $195 million. Keep in mind that this is the start of a new calendar year. And so you get a reset of the social charges and some of that, that kicks in. In addition to that, we are going to continue to invest in our technology and product road maps. We feel good about our position with our mobile players. As Liam articulated, we have plenty of opportunity in our broad markets. And we're going to continue to invest. Now we're going to do it the Skyworks way. We focus on efficiency, effectiveness. We're not wasting any dollars here. And so -- but yes, we're going to continue to invest. And so OpEx will continue to gradually move up in the remainder of the fiscal and calendar year.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. First of all, the cash flow is outstanding, and it's definitely something that we focus on. And so we generate a ton of cash. As you have seen in the last couple of quarters, we have used that cash flow. Of course, we continue to invest in the business. We pay our dividends every quarter. And we have been paying off the term loan that, as you probably know, had a variable interest rate and was getting a little expensive there. But we are done with that. And so now, again, looking forward, we have -- we will continue to drive a very strong free cash flow. It's not going to be every quarter 63%. We feel we have a sustainable plus 30% free cash flow margin on a fiscal or calendar year basis. But that's generating a lot of cash. And of course, we want to put that cash to work we have optionality. We can switch on the buybacks or we can be active from an M&A point of view. And as you know, we -- yes, we focus on becoming a more diverse company despite the fact that we like the mobile business, but we focus on becoming a more diverse company in part through organic investments in that business but we have the optionality to accelerate through M&A, and we're working that.
Kris Sennesael: So no, it's not really tied to one of the businesses. But we have been bringing down the utilization of our factories in part because the revenue is down year-over-year, but also because we have been focusing on driving down the inventory, right? We are taking our medicine now. We're not just building inventory to protect the gross margin. Now it takes a little bit of time for those underutilization charges to hit the P&L. It goes through an inventory cycle, right? That's why you continue to see slightly down gross margins on a sequential basis into the March quarter. But again, we have confidence that March is the bottom in terms of gross margin, and you will start seeing gradual improvements after the March quarter.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. I mean, we guide only one quarter at a time, and there's a reason for it, right? There's a lot of puts and takes that go into the equation. But again, we have confidence that March, 45%, 46% guide is the bottom. We will start seeing gradual improvement from there. We obviously want to get as fast as we can back to the 50%, right? And then once we get back to the 50%, we're not going to stop there. Our long-term target model calls for 53% gross margin, and we believe we can do that. There is no structural impairments in the business that will prevent us that. But obviously, yes, we need revenue growth and we need to get better factory utilization that in combination with all the cost efficiencies internally and externally that we have been working on and will continue to work on, right. Keep the conviction that we will get back to the 50% in a reasonable amount of time. And then we're going to keep driving it towards our target normal of 53%, but we'll provide an update on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Liam Griffin: Sure. Sure. Absolutely. One of the interesting things here with our broad markets business is that there's so many opportunities that we haven't yet scaled. So if we look at the business unlike some of the other mobile markets that are well defined and there's still great opportunities. We look at the broad markets as more of an open-ended play for us. We're leveraging the technologies that we know how to work with. We have a great set of customers and that continues to grow and expand. But yes, I mean, the team has done a really good job. This has been a tough year across the landscape across semis. We're happy to deliver some positive results here today, and we do think there's a turn. Again, in that portfolio, it's very diverse. And mobile is a part of it, but the lion's share is really diversified products. With some really great names as well. And most of those broad market companies, we have low share. There's still a tremendous amount of room to grow within those accounts. So I think those are some of the themes. We've been working on this for quite a while. And finally putting up some meaningful top line, leveraging that broad markets business. The other thing, we continue to remind our customers and even the investors, a lot of the stuff we do in-house. So we're able to craft and curate specialty products. We have our own fabs. We do things a little bit differently, and I think that helps our outcome.
Liam Griffin: Yes, I think it's a secular opportunity. This is a really unique period for us and in the industry. The way we look at it, you look at AI and a lot of that is really intense servers data center, and that's extremely important. Then you take it down kind of to the middle ground and then you're kind of in a different position. But getting that to mobile is going to be a challenge. It's going to be a challenge, but it will happen. The consumer wants that. The consumer wants to have that compute power in their hand. And it's not there yet, but we really believe that it will come. And I think it's going to set up the industry for a whole range of new opportunities still carrying radio frequency. So really excited about it. And again, we have the building blocks and the know-how to do really interesting things and do it account by account as well. Not everybody wants the same solution. But we really do believe that heavy compute power has got to get matched up with something in your hand. That handheld device has got to step up. It's got to grow, it's going to be more -- it's going to need to be faster, lower latency. And that's all good because those are problems that we can solve.
Liam Griffin: Yes, Chris. Yes, you're right. It's been a little bit bumpy through the ecosystem here, but we see green shoots here popping up and Android. We know how to make these products. I think there was a little bit of a soft spot there in the industry. The newer phones are coming up with a little bit more technology. We like that. And we can broaden that base. So we are going to -- in the prepared remarks, we commented on that, and you should expect more growth in the Android ecosystem as we go forward. These are products that we can execute to in the pipeline right now and give us continuing strength getting in -- going through '24 and '25.
Liam Griffin: Yes, largely through the infrastructure business that we have and some of the technology that we brought forth in our Silicon Labs deal, that's driving new vectors for us in the industrial markets and the data center markets, and it's a really vibrant growth source for us, and there's a lot of room to grow there as well. So lots more to do, but we've been making some great progress in that area.
Liam Griffin: Yes. Well, of course, Ed, we're deeply engaged with mobile in all angles, right? So we have a broad set of technologies that are applicable to multiple customers, including the largest. And that's our craft. That's the largest part of our portfolio. We're growing across other markets, but certainly the know-how that we have in RF, the ability to do things in-house, as you know, and the vectors that we put forth to drive this company. So we're all over it at every angle, and we're continuing to work on market share and new innovations. Delighting our customers, over current consumption, expanding the reach, doing a little bit more in the Android markets that we've kind of hinted around that. We're going to continue to execute there and still drive the best performance solutions that we can.
Liam Griffin: Yes. So yes, we're with you on that. So there's a lot of opportunity for us to be more aggressive across the Android ecosystem. It's not just China. You get names like Google and Samsung, they are tremendous opportunities that we can drive. We're built for this kind of stuff. And we have an end-to-end process that we continue to improve and refine at every turn. It helps our customers. It helps our gross margin our utilization. We have incredible factories, homegrown stuff that we have here in Irvine that really, really is the solution of choice as far as I know, with our technology know-how and the ability to be flexible and customizable to each account. And I think that's an asset for us, and I think we'll continue to drive that portfolio. .
Liam Griffin: Yes, absolutely. We've got, as I said, a lot of opportunity to go harder and stronger and more direct on the Android ecosystem. We absolutely have technology to make it work. We have the scale manufacturing scale and know how to get it done. So yes, I mean, it's certainly a play for us there, and I think we'll take advantage.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I mean the OVX players, we do some reasonable business there. We could probably do a little bit more on the Android side, but we really don't step down much further there. We're not in the low end at all. We could be, but I think we generate a better outcome for our customers and our shareholders to drive that mid and high end. So it's something we can do. But I think the way our business runs, I think, we're more accretive as a company going down the playbook that we have today.
Liam Griffin: Yes, sure. There's a lot there, but I think I get your point. So we definitely believe there's going to be more acceleration in revenue in the broad markets. We have a roster of incredible companies that we're serving right now for Cisco to Ford, Daimler, Nest, we talked about before Google Company. It's a very diverse set of products and customers in the broad markets portfolio, and that's what we like. Each one has their own vector. And we're continuing to nurture that and grow into that. And it also have a great opportunity on the sales side because we do have quite a bit of revenue in mobile. But the number of accounts that we haven't served yet is still very, very high, and that's a great opportunity for us to go after.
Liam Griffin: Yes. I think we have a great position with our largest customer. Nothing really is concerning on that point. I mean we know exactly who we are and who they are, and we have great partnerships and will continue to drive success.
