Liam Griffin: Thanks, Raji and welcome everyone. Skyworks posted solid results for the second fiscal quarter of 2024. We delivered revenue of $1.046 billion. We posted earnings per share of $1.55 and generated $300 million of operating cash flow, which reflects strong working capital management and operational excellence.
Liam Griffin: Yes, this is Liam. So there's this interesting dynamics here, and I really can't comment on specifics related to our largest customer. However, we will provide as much directional color as possible here. So we were placed in a unique situation with our largest customer, where we were unable to consummate an award that we expected and frankly thought we had earned. As a result, we expect content headwinds from the upcoming cycle. At the same time, we are strategically aligned with our largest customer and we're ready to engage in all of their strategic initiatives going forward.
Liam Griffin: Yes, I mean, this is not performance related. It's not technology related. In fact, the product has been a stalwart in the portfolio, so nothing like that. Just a unique situation. Can't get into all the details. We're looking forward. We are partners with our largest customer. We expect to do more work in the future and looking forward to that.
Liam Griffin: Yes Ed, unfortunately, I can't give you too much detail here, but as you know, we're striving to gain share in every sockets that we're addressing today, whether the largest customer or some of the other players. The technology's there. I mean, this is not a technology gap. This is really some commercial issues that were unique and we're getting through it and we expect to be able to turn up the revenue here as we go forward.
Liam Griffin: Yes, Ed, great question. I'm glad you asked. So, as you know, if we think about the mobile phone today, which we can't live without. Right? Everybody needs it. So much activity on that device and it's an incredible, incredible product. But when you start to go into Generative AI, as you know, the compute power is going to be so, so high, the current consumption, all of that action is going to burn up your battery. So you've got to step up into a new set of solutions that we're working on right now that will be more power efficient that will be mark-to-market around mobility, but with Gen AI right in this rife zone. So we're really excited with that and we've been talking to the larger customers and players with that as well. We have the toolbox to create unique solutions across multiple customer sets. But if you think about it, the technology burden there is going to be so high. The amount of data back and forth from the handheld to the server is going to be immense. It's going to be very, very difficult. So I think it's going to narrow down the playing field in mobile for customers that you see, and then opportunities at Skyworks to really work with the best and brightest in our space to create elegant new solutions. So we're really looking forward to that and more to come.
Liam Griffin: Yes, absolutely. So there's a lot of opportunity and growth that we're seeing in the broad markets. We've been doing a great job with the automotive segments, a lot of technology there, a lot of opportunity. We're growing that business. We continue to look at other players in the space doing quite well. Industrial markets are coming up for us right now. Solar markets are coming up. We're seeing some good action in PlayStation as well. So we've got kind of a consumer play there, but a lot of volume and a lot of content. So the portfolio is growing, it's diversifying and there's a lot more opportunity out there. We've been kind of focused more on some of the bigger names, but now we start to see a longer roster of opportunities that we can capture. And also just some of the technologies that we brought in from our MSSX lab deal is giving us more green shoots and opportunities as we look long.
Liam Griffin: And I'll just jump in on that. If you think about where we are with Android, we've got really strong engagement with Google and Samsung, high end players, a lot of volume. So it's not so much the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi for us, but it's more around the Samsung and Google players that right now are ramping very well.
Liam Griffin: Yes, we're still not engaged with Huawei. But again, we will work the Android markets with some of the other players that we talked about. So but Huawei for now, I think, has really been kind of on the bench.
Liam Griffin: Well, there are still just a couple things. I mean the product quality there that we look at is just not really up to, that's not for us, and still just very difficult environment in that marketplace.
Liam Griffin: Yes. Great question. So, if you actually think about it right now, we've been really long in the tooth here with upgrades across the board in mobile, across the whole market. So without AI, the market is, we believe is going to inflect with resurgence of growth in terms of units. That's one part. But when you get into the AI side, we talked about it a little bit earlier, we're going to need to do some tremendous things in the smartphone world to actually catalyze what AI needs to do. There's going to be upgrades in servers, there's going to be upgrades on the device, and it's going to drive tremendous power. And power is really, really important. When you think about data center, you hear all these things from Nvidia. They're powered. They're powered to a server. Mobile is mobile or untethered. So the burden on technology in the smartphone world is really going to go up and it's going to narrow the playing field. And I love our chances. We've got a great business. We've got in-house technologies, great engineering, a long, long live set of solutions and know how that we built over the years. So we're really looking forward to it. I think we talked about it already. The smartphone market today already is kind of slowed down. It's turned for an upgrade right now. So the intersection between AI and smartphone growth could be really special. So we're looking forward to it. We have a lot of the key building blocks and our engineering teams know exactly what to do to turn this on. So we're definitely anticipating some upside here.
Liam Griffin: Yes, I mean, there are more paths, uplink and downlink. You got carrier aggregation here, better filters that we do in-house, engaging in with Wi-Fi as well. And there's also going to be a range of new frequency bands as you move forward into those devices, so there's a lot to do. And just that technology alone is going to be amazing. But also the smartphone opportunity today with all those legacy phones that want to turn over to a new upgrade, I think are all going to come together, so we're looking forward to that. We're doing the technical work to make it happen, and we'll keep you posted.
Liam Griffin: Oh, yes. It's one year, one socket, for sure and we have very, very good eyes on that. Like I said, we'll wrap it up, but the product in question, we know how to make, and we look forward to continuing to deliver that and others as we go forward, so we appreciate that.
Liam Griffin: Thanks, everyone, for participating in today's call. We will look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thanks.
Kris Sennesael: Thanks, Liam. Skyworks revenue for the second fiscal quarter of 2024 was $1.046 billion, slightly above the midpoint of our outlook. Mobile was approximately 66% of total revenue, down 19% sequentially. Broad markets were approximately 34% of total revenue, up 1% sequentially. Gross profit was $471 million with gross margin at 45%, in line with expectations. Gross margin was down 140 basis points sequentially reflecting our seasonally weakest period. Also during Q2, we further reduced our internal inventory by $91 million to $836 million, which reflects five consecutive quarters of reductions. Operating expenses were $192 million, below the low end of the guidance range, reflecting our disciplined focus on managing discretionary expenses while continuing to invest in our technology and product roadmaps. We generated $279 million of operating income, translating into an operating margin of 26.7%. We generated $4 million of other income and our effective tax rate was 11.3%, driving net income of $251 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.55, which is $0.03 above the guidance that we provided during the last earnings call. Despite the quarterly volatility, Skyworks business model generates strong cash flow. Second fiscal quarter cash flow from operations was $300 million. Capital expenditures were $28 million or less than 3% of revenue, resulting in a free cash flow of $273 million. We continue to drive robust cash flow through high levels of profitability, prudent working capital management and moderating CapEx. Also during fiscal Q2, we paid $109 million in dividends. Our cash balances grew to over $1.2 billion and we have $1 billion in debt. Our solid capital structure provides us with excellent flexibility and optionality. Now let's move on to our outlook for Q3 of fiscal 2024. We anticipate revenue of $900 million plus or minus 2%. We expect our mobile business to be down sequentially below normal seasonal patterns as excess inventory clears. In broad markets, we anticipate further modest sequential growth as inventory levels appear to be normalizing in certain end markets. Gross margin is projected to be in the range of 45% to 47%, improving 100 basis points sequentially at the midpoint. We anticipate gross margin expansion during the remainder of 2024, driven by our cost reduction actions, favorable mix shift and higher utilization rates. We expect operating expenses in the range of $192 million to $198 million as we continue to make strategic investments in mobile and broad markets to drive share gains and increase diversification. Below the line, we anticipate roughly $2 million in order income, an effective tax rate of 11.5%, and a diluted share count of approximately 161.5 million shares. Accordingly, at the midpoint of the revenue range of $900 million, we intend to deliver diluted earnings per share of $1.21. Operator, let's open the line for questions.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris. This is Kris here. Happy to provide some more color as it relates to our guidance for the June quarter. So, specifically in our mobile business, towards the end of the March quarter, especially in the month of March, we saw some below normal seasonal trends with lower than expected end market demand and unfortunately, that resulted in some buildup of inventory in the channel and that was somewhat across our mobile business. Unfortunately, those trends also continued during the four weeks of April. And so we took that all into account as we set our guidance for the June quarter and we do expect our mobile business to be down sequentially 20% to 25%, which is well below normal seasonal patterns. And it's mostly due to the fact that we have to clear out the excess inventory in the channel. On the flip side, in our broad markets business, we do expect to see some modest sequential growth in addition to the modest sequential growth that we saw in the March quarter as well.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Chris, we only guide one quarter at a time, it's somewhat unpredictable what's going to happen three, four quarters down the road. But we do expect that most of the inventory clearance will be done during the June quarter.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, and Matt, just to add a little bit more color there, and again, as you know, we can't really go into the specifics as it relates to the large customer, but we were able to partially offset the socket loss that Liam just talked about it with some additional content gains, including some new sockets that we don't have in the current version of the phone. And so, as a result, on a net-net, we expect the content to be down a little more than 10% compared to the current phone model, and that will start having an impact in the September quarter.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, Karl, we've talked about that before. We had multiple years where CapEx was running in the 10%, 11%, 12% to revenue, where we build out our manufacturing assets, especially our filter operation, adding substantial amount of capacity, but also in our back end operation where we do very complex integration, assembly and test. So those heavy CapEx years are behind us. We are now focusing more on driving efficiency, yield improvements, test time reductions, die shrinks, and we are creating additional capacity in doing so and focusing on those operational improvements. In addition to that, as you know, revenue has been down year-over-year, so we do have underutilized factories right now. We can substantially grow the revenue without having to add a lot more CapEx. There will always be some CapEx because we need to continue to advance our technology, advance our product roadmaps, and that will require some level of technology driven CapEx. But it's going to remain for many, many years here in the low single digits as a percent to revenue, and that will continue to fuel a very strong free cash flow.
Kris Sennesael: Yes Karl, so we did 45 in March. We guided up 100 basis points at the midpoint of the guidance range for June. We also said in the prepared remarks that we continue to see further gross margins improvements in the remainder of 2024 and beyond. And the three key drivers, which is applicable to our broad markets as well as to our mobile business is driving cost reductions internally as well as externally with all the suppliers that we have. I already indicated that in my previous answer, yield improvements, test time reductions, overall cost reductions, and we are making good progress and we actually can do a lot more and the teams are working really hard on that. The second element, as you indicated, yes broad markets has above average gross margin compared to mobile and so we have a little bit of a mixed tailwind there as well. And then thirdly, it's factory utilization. Keep in mind that we have been drastically reducing our internal inventory for five quarters in a row by now and so we are, I'm comfortable with where inventory levels are right now, so that is no longer going to be a headwind as well. And so as revenue will start growing here and no longer inventory reductions, we will start seeing improvements in factory utilization. And a combination of all of that gives me confidence that gross margins will continue to improve from here.
Kris Sennesael: No, it's all related to the current phone. We are not shipping for the next launch yet, so this is all related to the current phone. The large customer was approximately 68% of total revenue in the March quarter. That was down 19% sequentially, which is somewhat in line with normal seasonality. It was down 3% year-over-year. But as I indicated, we probably built up a little bit of inventory in the channel.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, our Android business has been stabilizing. So it's approaching $100 million a quarter. All our Android, which is Google, Samsung, and the China players, it has been stabilizing. Obviously there is some seasonality into that business. And yes, June is a little bit of a weaker seasonality in that business, but overall it has been stabilizing. The inventory correction is over. We are making some good traction with design wins that as end customer demand will continue to improve over time, new design wins roll in, we do expect that business to contribute to some nice year-over-year growth in the next four, eight quarters here.
Kris Sennesael: Yes, it depends on which part of the broad markets you are looking at. If you look more at the consumer IoT, the edge IoT connectivity products, that has been improving for many quarters now. I think that market is getting stronger. We obviously have some strong technology transfer that is going on as we upgrade to Wi-Fi 6E, and 7 and bookings has been improving with a book-to-bill above one in that part of the market. When you look at infrastructure networking data center, that market has been, as you probably have heard from peers and competitors, a little bit soft. There is some inventory that needs to be cleared out. So we are under-shipping natural demand right now. It's going to take a couple of quarters for that business to really bounce back and in the meantime we have to clear out the inventory. And then automotive and industrial there again you've heard from peers and competitors, there is definitely in certain spots, some excess inventory that needs to be flushed out. Again for Skyworks, we're doing real reasonably well in that market, given just the product cycle, the ramp of connectivity in the car, the ramp with our power isolation for EV, we're doing well with our radio processor in the car. And so we are bucking the trend there a little bit in a tough environment.
Kris Sennesael: Yes. Our China mobile revenue is still de minimis. It has been improving quarter after quarter, but still on a relatively low level. I mean, we have great relationship with Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, the three main players there. Design win momentum is picking up a little bit, but the overall end customer demand environment is still somewhat soft. I think that's the best way to characterize that. But again, I think over time, especially when I'm looking forward to fiscal 2025, we do expect to see some meaningful year-over-year growth in that business.
Kris Sennesael: I think it's going to be difficult to get back to the highest peaks that we have seen in the past because that was overdrive. Remember, that was in the COVID years where all customers were screaming to get more parts and then they ended up with a lot of excess inventory that took more than a year to burn off. But directionally, yes. I mean, it's at $100 million. I mean, we want to get back to $125 million or $150 million, $200 million. And we are focused on that. We do have the technology. We are adding more resources in terms of product development to go after those opportunities. And as end customer demand improves and the design wins roll in, we will see some really good revenue growth in those segments.
Kris Sennesael: Absolutely, absolutely. So currently it's only modest. Like in March it was 1% sequentially. In June we expect 2%, 3% sequentially, but then as we look out in the next couple of quarters, we do and expect an acceleration of that sequential growth getting back to initially modest year-over-year growth, but then translating into strong double digit year-over-year growth in our broad markets business.
Kris Sennesael: And, Quinn, so this is not a major, major correction, right? This is just some softer than expected demand that we see. We're not talking here about a huge major correction. And again, based on customer forecasts and our own intelligence about what's going on into the market, we think that we'll be mostly flushed out in the June quarter and in the guide that we provided for the June.
