Donald W. Palette: Thanks, Dave, and thanks again for joining us, everyone. We appreciate that. I will first provide a summary of our first quarter results and then outline our business outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2012.  Revenue for the first fiscal quarter was $393.7 million, up more than 17% year-over-year. Gross profit was $174.4 million or 44.3% of revenue. Operating expenses were $69.3 million. That includes R&D the expense of $41.4 million and SG&A expense of $27.9 million, yielding $105.2 million of operating income and a 26.7% operating margin. Cash taxes were $8.9 million. That translates into an 8.5% tax rate, which is in line with our prior guidance. Net income was $96.2 million or $0.51 of diluted earnings per share, $0.01 better than our guidance. Turning to our first quarter balance sheet and cash flow statement. We generated $77.2 million in cash flow from operations. We also invested $6.4 million in capital expenditures with depreciation of $17.3 million. We expect our CapEx to remain below depreciation levels until the second half of fiscal 2012 as we increase volumes. We produced free cash flow of $70.8 million, which implies a 9% free cash flow yield based on our recent equity value in our calendar 2011 free cash flow. We repurchased 750,000 shares of our common stock and $9 million of our convertible debt and exited the quarter with $446.5 million in cash. Following the close of the first quarter, we completed the acquisition of AATI for roughly $200 million in net cash. It is worth pointing out that we elected to pursue an all-cash structure for this transaction in order to avoid issuing equity. In addition, we repurchased the remaining of our 2007 convertible notes. We are pleased to report that we are now completely debt-free. Now for our second quarter 2012 business outlook. We are guiding second quarter revenue to be approximately $360 million, including roughly a $14 million stub contribution from the acquisition of AATI. Excluding AATI, our second quarter guidance reflects slightly better-than-normal seasonality. At this revenue level, we suggest modeling gross margin in the 43% to 43.5% range, which factors in the impact of the seasonally lower revenue base. Looking ahead, we see gross margins improving in the third quarter as sequential revenue growth resumes and as we realize synergies associated with the AATI acquisition. We expect second quarter operating expense to be in the range of $74 million to $75 million, including AATI expenses for the period. Below the line, we expect no contribution from interest income and other expenses. We expect our cash tax rate for the remainder of fiscal 2012 to remain steady at around 8.5%. And as a result, we expect our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be $0.40 on a base of 189 million shares. That concludes our prepared remarks. So, operator, go ahead and open up the lines for questions.
Donald W. Palette: And, Nathan, as far as -- this is Don, on the pricing issue, there's been a lot of talk, you're right, from competitors in this space. And actually, we're not seeing anything unusual in the marketplace regarding pricing. Our current erosion and projected erosion is well within historical ranges. The ASP erosion is a market dynamic we're well accustomed to dealing with. And what's important is, now more than ever, this is not a commodity business, we're pricing along win share. I mean, customers are making decisions based on your product performance, technical capabilities and breadth. The baseband partnerships, you have scale and supplier reliability. Aggressive pricing really only works in the open market -- open China market, 2G. And as the low-cost producer in this space, we're in a much stronger position to manage this dynamic, and our financials consistently reflect that. So it's really that it's our ability to manage through that and our ability to have the products in place to take advantage of the requirements that the customers need. And it's just we don't see any different dynamic than we've been used to dealing with over the last [indiscernible].
Donald W. Palette: Ittai, this is Don. The 10%, which is a number that we talk about on a quarterly basis, it was Foxconn, Samsung and Nokia, consistent with what it's been over the last multiple quarters. So that did not change in the quarter.
Donald W. Palette: Todd, this is Don. That's absolutely not the case. We're going to be -- our expectation is to continue to deliver the margin expansion. It will be in step with revenue growth. It is volume- and revenue-dependent, but we've got the opportunities to drive the expansion clearly defined and they include the increasing dollar content as the migration of more complex architectures continues, we're going to leverage a hybrid manufacturing model with engineering focused on low-cost designs. We're making targeted productivity improvement CapEx investments, and we're going to grow the HPA business. All those things are going to continue to move the margins forward. And I do want to point out, I mean, if you look at the incremental changes that we've built the model off, if you look at the margin change from the December to the March quarter, we guided, that's about a 50% drop, which is what you would expect. Now there is some short-term pressure that you've seen with the 2 acquisitions. We have said they were a little bit, SiGe was a little bit below corporate average. We're moving that forward. We said the target is by the end of this year that they're going to be at or above Skyworks' averages. So when you've added some of this incremental revenue, it just put a little bit of pressure on it. But there's really nothing inherently different in the model. That's the takeaway.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, the switch business is small for us today because only entered the ASM business in 2011. That's where the action is. As I say, we've had a lot of discrete switches -- our market discrete switches has been very high for us, multiband discrete switches. We've moved that portfolio over to a great deal of SOI incorporated -- silicon-on-insulator -- incorporated filter technology and we've now been producing ASMs, and we're getting really good traction for those products. They're very important on the receive side, insertion loss and how they impact current consumption. And again, the challenge is multibands, and we're quite good at that. So in fact some of these devices have 10-throw switches in them, unheard of a couple of years ago. I think Multimode is continuing to have its play. But remember these are -- these MMMB devices are really hybrids that will have bands of LTE bolted on to them. So picture this device and others like it, could have MMMB, could have bands of discrete or PADs and ASM. This product has a GPS LNA, has a 2.4- and a 5-gig WiFi module. So I think, in general, converged is going to continue or multimode will continue, but it will be part of a hybrid front-end architecture because the performance requirements are so high.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, the breakout is 30% HPA this quarter and 70% handset smartphones, which is consistent with where it was last quarter. And the follow-up on the SiGe operating margins. We don't -- it's a business segment for us. It's rolled into our mobile connectivity business, and it's clearly important part of the business going forward, but it is in a business that we report separate margins on. The only point I was making is we were cleared in the acquisition and if you've followed them in some of their filings, you saw that their product margins and operating margins were partly [ph] below corporate average. And we said we have a specific target in place, which we're well on track or for those to be at or above Skyworks' averages by 2012.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, it's a similar story. They have a little higher product margins. But when you add in at the revenue level, their operating expenses that they had, it was a little bit below the overall Skyworks return. But again, the plan in place to drive margins forward, we've made some targeted OpEx reductions, and all that combined, we think again is within 3 quarters or so after the acquisition, we're going to be very close, if not, at the Skyworks' operating margins.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, still $20 million to $21 million. Yes, so that's the number you're referring to. No, the $16 million was what we we're saying is they were $16 million in December and basically flat sequentially. And the difference between the $16 million and $14 million is the $2 million stub period, what we own them. That's...
Donald W. Palette: Just to frame that. With what we spent in Q1 and where we're projecting Q2, we're going to be in roughly $20 million, maybe a little over $20 million in CapEx. And Q2 is the trough, and as the market continues to rebound, and we think we continue to gain share and strengthen our position, that's going to mean some incremental CapEx investment, but it's not a significant amount above those levels.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, Alex, I would say that it was reasonably linear this quarter. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary in the December quarter. December has a slightly different profile than others as you can imagine, but nothing out of the ordinary. I think some of the puts and takes, our business, with, for example, Samsung was very strong with the launch of new products. Our HPA business in general was quite good. Our home automation and mobile connectivity business performed very well. Our standard catalog business went along strong, was sequentially up for the quarter. We saw some softness in pockets of 2G open market China, which was offset by the introduction of 3G and some of the momentum we're seeing with customers like Huawei and ZTE. So I would say those were kind of the puts and the take -- puts and takes. Infrastructure was a little soft as well. I think in Q2, we expect kind of more of the same. It's a seasonally low quarter. I don't see anything out of the ordinary in terms of overall inventory. I still see choppiness in the low end of the market in China. I still see a lot of launches -- new launches we're participating in for 3G that are penetrating the same market. Tremendous amount of design activity, which I think bodes pretty well for the second half of the year.
David J. Aldrich: I do see it increasing because there have been a great deal -- there's been a great deal of emphasis on incorporating bands of LTE, creating more world-based ubiquitous products, more tablet design activity where the complexity is very high. So I think that the basic trend of increasing content and all that, that implies from design win standpoint is very much alive and well. It had been playing out, now, relative to 6 months ago. And I think that trend will continue, frankly. I think you'll see that throughout 2012, 2013.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, our sky-high LTE is now demonstrating, and in real world environment is showing really, I'm quite -- our customers are quite impressed with the power-added efficiency and the low-current consumption. We're seeing PAEs north of 50% for this product line. They're quite rugged. We've been sampling them for some time. They're in production. We've been picking up reference design sockets. I would say, we probably are in the 40% overall market share range in terms of the total business. I think LTE is going to be a similar platform for us. I expect very high growth and an awful lot of design momentum right now as carriers are demanding this, even in networks that don't have that -- that are not enabled with LTE, they want these products to have LTE.
David J. Aldrich: And I think probably as 2012 rolls out, we get into the late 2012, 2013, I think we will be by far the #1 producer of LTE. I think we will lead that space.
David J. Aldrich: Sure. With respect to LTE timing, you are starting to see the initial launches across some of our OEMs. We think that the real excitement around LTE in the consumers' hands will occur later in 2012. You'll see it in smartphones, potentially even tablets, which will be an ideal platform. So that's one part here. In the second question that you had related to content, we are absolutely amazed with the number frequencies and the RF addressable content that we see in a typical LTE device. You'll often have 2 or 3 bands of LTE, maybe 4 bands of LTE, backward compatibility to WCDMA, where there could be another 3 or 4 bands, and then even an EDGE device. So when we speak of content of $8 to $10, it's absolutely true. It's power amplifiers. We bring in our ASM. We could also add wireless connectivity to 5 gig and 2.4 gig modules. But we are looking at the $8 to $10 of content in these devices.
David J. Aldrich: And, Nathan, furthermore, to add what Don said, underutilization in this space is not a function of bad pricing decisions. It's a product issue. So if you -- there's plenty of market demand to fill capacity. We've been incrementally adding it. So I think if you look at where there are pockets of excess capacity, it's a product issue, it's not a pricing problem.
David J. Aldrich: Well, the AATI in the December quarter was around $15 million and change, it was around $16 million. Our $14 million, remember there was a stub period here, so our $14 million is only part of the quarter. So if you really go back in time, it's been some time since they were in the mid-20s. They've been running at sub-20. And I think if you look at the analog peers in the power management space, they've seen some pretty significant downturns, and AATI has not been immune to that. So I think that our guidance is pretty consistent with how they've been running since the market for these products sort of corrected a little bit. The other thing that we're doing is we are looking very, very hard at the product portfolio and making sure that we launch this business where we have the most competitive advantages. So we are doing some product line pruning and expect AATI to be emerging much stronger as we go through that process, which began when we closed last week.
David J. Aldrich: That's a great question, Vivek. So the way we look at that is that our customers today are, as you can imagine, really struggling with all the shielding and interference and filtering problems created by so many bands. And really, it's quite impressive to see this level of complexity given the current consumption requirements, the battery voltage issue, size, real physical size. And so what our customers are jumping to as quickly as we can provide it, as the industry can provide it, is some way to preserve performance as measured by battery talk time, among others, while at the same time just enabling the number of bands. So we see a steady march where each successive generation, for the most part, in general, has higher dollar content. That doesn't mean higher content per band. So the way to play this is we're able to integrate where we have some relatively modest incremental cost as we add more functionality, but our customer gets the value of not having to replicate the cost for each discrete band. So we get more dollar content. They get a more affordable band. They get a more integrated device, which takes up less size, and most importantly, consumes no more current or less current, hopefully. So the game is very much thinking of microprocessor business, right? We're adding functionality, which is keeping us ahead of the overall ASP curve, while adding value, enabling them to have more complexity that they can afford, that the market can afford. Now the fact is, as we said in the prepared comments, the ability to do that is limited to a very small handful of suppliers, which is very, very good for us, stable for pricing. And as Liam mentioned, we're adding a great deal of more content. We really love the fact that now when we go to an engagement, it's not just a multimode PA with discrete bands of LTE bolted on, it's an Antenna Switch Module, it's a 5-gig PA module incorporating backward compatibility to 2.4 on WiFi, it's a GPS product. And this is not a dream of ours. We're doing that right now. You're going to see products today that you can buy on the shelf that have all that content of Skyworks, unheard of a year ago.
David J. Aldrich: Well, we've talked about this before, and it's playing out pretty quickly. First of all, FBAR technology is a great technology. The problem is that these filters are becoming increasingly multiband and low, medium and high band. And so SAW filter from a price performance is absolutely a requirement. So what we're finding is FBAR is great for certain high-frequency applications. But more and more on our customers' roadmap and our roadmap is the combination of these bands that are making a single technology not sufficient. So what we've been doing is we have been partnering with companies who view us the -- remember, we're the best in the PA space. We're the biggest in PA space. We're also -- I think, we're the best, we're the biggest by far. And so the filter providers in the world view as a wonderful partner to them and an entree to the market. So we are not -- these are not our roadmap. We are in high-volume production and we are winning PAD sockets of single band, multiband and their low, medium and high frequencies. So while we think FBAR is a great technology, so is SAW. It has a different performance characteristic, and we intend to play across the entire suite. And you'll increasingly see that if you crack open smartphones in 2012.
David J. Aldrich: About $20 million. So they really have been a 20 or sub-20 for now going on 9 months. And as I mentioned earlier, we think that's a function of the power management space in which they compete. You've seen other -- you've seen their competitors do pretty much the same thing. But we're also tuning up that product line, very much like we did with SiGe, we really expect to be able to put them on the right trajectory because we're adding our scale, our cost structure and our ability to bundle and integrate. And we feel very, very good about that acquisition. But it's not correct that they've been in the mid-20s. They've been 20 to sub-20.
David J. Aldrich: Yes, I mean, the September to December decline, a lot of that was market-driven. It was a pretty challenging quarter for the analog group in general. If you looked at some of the power management players, I think AATI endured the same headwind. As we bring that portfolio into Skyworks, we certainly think that we can expand the addressable customer set dramatically, alright? We have tremendous position across all the Tier 1 OEMs. We like the technology. We think power management is a very core expertise and competency to have and the IP there is significant. So we absolutely believe we're going to be able to grow the business. We've rightsized the OpEx. We can leverage a great sales channel. I think our operational team here at Skyworks is world-class. They'll be a part of the story. And we'll be, hopefully, reporting more good news to you as we go forward.
David J. Aldrich: Well, no. It's absolutely a bundling benefit. If I take the SiGe as an example, not only we're able to sort of tune-up, if you will, the product portfolio but by presenting it to those individuals sourcing and engineering within our customers where we have a long history, they went from sort of a small company where customers will work about engaging in these high-volume sockets to one of which they had confidence. So there's an immediate bundling and I think -- supply-chain reputation advantage that then becomes a product advantage in some cases. So we were able to take our mobile connectivity business and theirs, our experience with SLI, their experience with SLI, our packaging experience. We were able to drive some pretty compelling multiband WiFi devices an example. I think the -- if you look at AATI, if you look at what they're doing with camera flash drivers, for example, in smartphones. They're doing it with LG and Samsung and HTC. We think we have an opportunity to take those to other customers where they were kind of boxed out based upon scale.
David J. Aldrich: I'll give you an example. When we introduced a family of ASM products, quite recently, one thing we were able to do was we're able to put the hands onto design benches and into platforms for them to test immediately across all our top customers. They didn't all buy it, some did, but I think that's a tremendous advantage that these smaller companies lack.
David J. Aldrich: Ed, I will say that on average, it's absolutely the case. On average. That as more bands are being added, the TAM is up. So there are couple of examples, where that hasn't been the case. But on average, that -- overall, that's not the case. As more bands have been added, as the transition from feature phones to smartphones, the TAM is up, and not up a little bit, up substantially. There aren't that many smartphones today that aren't engaging in not only multimodes, multiband for 3G but also 4G and all the content it implies it bolts around it. I mean, yes, there's a PA. You can integrate bands in the PA, but you've got to figure out the filtering, the switching, the receive side and it's very complicated, the ASM is higher. So I think there will be more multimode. We welcome multimode because we think that by moving from a discrete implementation to more higher levels of integration, the competitive landscape gets much narrower. Much narrower. And you see that as we're now competing typically in our larger sockets with our customers. If we're competing with -- we're competing with one other company usually. And that company differs from standard to standard, and we like that a lot. We like to see the nature of the competition getting a little bit more niche-y as we become more broad.
David J. Aldrich: No, that forecast does include the AATI operating expenses that will move forward with post-synergies after the acquisition. But there will be -- we're adding some targeted headcount for opportunities in the second half and there's some other expense drivers where you really take the Q2 forecast. You need to model some increase into that in the second half of the year. But it won't be material, but you do need to add some increases to that.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Well, thank you very much for participating, and we look forward to seeing you all at the upcoming conferences.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Alex, this is Liam. Yes, we are seeing some signs of improvement across the broader landscape in HPA. The last -- the end of December seemed to get a little brighter. And as we get into the March quarter now, we feel like we have an ability here to perform very well against the to market. Our mobile connectivity, our wireless LAN portfolio looks very good. The Antenna Switch Module business, which is heavily weighted towards multiple modes and multiple bands across all RF applications is doing quite well. And then we are -- we believe that Infrastructure is going to start to pick back up. They had been soft, as Dave mentioned, in December. So we do see some encouragement there across the broader market.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. We're also seeing, in parallel, if you talk about infrastructure, the real driver right now in infrastructure is to put out that ecosystem and develop the carrier model to support high-frequency LTE. So you're starting to see a build-out with Ericsson, Nokia, Siemens, Huawei, names like that. So that's a little bit more back half of 2012, but that infrastructure is also rolling.
Liam K. Griffin: We also have -- as you know, Sujee, we come from a deep experience, systems-level experience at Skyworks. So our engineering teams, our applications folks, coupled with the sales guys are able to really go in and architect optimal solutions. We understand the current budget for our customers. We know where we can apply some of that budget to 5-gig WiFi, some of that to multimode PA. And I think our ability to kind of work collaboratively with the customer has been really helpful.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Well, with respect to AATI, I mean one of the things you said is exactly attracts us. As you probably observed, they have really done well with a small set of customers, and they've done real well. Their share has been high. We think we can replicate that model across all of our Tier 1 accounts. We like -- in general, I think the market for LED drivers backlighting more screens in one's hand, right? From TVs to smartphones to tablets, there's a TAM opportunity across-the-board and their customer set has been very narrow. Their camera flash technology, we think, is outstanding, yet it's only playing in a few accounts. I think they lack the scale. They lack the sales channel to really penetrate some of the other big drivers out there from a customer perspective. We think we can turn that around. With respect to MIMO technology. If you look at what's happening in wireless LAN, that is an area where it's been explosive growth for us. It's been a performance-driven market as Dave articulated. We see the same thing in cellular. And basically, a 2x2 MIMO is 2x the content of a 1x1. It's linear. A 3x3 is 3x the content. So you get multiple inputs, multiple outputs, multiple radios and multiple bands. And we see that trend moving forward as video becomes more important to the user.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. We're engaged with all the significant players that would be porting LTE, of course, Qualcomm, Infineon Mobile and others. We have a great portfolio. We have OEM relationships. As Dave mentioned before, we have the R&D horsepower and the application savvy to make sure the best-in-class products are appropriately positioned with the leading baseband providers, and that ultimately will flow through to the OEMs.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. Let me add, Ed, to that. And if you look at what's happening in the China, we talk about the China market contracting and being a difficult base for pricing. But while we see that $1 ASP market go down, we see more plays with Huawei and ZTE and HTC now bringing on 2 smartphones that are $3, $4, $5 in content. So in addition to the net unit-to-unit TAM increase that we see in a given smartphone portfolio, we're seeing the subscriber base gravitate towards smartphones at a much faster rate. And there's still a big upside there in emerging markets.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, that's right. The upgrade cycle from feature phones to 3Gs and smartphones is always an increase in content that's rather significant. And even among the company -- we talked about in our prepared comments what's going on at Samsung today. In those products there's a lot more RF content in those products than one they replaced. A lot more. And we have the advantage of sitting here and designing products that are late 2012, 2013, and I will tell you, the average content is substantially higher.
Liam K. Griffin: Okay, okay. Let me start with wireless LAN. Yes, you absolutely nailed it. A very key move for us in technology. The 802.11ac space is really the next upgrade cycle in wireless LAN. It would be what LTE is to cellular, 802.11ac is to WiFi. We have an outstanding position in that category. We are partnered up very closely with Broadcom, one of the leaders in the chipset space. This technology is really made perfectly for video distribution and video communication, higher data rates, higher performance. We think it's going to be a great new category and an extension of WiFi. It will raise the TAM. It will raise the performance requirements, be deployed in access points. I think on the receive side, you're going to see this technology in tablets and TDs. We feel real good about it. You'll see more releases from Skyworks this year. And with respect to AATI and R&D, one of the advantages that we have at Skyworks in that we are a technology leader, we're also a manufacturer. We have fabs in-house, we have partners outside and we have a team is here that is well-equipped to manage the most complex engineering tasks. So as we bring this company in, and we make some changes to OpEx and work on portfolio management, there'll be a lot of leverage from the talent pool within Skyworks today to lean into this technology to support ongoing R&D efforts. So you're going to actually see an increase in the ability to deliver complex products as this company comes inside.
