David J. Aldrich: Thanks, Parag. This is Dave. We have seen some demand pushout based on shortages. It's been factored into our June guidance. And I'll just add that diversification in our end markets and diversification among the -- our customer set within our mobile business is helping us -- it always helps us to minimize the impact of these kinds of swings. But it's all been factored into what we talked about in our Q3 guidance.
David J. Aldrich: I do, and it's really driven by specific program ramps across both our high-performance analog and our mobile business.
David J. Aldrich: Okay well, that's a pretty broad question. Let me kind of break it up a little bit. The way we are able to deal with customer concentration is the best way possible, which is to try to be a strategic partner and aligned with all of the customers, with all the major customers. We've done a very good job of being able to do that. Furthermore, we focus on our chipset and baseband partners. And by being lined out with virtually every chipset in the market today, we are able to address those swings. So as OEMs look to bring forth a new platform and they begin with a reference design, we're on that reference design, and we're well positioned with their chipset partners. So I think those 2 things allow us to be as diversified as one can be within the mobile business. It has some inherent concentration. Beyond that, we look to diversify into new markets. Logically, we have a high-end performance analog business. We have a strong, robust catalog business, so we're able to address markets like wireless infrastructure, automotive, we talked today about medical, so we have a diverse set of markets we address, which also gives us an opportunity to have less volatility.
David J. Aldrich: And to explain the second part of your question, we're seeing some strength in our Korean customer base, we're seeing strength with some of our Chinese customers like Huawei, our HPA portfolio is performing very well, the catalog business is strong, and we're seeing WiFi and some of the connect rate with gaming and some of the home automation markets doing very well for us. It's a combination of those things.
David J. Aldrich: Sure. Yes, I think this year, we have right now, just to give you a little bit of a backdrop, we have a very strong position with the leading chipset provider, and by virtue of that, have a fairly strong insight into the OEMs and the ramp that we'll see late 2012 and into 2013. So we believe that's going to be a pretty aggressive phase in. We're bringing ac up in 11, and we'll roll out. You see gigabit speed with 11ac, you see MIMO, we have literally multiple screens, so you'd double or triple your RF content. We see that playing out late 2012 as a ramp and then into 2013 and beyond. We're really excited about it. And as I said, we have very good visibility into the chipset in the OEM side.
David J. Aldrich: And I think, just to add onto that, Alex, it really is, again, part of our diversions -- our diversification strategy. Nokia has been a great customer of ours. They build a lot of phones. And as we see, shares move and the strategy has changed. We just always want to make sure that as we see our OEM share shifts, we're there to address the entire base, and we do a pretty good job with that.
David J. Aldrich: And I'd add to that, that we have -- we've established a product lineup, everything from CMOS devices, an acquisition we did a couple of years ago with ultra low-cost, and it's very high-performance, very low-cost HPT devices for the next tier of that 2G market. And so the way we think about this is, while the ASP pressure has been felt in that part of the market, we are convinced that we have by far the lowest cost structure, we have the scale, and we've got the right -- and positioned on the right reference design. So for us, it's points of market share, and we leveraged that volume to continue to drive down the cost curve in our factories and drive our utilization higher. So we like that business, but we're careful with it to make sure that it continues to have a positive contribution and that we maintain our overall worldwide market share because that's very important to us.
David J. Aldrich: Well, I'll say it a little bit differently. The market is going to grow for the core RF TAM by more than 15%, and as you know, we've been very clear that we intend to gain share. And so, that 15%, by the way, is looking at the -- looking at multiple bands of amplification, it's looking at the complicated switching and conditioning and filtering that occurs, that needs to occur, and fortunately, for us, all that complexity is creating real problems with size, with shielding, with interference. And so we've spent a great deal of time and effort working with our customers to solve those problems for them. And as a result, we were able to, not only take points in share, but really work through a real issue that they have right now which is hitting the current consumption battery talk time with all of this -- as they try to add more functionality into these devices. And so it's really a great time for us.
David J. Aldrich: Okay. Ed, the SkyHi PA, as you said, that's a product line that's really tailored to our ultrahigh-efficiency amplifiers, LTE bands and the like, and the difference in our model over the last couple of years is we see different competitors when we sell PADs, when we sell discretes, multi-mode devices, ASMs, we tend to see a different customer set. To answer your direct question about SkyHi, we'd probably RFMD more than anybody else today.
David J. Aldrich: Well, I think that's -- Cody, maybe I misunderstand the question. I think that's the 15% answer. What we -- the way we get to 15% is we increase the number of bands the way we think the market will morph over years. We've -- typically, we take the 2G market, which, of course, has the lowest ASP, and that is now in decline, a fairly rapid decline as a matter of fact. It's not going to go away, but it's in decline. And then we look at the mix of high-end, mid-tier and low-end smartphones, those that may be addressing local or regional content, and therefore, have fewer bands. And when we do that, and then factor in ASP on a phone-to-phone basis over time, we think that 15% for the next few years is a good number. In fact, we've come at that in many ways, we'd seem to come to that -- close to that answer, cut lots of different ways. And then of course, the other products we're talking about that we didn't previously address, that expands beyond that. So -- and you're going to begin to see in 2012, as you look at teardown reports and so on, you're going to start to see it -- lots of examples of Skyworks having a front-end, having a PAD, having filter and PA technology, ASMs, GPS products, multiple modes of WiFi, and you're going to see that being not an atypical lineup for Skyworks in teardown reports.
David J. Aldrich: And I think the answer to the second part of the question is yes. You should see 3G and 4G continuing to displace and become a bigger percentage of our business, as it will become a bigger percentage of the market as well.
David J. Aldrich: It would be the global variant. And I really rather not get into the specific dollar content. That's a little proprietary. And our customer probably wouldn't appreciate that. But it is high, and I think you're doing the part count right.
David J. Aldrich: It's also -- I'll add on to what Liam said. It is also a case, if you look at a lot of products, we've talked over time about their being discrete, high-dollar content, high-performance and then much more highly integrated, and even those sockets where the amplifiers themselves are highly integrated, there's a lot of opportunities. So I think it kind of -- it reverses this notion that when you put lots of bands in a multi-mode device, all of a sudden you TAM-drops it. That's really not the case. We're not seeing that.
David J. Aldrich: And, Dale, one of the reasons why we steered away from that market in the past is why we did a lot of switches, mode switches, TR switches and the like. And as the antenna switch module in a simple dual-band phone, for example, it's more about the filter device, and the switching was done in pin diodes, and it really wasn't that complex. The ASPs were low. What's happening with the complexity is it can no longer be done with a pin diode matrix on a hunk of LTCC and some ceramic. It is really now requiring some pretty sophisticated signal processing and multi-throw switches. We do a lot of that SOI, for example. We don't need to do that in gallium arsenide, where we can integrate some logic and functionality. And so it's now become semiconductor-heavy, so it plays into Skyworks' strength.
David J. Aldrich: It's a little different curve, but it is -- in all cases, it's fairly broad. It has amplifications, so transmit amplification. And in some cases, it's more functionality, where we're sweeping in things like ASMs. So amplifiers in all cases, but ASMs, GPS LNAs, WiFi devices, and I think maybe WiFI [indiscernible].
David J. Aldrich: I think current channel inventory is normal. I don't see any areas where there is excess inventory. So I think it's pretty normal for this time in year.
David J. Aldrich: Well, our strategy has been pretty clear. We look for acquisitions that are very quickly or immediately accretive, and that have an opportunity for us to add a platform that we can grow from. So this on bolt-on, wedge fillers, we're really looking for growth engines and -- so we don't see any technological -- technology gaps per se today, at least not major ones. So you have -- but you have to think of us looking at it that way. We opportunistically look for a cultural fit, something that we could integrate very quickly, and something that would be immediately accretive.
David J. Aldrich: It's not typically -- we're not sole source on the platform, although on the models, it would be sole source, so the custom per model, but not on the platform. We have company on the platform.
David J. Aldrich: It was a few million dollars, below $10 million. It's really just beginning. But it ramps pretty -- it ramps solidly in the second half.
David J. Aldrich: And I think it's quite -- it's a little tough to answer that question because it really depends upon how the market evolves. In the case of we're about 65% in the mobile space, 35% in our diversified HPA business, and within the high-performance analog. And within that 65%, our goal would to be as diversified as we possibly can be with the products that we address. In which case, a really good strategy would be implemented such that we mirror the customer concentration of the market. And that's as good as we can do it. And we're not exactly there today, but we're pretty close. So when you look at who's beyond the top 2 or 3, it really is a who's who among OEMs. So you'd look at LG, you'd look at ZTE, you'd look at Huawei, Motorola and others, almost stacked as if you would see them in the market.
David J. Aldrich: Well, thank you for participating on today's call, and we look forward to seeing all of you in upcoming conferences.
Donald W. Palette: Sure, Anne. We had 3 10% customers for the quarter, and they were Foxconn, Samsung and Nokia. And -- but we don't break it out beyond who is the top 10% customers in a quarter.
Donald W. Palette: Blayne, I'll just take the housekeeping question first. The -- for the quarter, we were at 35% linear HPA and 65% handset smartphone, which is consistent with the percentage we were at last quarter. There really wasn't a change in it.
Donald W. Palette: Yes so I think and when you think of it, Craig, it's a timing thing. And as Liam said, SiGe, we've just had to integrate it longer, so we're starting to look [ph] at the benefits curve a little faster. But we fully expect AATI to be there as well. This is just a question of timing, but they're going very, very well. They're very -- going very, very well.
Donald W. Palette: Well, clearly that there's been no change in our aspiration to have a 30% operating model. That's still where we're focused. And the best way for you is to step back and look at our businesses. We're still -- and we've talked about this a lot, we're still dropping through our incremental revenue on a gross margin line 48% to 50%. So you start with that. Okay, we are going to be making some targeted investments in OpEx in future opportunities. You see that in our Q3 guidance. Those aren't going to be material, but there will be something there. So you're still going to see leverage. And as you layer in this revenue and drop it to the 50%, you get a real good feel as to when that 30% target is doable. That is really, Ittai, the best way to do it. But that goal is clearly in front of us. We're going to continue to expand product margins, and there's a tremendous amount of leverage in the business. There is no doubt in the short term that the acquisitions have stalled that a little bit because as we -- we're synergizing them and incorporating them into the business, they've had a little bit of a diluting impact on the incremental returns. But we're going to go through that, and as the revenue ramps, you're going to see the leverage in the model. That's for you to do that, just to run those scenarios and you see it.
Donald W. Palette: Matt, I'll just give you the statistics real quick. The 2G was roughly 25%, and EDGE, WEDGE, with WCDMA was roughly 75% for the quarter.
Donald W. Palette: Yes, our backlog coverage, as we do typically when we provide an outlook, is we're pretty much 100% booked at this point in time, and that's a combination of hard purchase orders and also the humbles [ph]. It's a combination of both forecasts that get us to that level.
Donald W. Palette: As far as the growth opportunity, I really -- refers to the fiscal quarters for us through the calendar year as well. We just see what's the design pipeline and the wins that we've had in place earlier in the year. We just see some really nice growth opportunities. For the balance of our fiscal and the calendar year as well.
Liam K. Griffin: Certainly, Nokia, as Don indicated, are 10% customer for us, and we have a very broad footprint from 3G, very high-end, even LTE-enabled phones, and in this year, down to the lower-end 2G business. We continue to work very hard to gain share. I think one of the things that you should expect from us, as we get into 2013, is to go beyond the power amplifier space. We're currently working with them on GPS products. We have a great opportunity for the antenna switch modules. And quite frankly, the power management IP that we bring forth today could be a real driver for us into 2013.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes. Huawei and ZTE both -- they're not 10% customers, but I think that they are really the big guns that they are in, in China, of course. And what we like is, unlike some of the challenges that you see with 2G business in open-market China, Huawei and ZTE really have been playing up with 3G and LTE ramps. We also like the infrastructure opportunities there. As you start to see subscribers increase in China, more smartphone adoption, and that's predicated now by our ramp in infrastructure. We play there as well, so that's the story we like.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Craig, thanks. Well, we actually are seeing a couple of things. First of all, on a unit-per-unit basis, the 11ac product is much more complex. You're driving 256K QAM versus 64K. The channel bandwidth virtually doubles versus 11n. So on a part-by-part basis, this is a more complex device, higher ASP, higher value. But now when you bring in MIMO, multiple in/multiple out, you could take 2, 3 or 4 screens. So you have an individual power increase, and then you have the multiplication factor of MIMO. So this is a substantial TAM pop for us.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes the dollars are huge because that's certainly you want a screen, and you also look at extended range. So we're really pleased by it. And I will say that we've had the benefit of early engagement with the leading chipset provider, and that's put us in a great leadership position.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, Craig, this is Liam. With respect to the integration with both of these franchises, we're very pleased with what we've seen. Certainly, SiGe we've had under our wing here for a little more time. And I think what you're seeing now is the benefit of our customer engagements, the Skyworks sales force and the relationships we forged. With AATI, we love the product, we love the technology, and I think you're going to start to see real benefits again as we roll that out to Tier 1 accounts that had not been addressed in the past.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. Yes, the 2G market in China, as we indicated earlier, it's really a very broad open market portfolio of small OEMs and a number of chipset providers. We have a very good position there. We had been a partner with MediaTek for quite some time. But that portfolio now, in general, as the market is compressed, the ASPs have come in a little bit, and the overall share of China's overall demand is lessened in 2G. Now having said that, we are excited with the 3G ramp. We're starting to see that being led by the 2 main players I mentioned before, Huawei and ZTE. We have a very good position there. They tend to use chipset and baseband providers that we know well. Very often, we lead with a reference design. And those accounts are also more willing to leverage the complexity and the value and add additional components, ASMs, et cetera.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure. And Ed, with respect to high-performance analog, we certainly expect to be at least growing as fast as our mobile business. But by benefit of some of the new product categories we have and design win traction that we're pursuing right now, we hope to do even better than that getting into 2013.
Liam K. Griffin: Yes, I mean, it's one that's -- one real good case study of about seeing that diversification. You see our product in their traditional product. You see switch product, wireless LAN, GPS, and even some other technologies, so I think it's a great example of what we're capable of doing now at this full suite in technology.
Liam K. Griffin: Sure, Dale. Yes, I mean, so a couple of things. As you know, Skyworks has been a major, major supplier of switch for many years. I mean, we ship over 0.5 billion devices here, primarily out of Woburn. So we understand that business, but what's been great is, as you move into these multiband phones, you always need to be switching among bands, right? So you need to basically be communicating across bands, you need isolation, you need low insertion loss, and we've been masters of that for quite a while. The beauty now is that the throws are going up. The number of bands that we need to interact with are going up substantially. And our technology and our IP and our R&D team here is well-equipped to do that. We also have the unique advantage of working very closely with the RF amplifier team at Skyworks, so we can build solutions that work in concert. So with having said all that, we're seeing an opportunity now in some of these handsets where the ASM value could be over $1, in some cases $2 dollars, and we're starting to enjoy our first taste of those design wins in the second half of this year.
Liam K. Griffin: And some power management. And I think in some cases, Jay, we have some really customized multi-mode, multi-band engines in our apps, so we noted those as kind of marquee wins that reflected the customer but also some of the newer technology that we're releasing.
Liam K. Griffin: Right. And within HPA, you can expand that suite beyond mobile, so you can start looking at gaming opportunities. You can look at the wireless infrastructure space. And there's a lot of things now with our power management suite that we can expand. So you've got customer diversification across the major Tier 1, but there's also a whole another's opportunity base now with newer products coming in through acquisition and organic growth, and also newer verticals that we're penetrating.
