Kevin Moran: Good afternoon and welcome. Today, we will discuss Solventum’s second quarter fiscal 2024 results, along with an update to our 2024 outlook. Just after market closed today, a press release was issued with our earnings results and updated outlook. The press release and earnings presentation are available on the Investors section of the Solventum website. Joining me today are Bryan Hanson, our Chief Executive Officer; and Wayde McMillan, our Chief Financial Officer. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. For a full description of these risks and uncertainties, please refer to our SEC filings and the forward-looking statement slide at the beginning of the presentation. Please note that during our discussion today, all our comments will be on a non-GAAP basis unless they are specifically called out as GAAP. GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for all relevant periods can be found in the schedules attached to our press release. For the Q&A portion of the call, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And with that, I’ll hand the call over to Bryan.
Kevin Moran: Yes. So, right now, the last assumption we provided from a revenue perspective is 50 basis points of impact. We did not update that. So, it’s safe to assume that, that’s still our best guess.
Kevin Moran: Okay. It looks like there are no further questions. So, I will close it by just saying thank you so much for joining us on our first public call, and we look forward to engaging with many of you over the coming months. Thanks and have a great day.
Bryan Hanson: Hey, Travis, this is Bryan. Maybe I’ll start with some of your questions, particularly around just some of the confidence we have and what’s kind of pushing our guide. And then Wayde, I’ll pass if you, you get into more specifics there. So obviously, three components that Wayde talked about that are driving our guide and, really, our confidence. The first is just the business continuity is feeling pretty good right now, and we’re making great progress against our plan. That’s number one. Number two is Wayde referenced in his prepared remarks, it’s just the backorder recovery that we banked in Q2. And then the SKU clarity, and Wayde will talk more about that in a second, but we just have better clarity of the impact we’re going to see in 2024 versus 2025. That’s broad-based what we’re feeling right now, and that’s the reason for the guide change. I think importantly, though, just to maybe click down in the business continuity and progress against our plan. It doesn’t feel like a long time. It’s only been 4 months now, but those are pretty pivotal months in the separation. A lot can happen in those months. And for the most part, we delivered in pretty much every primary area during that time. And I think most importantly, business continuity. That’s where the biggest risk is. And every day that passes, Travis, we just feel better about reducing risk, retiring risk and then further executing on our turnaround strategy. I guess probably the simplest way to say it is a lot could have gone wrong and it didn’t, which is great. It doesn’t mean it’s going to be simple from here, but the momentum is positive, and that drives our confidence. But probably equally maybe even more important than that is we’re really moving fast in talent acquisition. And I think probably anybody would recognize that you don’t really want to put a strategy in if you don’t have the people in place that are accountable for the strategy. So the faster you can move to put people in place, particularly in L1 and L2 positions, it’s just critical to formulating the strategy, having ownership of the strategy and then eventually, that flawless execution of the strategy. So those are the things that we feel like are moving in the right direction, increasing our optimism. And hopefully, that’s reflected in our tone in the guide. So maybe with that way, we can give a little more color on the other components.
Bryan Hanson: Wayde, if you want to provide a little more color on the – some of the pressure points in ‘25. Obviously, Wayde talked about it in his prepared remarks, ‘25 has got some unique annualization of expenses that are going to put pressure on us. And you’re right, ‘25 is going to be a tough year for EPS. But we absolutely would expect that to begin to recover in ‘26. We’d be extremely disappointed if we didn’t start to head in the right direction in ‘26. So Wayde, I don’t know if you want to provide anything more in ‘25. I thought you provided a lot in your prepared remarks, but…
Bryan Hanson: Yes. I might just add to that, too. If you think about, really, four vectors, and I won’t go through all of these, but there are four vectors that you can accelerate growth with. And it’s no – there is no rocket science here. They are pretty basic. But for the things you got to do to drive it, one of the first things you can do, the fastest impact is just upgrading talent to drive better commercial rigor and just changing incentives to your – for your commercial organization to focus on growth. And those are the things we can do right now, right. We are bringing in great people. We have accelerated and promoted people that are very capable in the organization and brought people from the outside. That will have a dividend pretty quickly, because they will increase the rigor and accountability in the organization. So, that, we would expect to help us in the back half of ‘24 and certainly into ‘25.
Bryan Hanson: As you would imagine, as a public company, we don’t talk about any individual investor. That said, as a public company and humble people, we absolutely listen to our shareholders and appreciate the feedback, but probably no more to say about that. Next question please, operator.
Bryan Hanson: Absolutely. And good to hear from you. So, I would say – I will repeat a little bit of what I said and then maybe add some additional color. I see this as an opportunity for us in our strategic plan to very clearly articulate what markets and some markets we are going to care about, right, we are going to double down in. And those will be our faster-growth markets, as you can imagine. We are working through that and I would expect to pick those by the end of 2024. Once we do that, that begins the shift of resources, commercially, R&D, M&A when we get to that point. And that begins to drive traction and focus in those areas. That just takes time, but maybe I can double-click on the revenue growth accelerators. I referenced that there were really four of those. And it just – again, there is no secret sauce here. If you have ever run a business and you turn one around, you drove revenue acceleration, these are the things you have to do. It’s just a question of doing them and how much time they take. And so I will just kind of start with the first as I referenced, getting great people in place that know how to drive rigor in a commercial organization is paramount, and it’s the fastest way to drive revenue growth. Second fastest way is commercial structure changes, either specialization or just increasing reach in those important spaces that we are going to concentrate on. Third, as you would expect, would be increasing the productivity of R&D. We have to do less of these iterative approaches in R&D and more impactful, more meaningful launches inside of the high-growth areas. And then probably in parallel with that would be portfolio optimization. And I look at that in two ways. The first would be tuck-in acquisitions to give more scale in those fast-growth markets. And the other would be potentially exiting categories that are slow growth, right, those are the ways that you would get there. If I just think about the timing of those things, kind of going to your question, again, on the talent side, it’s right now. In the back half of ‘24 into ‘25, we should expect to see that benefit. Commercial structure changes just take a little longer because you got to know where you are going to do them, and then you got to actually hire people and change the structure. That’s more probably the latter part of ‘25. If I think about R&D productivity, once you start a project, probably best case when you start one is 2026, but likely beyond that, just depending on the product complexity, the regulatory requirements. And then portfolio optimization, really, at least on the acquisition side, depends on just deleveraging timing. And so when I think about the LRP, why these are important is because we are figuring out now the mix of these elements that we are going to need to accelerate growth where the major gaps are. And as we work through that mix, that will inform, not just our LRP, but the time to accelerate the revenue growth. So, hopefully, that gives a little more color versus what I have said in the past, but those are the elements to get us there.
Bryan Hanson: Yes, I am glad you asked that one, Vik. An approximate number to the $22 million for the rest of the year, yes. So, in other words, that’s a good estimate for the next couple of quarters this year.
Bryan Hanson: And the way we do that, Vik, is we just take the current rates approximately right now and apply that. So, we are expecting 50 basis points for the full year.
Bryan Hanson: Yes. Great question, David. Glad you asked it. The – so what I would tell you is our work is – we do feel like we are in the right position to start this project. And I think it might be – it might surprise you, actually, the primary reason for it. So, there is really two in my mind, but the one that comes to me is the most important is the restructuring is focused. We are calling it, again, Solventum Way. It’s focused on streamlining our structure so that we can complement the cultural shift that we are putting into place. We are going to change the culture of this company. We are going to look for speed. We are going to move faster. We are going to be autonomous. And we are going to drive accountability in the organization. You have to have the right structure to drive that culture shift. And I promise you, when we do it and we are doing it today, it will turn into growth. That drives growth in an organization. And as we know, growth drives the leverage in an organization in a really sustainable way. The second part of a program like that is what you would normally do in the business and Wayde and I have done it in the past, it’s to allow us the headroom to not only invest for growth, which we have to do, that’s a primary area of focus, but also drive margin expansion. So, we absolutely feel like that’s the right thing to do now for those reasons.
Wayde McMillan: Yes, sounds good. Happy to pick up on sort of how we’re thinking about guidance here and SKU project. As Bryan said, we’re really pleased to be in a position where we can raise our full year guidance after just our first stand-alone quarter here as a public company. So let me talk about the new range. Really built off the back of what we called out in the quarter here, in Q2, revenue was totally ahead of our expectations because of the backorder reduction that we got, and that was from an improvement in service levels. So positive signs, as Bryan said, for business continuity. So the new range then contemplates normalizing the second half for that – for the price benefit that we’ve been seeing and it continues to wane into the second half as well as a tougher comp for that back order recovery. When you normalize for those two things from the first half, the high end assumes we see improvement in the business. And then near the low end assumes a more consistent performance. So we feel real comfortable with the range here that we have for the second half. It’s early days, but we are pleased with the business and its performance to date through the first half of the year, really, with the second half to go. And just keeping a focus on that number one priority for us is our growth driver strategy. A little color down the P&L. If we think about gross margins, we mentioned in the prepared remarks, a couple of things that drove costs higher in the quarter, both the international costs and some unfavorable mix in MedSurg, really, around the margin on those backorder recovery products. And so lots to consider, puts and takes. It could be different next quarter. We are still expecting a step-up in cost from 3M and but that doesn’t necessarily mean a step up in gross margins because there are a lot of puts and takes. And so even with all that and the step up in cost, we are still comfortable with our 21% to 23% operating margin expectations for the full year of ‘24. And I should probably just touch quickly on OpEx, because that is also an important part of how we think about modeling here. We called out, in our prepared remarks, that we had a good amount of discrete items, not unexpected in a separation. It’s always a bit noisy with things that are coming out of the separation-related work. So we called out one in particular, a large expense that we took for stock-based comp and then a few other things that really were about $30 million in the quarter. So with that, we still anticipate the continued ramp for the investment to build out our stand-alone functions and to support our growth strategy through the second half of the year, but that will be often normalized Q2 without those discrete items. So all-in, feeling really good about the guide and happy to be raising both the high end and the low end at this time.
Wayde McMillan: Yes, I certainly can. I’ll have to say, we’re not guiding to ‘25 and ‘26 yet. There are certainly a lot of moving pieces as we’re in our first year post separation. We do have a lot going on to grow revenue and expand margins. And as Bryan said, resulting EPS growth over time. However, we do think it’s well understood that we’ll be pressured by the annualization of some of these costs post spin in 2025. So, just to list them, we have got the 3M supply markup that will annualize. We will be annualizing our stand-up functional expenses. And then below the line, we will be annualizing interest expense. And all of this is because we have got three quarters this year as a public company, and we will annualize our fourth quarter next year. And then I did mean to touch on the SKU project as well because this one is just great, great progress out of the gate, real nice start. We found that there was a lot of opportunity to take out a significant number of SKUs already in our first wave here. And the good news is they don’t impact revenue in a material way. There is a very small impact. We don’t expect them to impact margins or revenue in 2024. And the real benefit is it will help us simplify the supply chain. We will save a few million dollars on rebranding as well because we don’t have to rebrand these SKUs that had very low value to us. So, the team is continuing to work on the next wave, which we do anticipate will have more of an impact on 2025, but that work is still underway, and we don’t have an update there yet.
Wayde McMillan: Yes. Vik, happy to take that. We don’t break it down by segment. But what we can say is that the message that we put into the prepared remarks was the most important one. There is a good amount of risk as we separate the business and business continuity and we gained a lot of confidence. It would go from a long ways from having no quarters to having one quarter. As Bryan mentioned, it was a pivotal quarter for us. That’s where the confidence really grew. And so it’s really across the board that we are thinking that we are going to see some strength. Obviously, the backward recovery in MedSurg was a good size. I think Bryan called it banking it in the second quarter here, a good sized bump for us. And so with that, the business continuity and then also the SKU reduction program, we don’t think it’s going to have as much of an impact on ‘24. That would be just across the three segments with products, not including HIS.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. So, just to cover a little bit more, David, to your question on first half, second half outlook, I think I have touched on revenue, a good amount there, just highlighting that we had a couple of items in the first half that won’t repeat in the second half pricing, waning and then the back of recovery, which is opportunistic and we don’t anticipate seeing that in the second half at this point. And so that’s what gets us our revenue growth rate, and it’s a zero to 1% for the year. And so you can do the math on that for the second half. I do just want to highlight from our prepared remarks that there is a comp – significant comp issue between Q3 and Q4, so that’s important for revenue. You mentioned bridging the – and the exit rate around operating margins. The way we are thinking about this is Q2 had some headwinds in gross margins and operating margins for us. Those are offset with the favorability in revenue. And so that’s what gives us confidence to hold the 21% to 23% for the year. We are not going to comment on an exit rate at this point. We are not giving the quarterly guidance. Obviously, we have just got one quarter under our belt. And we have got long ways to go. We are just not going to get to that level of detail. But what we can tell you is we had gained a lot of confidence in the quarter, and we learned a lot about the business post separation. So, it’s building confidence and that’s what allowed us to raise both the top and the bottom line here before we – just after our first quarter. You mentioned cash as well. I would say probably the biggest things that we are managing here post separation is just all of the timing of the intercompany work that we are doing as well as standing up our capital expenditure processes. And so we do think we will be using more cash in the second half of the year to settle out some of those as well as ramping up our capital expenditure use in the second half.
Wayde McMillan: Sure. I will pick up on tax rate and then, Bryan, if you want to talk about some of our strategies, so that’s probably the right way to take it.
Wayde McMillan: Bryan, I think you covered that really well. I will just add, I think part of the question was around timing and just maybe to reflect back on the Investor Day in March, where we laid out our four key actions for value creation and we talked about driving efficiencies to fuel the investment that Bryan just covered, and so no change in strategy, just sharing more about our efforts as we go here. Revenue growth remains the top metric for sure. But as Bryan said, driving efficiencies will help us first fund additional growth initiatives as well as we look to expand gross margins over time.
Vik Chopra: Hey. Good afternoon and congrats on a nice quarter. A couple for me. So, by math, the revenue guidance raise as about $80 million to $150 million of dollar upside to 2024, maybe just help us understand what business segments are driving this? And then I had a follow-up, please.
Vik Chopra: Got it. Very helpful. And then just my follow-up question, can you just share some high-level feedback on your conversation with the activist and just provide an update as to how much of a stake they have actually amassed? Thank you.
Vik Chopra: Okay. So, build out $22 million roughly for Q3 and Q4. Got it. And then I don’t think I heard an updated FX assumption for the year. Can you help us out with that? Thank you.
