Scott Smith: Thank you, Robert, and good morning to everybody on the call. It's an incredibly exciting time to become Viatris' CEO. I watch closely November as the company laid out the next important steps in its well-crafted strategic plan, including its commitment to its future capital allocation priorities, which I totally support. Since then and particularly after joining the Board and seeing their incredible level of engagement, I've been extremely impressed by everyone that I've met during this process and have also been inspired by all that has been accomplished in such a short period of time. I strongly identify with Viatris' culture, which, when combined with the company's strategic forward-looking mindset, makes it a natural fit for me. Just as importantly, I'm also motivated by the company's strong financial profile and financial flexibility, which has one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector. I can see many additional opportunities and options for Viatris to accelerate its growth in the coming years. I believe that my franchise building, business development and recent biotech experiences, coupled with the great platform we have to work from can accelerate Viatris' momentum and help deliver on its full value and potential. I would like to thank Robert and the Board for this amazing opportunity and look forward to collaborating with Michael during this transition. I am very excited about the prospect of working with the Board, Rajiv Malik, Sanjeev Narula, and the entire management team on the execution ahead. And lastly, to the company's 37,000 employees, I am honored to have the opportunity to serve each of you and look forward to working with all of you in the near future as we continue to deliver on Viatris' mission to empower people worldwide to live healthier at every stage of life.
Scott Smith: Yes, I want to thank you for the question, Chris, and I want to be very, very clear, I fully support the strategy that's been laid out, including the capital allocation strategy. On the November 7 strategic reset, certainly caught my attention. And then being on the Board since late 2022, I've had a chance to really deeply understand the strategy and where it's going, and I fully support it. The strategy and the way it's laid out is part of what made this opportunity very attractive to me. And I'm here to work with the team to execute it, not to deviate from it.
Scott Smith: So Gary, thank you very much for the question. I think a very important part of the strategy is moving up the value chain as we move into part two and beyond. I think the eye care transactions that happened recently are a very good model for the way that we're going to want to do BD going forward. You mentioned the therapeutic areas of interest, obviously, through my branded experience with Otezla and others, I'm very familiar with the GI space and with, of course, the derm space. These are two areas that I think fit our strategy very, very well. But I will say, I think I want to a little bit opportunistic as well. If there are opportunities outside of these tidy eyes that fit our model going forward, we should be very open-minded to engage in those as well. So this, to me, is a very, very important and exciting part of the strategy, moving up the value chain, and I'm really excited to be leading that effort.
Robert Coury: First, I would not say that we're repositioning the company at all. I would say the news today is all about preparation, not change. I think -- as you look from day one, we laid out a two-phase process. Phase 1, which had to do all about integration, synergizing and really execution in bringing the two organizations together. We believe that Michael leading the Upjohn division at that time, Sanjeev's role at that time, we felt that those two leaders coming together with our leadership was the absolute right leadership for Phase 1. And it's really demonstrated and proved out to be actually the perfect right decision because the company has been stabilized, the organization has been integrated, our synergies are well on target, so this is -- and then, of course, in November 7, we -- the Board of Directors and management, we laid out a very clear strategy for Phase 2. So once you lay out that vision, once you understand what the strategy is, and then you put together an execution plan, the simple last step is who is the right leader with the right background to support that strategy going forward. So really, this is a very natural, authentic handoff from Michael to Scott, when you look at the both backgrounds but you should expect that this is not a repositioning or a change or a change in strategy. In fact, I think, Scott in his prepared remarks has said so. But Scott, let you say a few words about your view of this.
Robert Coury: Yes. And I guess the only thing I would add, Chris, we said the word at least $2.3 billion for 2024, taken into consideration everything that Sanjeev said. And so I believe even the onetime cost, I think we are extremely confident that we're going to be able to, hopefully -- again, we're not giving guidance. I don't want people to think we're giving guidance, but we thought that, that metric was very critical. So look, hopefully, we'll even be able to absorb even the one-time costs. I think the new piece of information that we telegraph today, even though we're not giving guidance for 2024 and the fact that we're showing growth now in 2023 top line over 2022, when you take out the biosimilars business, is the accelerated growth we see in top line from 2023 to 2024 now. And I do think in the last call, we were asked in terms of, again, I think maybe with Umer’s question, is it fair to say if we look at the EBITDA conversion for cash flow how you back into EBITDA, I think the range of the 4.6 to 5 was what my answer was on November 7, and that hasn't changed at all.
Robert Coury: No, no, thank you, Glenn, that was pretty powerful. First, let me try to go from the beginning. Let's say that if you could read my body language, but you can't listen to my voice. We don't need these divestitures to hit all of our Phase 1 targets. You heard from Sanjeev, we will be using operating cash flows, especially to meet our pay down of debt of at least $6.5 billion. So we don't -- as a starting point, when you don't need to do the divestitures, but you want to do them because of the longer-term strategy and how we thought about where we want to take the company going forward. That's probably your best starting position when it comes to divesting or [Indiscernible] like where you want to get a telegraph from a negotiation perspective, I think all the prospective the people that we saw on the other side of the table, the potential acquirers, I think that they know that, I think that they see that and I think at the end I'm very happy with where things are, especially in the OTC business, which I think is the more material one. And I do think that we have a very strong process. The process will happen naturally. We still feel very strong that we're going to announce at the very minimum, all three of these things within this calendar year. And once you lock down the announcements, it really doesn't matter when the proceeds come in. But to your last point, we do expect in terms of capital allocation to meet once again our priorities, as we stated over and over again. We will use all proceeds first to pay down debt to hit our target of 3.0 leverage ratio. That's what we promised at the rating agencies. That's what we intend on doing. And all excess cash will be used for other type of investments. We fully intend on meeting the 50% return of capital to shareholders, both in dividends and stock repurchases. And look, with our stock price where it's at and us not being fully recognized for the value we believe that we created, we look at stock buybacks as one of the best investments that the company can deploy today. So I would think more like that. And in terms of inorganic activity, I really believe that the Oyster Point framework is a framework that you guys ought to consider as we go forward with the other excess cash after the return of capital we intend on deploying into the business.
Robert Coury: So I think Balaji on due time, you will get confirmation from us about the trajectory and the patients and all that. But I think, it's going to be a very meaningful product from 2024, 2025 onwards for us. But I'll tell you more excited, I am is about the science behind it, the data we have seen, analyzed because perception is maybe it's a just a convenient place, not even if a conveniently – it's one injection against 12 injections, which is the current therapy, 40-milligram against 480. But more importantly, I think we have seen the insights – insights and the data that the statistical significance we are seeing in the standard disability score, the EDSS, which basically connects directly to the quality of life – that's where I think we're excitement is that we'll be able to build it in the label and that will drive that. So more – and more over that this platform, you should be tuning to see that this platform can be the platform which we may potentially use for many extendedly steeper form for 505(b) (2) opportunities like the Glatiramer Acetate. So, [indiscernible] provide.
Robert Coury: And a return of 40% greater than we did all of 2022. And you guys should expect that going forward. And remember, as we go into 2024, I believe the company will be well positioned to convert from a valuation from this EBITDA, especially as we pay down our debt and get it to the three times to really convert it over to an adjusted earnings per share strategy. I see tremendous growth as an adjusted earnings per share, because of our capital allocation commitment to the investment community of return at least 50% through the dividend and more importantly, the share buyback.
Robert Coury: Well, Umer, you can look at the glass half empty or you can look at the glass half full. So you're looking at it from that perspective, thank you for the question and the opportunity. Quite frankly, the glass is only half full and just half full and still filling. This is a very natural -- let's start with Ian Read, okay? You should probably know that Ian was on the Board and could not have gotten more support from Ian when it came to Scott Smith, okay? Ian was absolutely a part of the vote to bring them on. Ian actually, quite frankly, given his deep industry knowledge. Ian actually gave us quite a bit of strong advice and support for Scott. And I can tell you that he's fully supportive of Scott, understands the strategy. Ian brought a lot of value to us on that Board. And quite frankly, I'm sorry, he wanted to move on. He's got a lot of other things going on. But I think Ian hit departure was all again for all the right reasons. So, I'm very thankful for Ian, and I'm very thankful he was here to give the advice to us about Scott. Ian's obviously had a long history with Scott's former boss and having that insight was really invaluable to us from the Board. Let me just say this when you say about where we are in our business life cycle? Look, most companies make transitions when there's a problem. Most companies make transitions when something is going on in the company or there's an event. Why is it -- why should it be viewed any -- why should be viewed as the glass half empty versus half full when we were highly articulated about what we wanted to get done in Phase I, I articulated why Michael was absolutely the right one to bring the organizations together, given him and Sanjeev actually ran the Upjohn division, we're integration, managing that product portfolio. And now that we're here and looking forward, we laid out Phase II. And I think I've been crystal clear. And the vision that we laid out on November 7, I think the strategy behind the vision, the execution plan that we put in place, and now to try to find the best right leader. And if you look at Scott's background, his background, this is right in his sweet spot. The level of experience he brings, the builder that is, all the things that you've heard me say, I think that this is much more of a natural transgression and companies should not be viewed as making changes for -- because anything is negative. I think you can hear it in Michael's voice, I think, yes, I think that there should be nothing looked upon other than preparation. We are only months away from entering Phase II. I think Michael's transition with Scott and Scott's ability to get his feet on the ground as we get ready, these next few months before we enter our Phase II in 2024 and beyond is, honestly, it's a real advantage for any new leader coming in to have that runway before we hit 2024 in Phase II and beyond. There's really nothing more than that, Umer. And I'll be glad to answer any follow-up that you have on that as well.
Sanjeev Narula: Yes, yes. So sure. Chris, so nothing has changed from November 7. Chris, when we talked about that, including the fact that we provided an outlook of $2.3 billion on free cash flow for 2024. Chris, you've seen, we've demonstrated last two years a very strong cash flow generation in the company. The entire focus on that, and that's allowed us to meet our Phase 1 commitment thus far. And that momentum will continue from that. So what's included in $2.3 billion are essentially a couple of things. First is, we've considered all the divested business out of that number from $2.3 billion. What it does not include any divestment, cost and any taxes on the divestment proceeds, which will actually be funded out of for the proceeds. So that's the number. That takes into account all the divestment, and we feel very confident about where we are. The guidance that we've given today, Chris, has a line of sight to all the moving pieces, and we remain very confident about $2.3 billion outlook in 2024.
Sanjeev Narula: And Balaji, regarding the point about the investment, we saw that in the bridge that we provided on the IT division, SG&A investment, that's a function of investment in our field force, investment in the marketing program and the investment in direct to consumer that we'll be implementing later in this year.
Sanjeev Narula: On the Copaxone, you can pick up the IMS data where we have about 51% market share. We have slowly built it over the last three to four years. Today, we have about more than what Tyrvaya had in that market, and it's been a meaningful product for several years. And Copaxone once a month will be a very meaningful product as we launch this product later second half of 2024 and beyond that. And $500 million, as I always said, we never built it on sort of this pipeline of $500 million. It's not on one product. So there's a tailing effect of lenalidomide in this, of course, but then there is a product like Symbicort, which we have been very publicly telling you where we are and that's a risk-adjusted basis. We are looking forward to launch these products in 2023. So there are many more products like that. But yes, if you ask me to call out, those are two examples.
Rajiv Malik: Let me talk about China and the Lipitor and Norvasc. So even if we analyze these products and many other brands is that one of the reasons behind the stability is the effective management of these established brands. So we've seen the Lipitor, Norvasc and Xanax, whether it's in emerging markets or in Europe, steadying up and having even 1%, 2% growth over there. But China is, I would say, our business continues to perform solid. Despite COVID lockdowns, you see the strength in the business. And we have a great team and commercial infrastructure in China, which has very well understood the nuances as well as the rationale behind this policy framework where we are completely, as I said, agree with the China government's initiative to expand the sales. But I think the business has evolved into two segments, public reimbursement channel and private pay channels. And we have adopted our business so that we can capture the patient from the -- when it moves from the public reimbursement channel to the private pay channel. And just from the modeling perspective, yes, we have modeled a flattish small decline, but the business is hitting on all cylinders.
Rajiv Malik: And if I can just add, just to highlight, Blepharitis, Presbyopia and Reversal of Mydriasis, these are some unmet need or there is no prescribed established therapy. So that's why these products fit in very nicely over there.
Rajiv Malik: Yeah, let me first answer your 2022 question. And it was not underperforming of the approved asset. It was more from some delay. And if you recall, Elliot, 2022 included a couple of biosimilars where we were getting -- waiting for the first approval of Aspart, biosimilar to Aspart and biosimilar to Avastin. And that didn't happen because of the issues with the Biocon facility. So that was primary reason behind that miss. But going into 2023, as we have always said to you, we're not dependent upon one product over here. Every product is risk-adjusted, products like Symbicort and we still have the tailing effect of the products like lenalidomide this year. But yes, iron sucrose, it is a complex product you will appreciate. And when you are trying to bring a first to the market, there can be sometimes more iterations. But we are at a point with a science where we see it happening. And all those factors have been considered to build this 2023 number. And I feel very confident at the beginning of the year that this number, as I said, put out 98% of these products are either approved or already launched or a couple of products are pending approval, that's where the iron sucrose comes in.
Rajiv Malik: Yeah. First of all, overall, from a stability point of view, I very clear when speaking, this is sustainable stability, and we see, in fact, accelerating the top line growth. We are not giving guidance, but we are projecting that this stability enhanced ability will lead to that. Coming directly to North America, there are no major -- no LOEs for North America. And why I say, for us, the market and performance were the LOEs for the North American business. We don't see any major alloys. And from 2024 onwards, your expectation is right. You should be seeing North America coming back to the growth and all the basic erosion being offset by the new launches of North America.
Rajiv Malik: Yeah. We talked about extensively about three buckets of billion-dollar franchises. One was the eye care -- sorry, one was eye care, of course, which is the latest one. But then complex injectables, and the third was the complex products. And given complex injectables, almost already 10 products are already under review with FDA with seven first market position secured over there and many more, like I said, three to four products are category into the filing in 2023. And we have about 33 products in the pipeline. Now they're all -- you can follow Effexor like model, but then we go to the complex 505(b)(2) whether it's Botox, whether it's Xulane Low Dose, GA and we didn't discontinue meloxicam. Meloxicam, in fact, is advancing very nicely. We just concluded Phase IIb. We have end of the Phase II study with the meeting with FDA scheduled in the next few weeks, in fact, a couple of months. And that product will be heading into the clinical phase -- Phase III clinical studies later this year. So there's a lot going on in that bucket because both Botox, Xulane Low Dose, Effexor, meloxicam enter Phase III later this year.
Rajiv Malik: And also, let's not underestimate the pipeline, which is markets like China, Japan and Europe separately because to offset their basic erosion. That pipeline never existed. That pipeline has been created. So that pipeline will be also coming into the play.
Michael Goettler: And then I'll touch base on the eye care portfolio and pipeline. I think what's important here is these numbers that we've shared are really risk adjusted. And when you look at the entire portfolio, we see that of that $1 billion target, about 60% will come globally from dry eye disease assets, about two-thirds of those from the US and about one-third of those from the rest of the world. Approximately 20% will come from Blepharitis globally and approximately 20% will come from all other assets in the pipeline. But as you can see, we have a robust pipeline with a number of different indications with significant unmet need.
Michael Goettler: Yes. And David, I would just say when you look at the franchises and you look at their makeup and the word complexity should also telegraph how much competition we anticipate at market formation and also the type of pricing that we anticipate as well.
Michael Goettler: And so when we talk about the eye care franchise and dry eye, in particular, I think one of the things that's really important to appreciate what the pipeline is Tyrvaya really has a very unique mechanism of action. It's the only product out there that stimulates the production of natural tear film. When you think about dry eye disease, it's a multifactorial disease. So we won't stop understanding how to treat this disease just because we're launched Tyrvaya and we're selling Tyrvaya. There may be other mechanisms that can be added in there. And that's the nice part about Tyrvaya’s. It really is a product that stands by itself and is able to be used with any other dry eye product that's out there in the market. The other thing that I think is really important is we haven't really scratched the surface outside of the US, and that's really important market to go into and with the power of Viatris and all the supply chain and the ability to grow outside the US, I think that's something that we look forward to as well. Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Umer Raffat with Evercore ISI. 
Michael Goettler: Okay. Thank you, operator, and I guess last time I get to get the closing remarks in this forum. But I want to thank everybody for the good questions and the interest in the company. We obviously, I think as you heard from the tone of our voice and from what we presented, as a company, are in a position of strength. We're looking back at eight quarters of consecutive strong execution. We're looking forward, and we're confident in Phase 2. And I think you can see that already in the guidance that we gave for 2023, starting with revenue growth and the confidence that we have. And finally, you also heard from Scott, the continued commitment to the capital allocation commitments that we made. So with that, I think we're closing the call. Thank you very much.
