Heather Bresch: Thank you, Kris, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our third quarter came in a bit stronger than anticipated, continuing to demonstrate the great strength and diversity of our global platform. We delivered adjusted diluted EPS of $0.82. We're very pleased with our performance and that we were able to maintain consistent constant currency year-over-year revenues during the quarter. I'd also note that we've delivered 2% constant currency growth for the first 9 months of the year. This is a direct reflection of the stability of our core business and strong momentum and ability to leverage our diverse platform. This strong year-over-year performance was all the more impressive given that 2012 was an unprecedented year for the industry and for Mylan in terms of new product launches, including several significant first-to-file or first-to-market opportunities. Our new product launches generated revenues of almost $1 billion last year, of which nearly 85% came from our North America Generics business alone. We also have been impacted in 2013 by some delays in regulatory approvals from the FDA. In light of coming off a very strong year, every one of our businesses grew except for North America, which performed in line with our expectations. Its year-over-year third quarter revenue declined 14%. In Europe, we grew 6% year-over-year as we continue to see the benefits of a vertically integrated platform and continued momentum around governmental efforts to increase generic utilization. Further, as we announced a few weeks ago, we believe the addition of Jacek Glinka as our European President will bring deep experience in this marketplace and will help accelerate our expansion in the region, particularly in Central and Eastern Europe and the CIS. Our APAC region delivered year-over-year growth of 13% this quarter. This was driven primarily by our ARV franchise and our Japan operations. Our collaboration with Pfizer continues to exceed our expectations, both in terms of market share and new product launches, and we look forward to continued success there as the government targets to achieve generic utilization of 60% by 2017. Specialty had a phenomenal quarter, as the top line grew more than 18% compared to last year. This was driven by EpiPen, which remains the world's #1 dispensed epinephrine auto-injector in a market that has had significant expansion with a lot of runway left. I'd also note that Specialty saw double-digit growth in performance and Altiva[ph]. We continue to expect total revenue growth of 20% or more from this segment in 2013. Despite delays in certainty launches, including Lidoderm, we fully expect 2013 to be right in line with our guidance. To this point, we are narrowing our full year EPS range to $2.80 to $2.90. We look forward to a strong finish to 2013 and to completing our pending acquisition of Agila this year. This performance is to the credit of our employees around the world, and I'd like to take the opportunity on behalf of Mylan's Board and Management team to extend my sincere appreciation for their continued dedication to our cause. Looking forward, we remain confident in the 2014 targets that we provided to you on Investor Day. This is in light of the fact that we have risk-adjusted for the launch of generic Lidoderm in the first quarter of 2014, the near-term actions that need to be taken with Agila and the exciting opportunity to launch our AB-rated Copaxone at market formation. Finally, a quick update on a couple of our other long-term growth drivers. With respect to our respiratory program, the guidelines issued by the FDA in September regarding generic Advair were right in line with our expectations. We believe this further validates that our program, which has been underway for years, is right on track, and we continue to believe we'll be the first AB-rated substitutable generic in the market. With respect to our biologics program, we look forward to launching our first product, generic Herceptin, in India. The product has been filed for regulatory approval and is expeditiously moving through the process. The rest of our biologics program, which we outlined in August, remains on track. With that, I'd like to turn the call over now to Rajiv.
Heather Bresch: Okay. Thanks, Chris. Maybe I'll touch on Agila and then if Rajiv wants to add any more color on it. I think as we spoke about at our Investor Day, I think there's a bucket of issues and problems. And certainly, anything and everything that we have found with Agila falls in that issue category, that we've been working very close with them on, getting our arms around it. And look, nothing takes away from the strategic opportunity and growth that we see Agila adding over the longer term. And I think, as I mentioned in my opening remarks and wanting to stress the point that we have risk-adjusted that for 2014. So like I said, we see the growth opportunity extremely meaningful and think that we absolutely have our arms around in understanding the issues that will need to be fixed over 2014.
Heather Bresch: And as far as your question on timing with the FDA, here's what I'd say. As GDUFA has -- they're beginning to implement GDUFA. As with any significant new piece of legislation and law, we're going through a transition period right now with the FDA. I think when you look at the Office of Generic Drugs now becoming a super office and having the same standing as the Office of New Drugs with the agency, what they're doing to hire and bring on staff to meet the commitment to get ANDA approval times from today 34-month average down to 10, there's obviously -- that doesn't happen overnight. So I think in the -- as you look at some of the particulars that are changing, for instance, wanting to get a complete response versus getting commentary back and forth during your ANDA application, moving towards the 1 cycle review, we have been working very closely, obviously, as; one, the author of the legislation, but to now the interpretation and how that log is executed obviously with the FDA. We've been working very closely with the agency. And I think the only thing I was trying to reference or underscore is yes, we have seen some delays as those transitions happen, but they're just timing issues. So -- which is why, again, we risk-adjusted some of the products such as the Lidoderm from 2013 to 2014, but absolutely have confidence in our overall approvals of these products.
Heather Bresch: And as far as Lidoderm, look, I would say that while there is still a potential to get Lidoderm this year, we just believe from what we can see and the visibility we have and the back and forth that we've had tracking our application through the FDA process, which is why we risk-adjusted end of Q1 of '14. But like I said, I'd still say there's a potential. But from a financial perspective, we have pushed it into 2014. But there’s -- we don't -- there's no issues around application. Again, this just falls in the bucket of timing.
Heather Bresch: Okay, thank you. So I guess let me start here, we have continued to state and certainly believe and continue to obviously have a lot of dialogue with the FDA on this very important product that we absolutely will have an AB-rated substitutable Copaxone. With that being said, if you'll remember on Investor Day, I pointed out that we've been conservative on what we consider to be -- not look like a typical generic from a utilization perspective right out of the gate. I do think it will be a little bit of a slower build because, as you know, there's a lot of package and services that are around this product from a Specialty pharmacy perspective and an ongoing maintenance with the patient. So I think that we've been very responsible about how we've looked at this marketplace, and I think that it's something that certainly -- a product like this, the value is not just in 180 days. This will be -- this is a very meaningful product, and it will have meaningful contribution to us over the years.
Heather Bresch: I'm sorry, just going to say from a capacity perspective, we absolutely feel that we have plenty to fulfill the market needs around this product. Thank you.
Heather Bresch: Sure. As far as product launches go, we have been saying now, I think, for multiple quarters and years that it's just the sheer volume of the launches that we continue to see globally, that's a real driver to that. Obviously, in the United States, as you pointed out, 2012 was a very meaningful year as far as new product launches. So with that being said, the diversity around our true global platform and the voluminous amount of launches globally is what allowed us to produce the results we have this year, and we see that continuing. So we've gotten to the point, it's not about any one product, it's really about our portfolio of products and those launches. And new launches will continue to be a significant driver for us around the globe for years to come. As far as EpiPen goes, we had a phenomenal quarter. I couldn't be happier with the results that EpiPen continues to produce, and the return on our investment of education and awareness and direct-to-consumer advertising has very much paid off. And as I said, we see a lot of runway room left. There's still a fairly small number of at-risk patients for anaphylaxis carrying an EpiPen, and we believe that our message is being heard. And as far as the competition landscape goes, as we've said all along, that shared voice in a market like this that shows this much reaction to education and awareness is beneficial, obviously, for the patient. And we believe we'll continue to get our very much disproportionate share around this marketplace, again, for years to come. And I think as far as pricing, our formulary position, we are the #1 in formulary position with all the major formularies and don't see any of that changing next year.
Heather Bresch: So I'll start with your question. Look, what we see in Europe is actually what we anticipated. And as I think I called out in the Investor Day, the convention in France, which was driving higher generic utilization, we had said would not be -- should not be considered a run rate. There was going to be definitely a jump start as they started that at the beginning of the year, and we see that now kind of leveling off. So we absolutely still see growth continuing for the rest of this year, as well as next year. We haven't yet given guidance, and we'll be doing that obviously at our year end and when we give our 2014 guidance, specifically on growth rates. But we absolutely see the growth continuing and our momentum around generic utilization there continuing.
Heather Bresch: On a litigation -- I'm sorry, the litigation part. Here's what I'd say. Obviously, we think that the legal issues have played themselves out in the United States. I think we've been well on record talking about how confident we are in our formulation at being AB-rated and the ongoing dialogue we're having with FDA in a very positive sense and very much expect to be at the market at patent expiration. So that's all I'd have to say really on the Copaxone front. We feel very positive and confident about our application and where we stand both legally and with the FDA.
Heather Bresch: I'm sorry, [indiscernible] about acquisition, just quickly on that. Look, I think how we're using our capital, whether it's by share buyback, we see great opportunity. Obviously, we feel like there's not a better opportunity at the moment, quite frankly, than in our in-stock given the long-term opportunities that we have in front of us. And as far as the acquisitions go, I think we've said, we'll continue to look at everything as long as it's complementary and a strategic fit and within the parameters that we've laid out again on Investor Day. So we continue to look at everything that's out there that would be a complement to our current footprint.
Heather Bresch: So as I mentioned, yes, we risk-adjusted it, but are very confident in the approval. This was definitely much more around timing and some of the things that I pointed out with the FDA. So we absolutely are confident in our product and the approval, and I look forward to -- I think it's going to be, again, another one of those high-barrier-to-entry products that will be -- bring a lot of value over the years, not just in the first 180 days. So thank you very much, and we look forward to talking with you guys soon.
Rajiv Malik: Thank you, Heather, and good morning, everyone. I would like to take a few minutes to update you on the status of our pending acquisition of Agila injectable business, as well as our generic Advair and generic Copaxone programs. As you know, Strides announced that one of Agila's 8 manufacturing facilities have received a warning letter from FDA. First, let me reiterate that even with this development, we continue to expect to close the Agila acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2013 and are in final stages of completing this transaction. We are fully aware of this issue placed in the warning letter, the actions taken by Agila in response and the very detailed communications and interactions between Agila and the FDA. Based on all of this information, I think it's important to note that the warning letter has changed nothing with respect to the solid rationale we have for the transaction. We see no impact on its contributions to Mylan's long-term financial assumptions and targets. As we said when we announced this transaction in February, now more than ever, leadership is needed in this very important space, and we see an opportunity to truly distinguish Mylan as a high-quality injectables manufacturer. We see the FDA's observation with respect to Agila as a part of agency's commitment to step up its activities and standards around the globe as a result of PDUFA, rather than a particular reflection on Agila assets. We fully applaud the agency, as we have the highest respect for FDA, its mission and processes. Agila, like any other Mylan facility, will be held to Mylan's one global quality standard post closing. We remain very excited about what we will be able to do with the Agila assets as part of Mylan's platform, and we look forward to updating you again on this transaction upon closing. Now let me provide a bit more color on our generic Advair program. Recent developments and the competitor commentary further supports our optimism that we will be the first into this market in 2016. As Heather noted, the guidelines issued by FDA on September 9 regarding generic Advair were right in line with the expectations. We outlined for you during our Investor Day in August, reinforcing our belief that our program is very much on the track. Since our Investor Day and after issuance of this guidance, we had another follow-up meeting with the FDA to further discuss the development program. And we believe we have a definite path forward, and we continue to believe that we have a clear head start. We also agree with the recent comments from GSK that in addition to the finance-related hurdles, there are also significant manufacturing-related barriers and we believe we are best positioned in this area. With regards to our generic version of Copaxone. As we shared on our Investor Day, we continue to work towards launch preparedness of this very important product. With IP hurdles largely behind us, we have already produced the requisite quantity of API from an FDA-approved facility and are now in the process of building up our finished product launch quantities. Also, we are actively working with the FDA to launch this product on the day of market formation. Now let me turn the call over to John for more detail on our financials.
Rajiv Malik: And Chris, yes, we are aware of the issues raised by agency in the warning letter. We are also very close to Agila's response. Agila is in very close interaction, positive engagement with the FDA. And as nothing can be said about the duration, but this is not something like the Antares [indiscernible] facility. These issues are very manageable and will be placed in a much shorter time as compared to the other warning letters we got out there.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. On Advair, I think we have done several product studies to date and got very different inputs. And we are now about to kickstart our -- just kick started with our [indiscernible] study.
Rajiv Malik: I can get started with the second one on Advair. And Actavis and Teva will comment upon the program what they know about this, and we will be talking based on our interaction and active engagement with FDA. So the time line is what time line is, in this case, it's the only thing that the FDA is transitioning into GDUFA. FDA is very actively engaged upfront rather than after submission of the package and the submission of the signs, and that's why FDA is actually engaged because they know the complexity of the product, the complexity of the sign and the ownership there is going to help regarding GDUFA time lines. So we feel very confident of our projected time lines of filing in 2015 and approval of the product in 2015. As for Agila, again, as I mentioned, we have been very close to the issues, which have been raised, how are they being addressed, how positively Agila has responded and with all communications with the FDA, and we believe the possibility of the import ban is very unlikely. And taking all this into consideration, risk adjusting various scenarios, we are marching towards the closure of this deal in the fourth quarter.
Rajiv Malik: First of all, Agila has 5 facilities in India, which have been FDA approved, and all 5 have gone through FDA inspection over the last few months. And while one of these facility we received a warning letter for, the other one, they received no -- 0 483, 1 483 and there's one with 4 483s. So it's not a systemic issue. The fact, within the same campus, they have their own quality facility with the 0 483 will tell you it's not a systemic issue. It's an issue, which is contained to this facility and is being addressed, very comprehensive and in a strategic way. So it will -- first of all, safeguard and shorten the quality issues related with the product and provide a long-term sustainable quality infrastructure and structure around those all other facilities across the globe.
Rajiv Malik: And just a reminder that in my comments, I did indicate that we continued to see double-digit growth for EMEA for 2013.
Rajiv Malik: And regarding Copaxone, I think as far as our application in FDA has been concerned, their clinical trials have never been on the table. We have been engaged with the FDA for over the last 4 years now, various interactions, strict analysis, lots of phase meetings. And FDA is using several other tools available to sign to prove that it's working. Clinical trial has never been a subject matter of discussion.
Rajiv Malik: So on -- first, on Agila, as I said, these issues are manageable. They are nowhere close to another set of warning letters, which involved having engagement of FDA for the long time. We see these issues getting closed rather quickly and sooner than taking that sort of user time, which it takes to close a warning letter. Second, we have -- as we mentioned, that we have taken various scenario and risk-adjusted various aspects, and we'll be able to share with you all these details once we close this transaction, or soon after the close of the transaction. On using the Advair platform, absolutely. As we mentioned that Seretide, which was not an Advair product, but another, let's say, MDA product, and also we have now already in the pipeline some more products. And I think once we reach a stage that we are in a position to share with you, we'll be very excited to share with you the pipeline.
Rajiv Malik: No, and I think, as we've said, we are absolutely on track from the time line perspective for filing in the first half of 2015.
John D. Sheehan: Yes, I guess, Greg, what I would say is that -- and I had said in other public forums is that we will absolutely provide our customers with price in exchange for volume and that, that creates a win-win for both parties, absolute increase in profitability for Mylan and cost savings for the customer. And it creates, quite honestly, stability, stability in terms of volumes for Mylan and stability for the customer. And I wouldn't expect that you will see any material impact on our gross margins as a result of that. In terms of the -- your follow-up question on the share repurchase program, we haven't set a particular timeframe out for when the share repurchase program would be executed by -- the board has authorized the company to execute that as it deems appropriate.
John D. Sheehan: Right. We -- I said that we would provide detailed guidance with respect to 2014 in our fourth quarter earnings call, David. And I think there are lots of positives and negatives that happen every day and so whether it be risk adjustment on product launches or share repurchase at all. And so I think that we'll provide detailed guidance. But just to reiterate, again, we are very confident in the 12% top line, 19% bottom line guidance that we -- sorry, targets that we provided previously.
John D. Sheehan: So operator and for everybody on the call, we've got this busy day today in terms of earnings announcements, and it's 11:00. So we'll take one more call -- question and then let folks go on to the next call that's been scheduled publicly.
