Anthony Mauro: Thank you so much, Heather, and good afternoon, everyone. As mentioned earlier, Mylan had a phenomenal year with constant currency adjusted total revenues rising 28% compared to 2014, coming from 9% growth in our legacy business and 19% from EPD. All of our regions and businesses contributed to the strong performance.  In our North America generic segments, revenues totaled nearly $4 billion, a 16% increase compared to 2014. Growth came mainly from sales of new products, and to a lesser extent, from the EPD Business. Also contributing were higher volumes on existing products, partially offset by lower pricing.  In Europe, sales totaled $2.2 billion in 2015, a year-over-year constant currency increase of 67%. Growth came primarily from sales generated by EPD, and to a lesser extent, from new products. Higher volumes on existing products mainly in France and Italy were offset by lower pricing throughout the region.  In the Rest of World, sales totaled $2 billion, a year-over-year increase of 38% constant currency. The growth came from EPD, new product launches in Australia and Japan and higher volumes in India, predominantly of ARVs, and in Brazil. Increases were offset somewhat by lower volumes on existing products in Japan and lower pricing in the region.  Our specialty business delivered revenues of $1.2 billion in 2015, an increase of 1% compared to 2014. In addition to the strong performance of EpiPen, as Heather referenced, sales of Perforomist and Ultiva increased by double-digit percentage points from the prior year.  I would also like to note that our EPD Business grew 2% year-over-year, demonstrating again our ability to take a declining business and drive growth ahead of our expectations.  With that, I'll turn the call over to John. 
Anthony Mauro: Thanks, Rajiv. I, too, would like to express enthusiasm for welcoming Meda's team to our organization and working alongside them to deliver better health for a better world. As you have seen, this combination creates an even stronger commercial platform around the world.  On the next slide, you can see how Meda adds considerable strength and scale to already robust business in Europe. The combined company generated about $3.8 billion in 2015 revenues from Europe, about 60% more than Mylan would have had on a stand-alone basis. As you know, scale is very important in this region giving the highly competitive market dynamics.  On the chart on the right, you can see that we have increased scale across each of our key European countries with significant enhancements to our businesses in Germany, the Nordics, Italy and France, among others. Meda's business complements and builds on the strengths of our EPD asset to create a deeper, stronger and more diversified platform across Europe that can further maximize market opportunities and weather challenges. Meda also provides us with a strong and durable OTC business in Europe, which makes us a leader across all channels.  I also note that the transaction consolidates EpiPen for us in Europe. Meda has been marketing this key product for us in the region for several years, and we believe that bringing this product into our combined commercial infrastructure, with a greater ability to leverage our global expertise in this area, will allow us to drive greater performance from this product.  On the next slide, you will get a sense of how this transaction will dramatically accelerate Mylan's growth in emerging markets by creating a diversified scale business of $1.5 billion in 2015 pro forma revenues. The 16 new countries we're adding to this transaction are in the emerging market area, with Meda providing us entry into exciting new markets such as China, Russia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, Turkey and Mexico.  China has long been an area of interest for us, but we have been very deliberate about how we get into this market. We are pleased that Meda has a strong history in China, having established its business there in 1994 and that it has operated the business as an owned affiliate since 2011.  Importantly, Meda has a direct sales presence in many of these key markets, not relying on a contract sales organization in these important countries. For instance, Meda has reps on the ground in China, Russia and Turkey, among other countries. Meda also has done a great job establishing strong brands in these markets. Some of the key ones are listed here, and we look forward to leveraging our combined portfolio across the region.  We see longer-term opportunities to bring Mylan's differentiated portfolio into these new markets, especially in infectious disease, biologics, insulins and women's health. While our presence in many of these markets is still small, it provides an exciting foothold and opportunity to build upon.  On the next slide, we come back to our core mission of providing access to 7 billion people. This combination means we will be better able to serve the evolving needs of our customers across all channels by being able to offer them a greater diversity of products and by selling One Mylan around the world. We have already seen the value of our One Mylan approach with EPD and our existing specialty and generic businesses in terms of being able to leverage our powerful platform to bring more value to our customers through a broader range of products and services and total patient and pharmacy solutions.  Further, by working together across all our channels, we have been able to leverage commercial best practices in customer relationships to deliver more. Now, John will walk you through the deal structure and resulting financial profile of Mylan. 
Anthony Mauro: Yes. And I guess, Ronny, I'd also point out, I'm sure you appreciate that Mylan cannot go out and borrow $10 billion, maintaining its investment-grade credit rating and doing share repurchase program. The $10 billion also comes with all of the EBITDA and earnings that Meda has. So I'm not sure necessarily that there's an apples-to-apples of $10 billion acquisition versus $10 billion of share repurchase. That's not realistic. 
Anthony Mauro: And as it relates, Greg, to your question around pricing, we believe that our U.S. generic base business will continue to be stable for 2016. I think John had articulated low to mid-single-digit range, and that we feel very good about our Generics business and the stability of it moving forward. 
Anthony Mauro: I think that your other question, David, with respect to 2017, as we've previously indicated, we expect to receive approval for being able to launch generic Advair in 2017. And with all other products, we consider the risk weighting of that product when providing our guidance. So yes, we do expect to launch the product in 2017. And yes, it is on a risk-weighted basis included in the guidance -- or target. Sorry, I don't want to use the word guidance. 
Anthony Mauro: And then I think just to add, certainly, in 2014 and '15, the market was relatively flat from a base business perspective. There were moments of opportunity and certainly, at the same time, moments of deflationary activity. This happens every day in our business. So like I said earlier, I feel very good about where our business is at. I feel it's very stable from an erosive perspective, and that's about it. 
Heather Bresch: Thank you, John. Well, as promised, we delivered a lot of great news today. And as our track record suggests, we have been consistent in our philosophy of making acquisitions based on the belief that we can do more together than they could do on a stand-alone basis. Meda is no different. And we believe we can do more with this asset than they could alone, and we see significant opportunities for accelerated growth. Further, by successfully executing on our vision and strategy for the past decade, we have delivered exceptional results for our shareholders with an earnings CAGR of 26% through 2016. Again, with this Meda transaction, we have the opportunity to accelerate our 2018 earnings target of $6 and adjusted diluted EPS to 2017. I now look forward for taking your questions. Thank you. 
Heather Bresch: And I think just lastly, it's important to note that it's not the trading multiple right now. If I go back to what's happening in the environment, it's the deal transaction multiples, which I think even in times where there's a lot of volatility in the marketplace, you don't really historically see those change to the transaction multiples or translate into transaction multiples. 
Heather Bresch: Sure. Thank you, Jami. So look, let me start with the $6 being -- the opportunity to accelerate the $6 into 2017 versus 2018. That, by no means, that's just the beginning of what the Meda-Mylan combination will bear. I think importantly, not only does it accelerate near-term accretion and shareholder value. But over the longer term, I think, as we've said, the strategic rationale speaks for itself. The complementary nature of the product portfolio. We'll now have over 2,000 products across multiple geographies, expansion into emerging markets that let us more leverage our portfolio. When you look over the next 10 years to our biologics, insulin, I mean, the opportunities to truly maximize these launches in these territories with this infrastructure is just, in our opinion, going to be unparalleled. I think that Mylan will be positioned as a truly diversified global generics and specialty pharmaceutical company that's able to deliver through our unprecedented global supply chain to be able now to apply that and, in addition, to now have the kind of commercial infrastructure and operational infrastructure that will allow us to continue to add on whether it's other dosage forms. We've talked about everything from derms to ophthalmic to new therapeutic categories. So honestly, we just see the $6 in 2017 as the beginning to continuing the growth trajectory that our shareholders have enjoyed over the last 10 years. And certainly, as we close the transaction and we move forward, we'll be giving continued guidance and updating the longer-term trajectory. But I can assure you that it will continue -- this platform will continue to deliver as it has in the past. As far as EpiPen, Jami, I think that I tried throughout 2015, especially the beginning of the year, to point out that Mylan has been very proactive in maintaining our market share in a very competitive, multi-epinephrine marketplace. And that involved entering contracts with our payers, long-term, multiyear contracts. And I think then when the unprecedented event of Auvi-Q having to do a complete product recall, while we absolutely enjoyed volume increases and we see obviously that continuing through 2016, what I pointed out is the net price from the payer was mainly what it had been throughout 2015. And we don't see that materially changing. I mean, I think it's important to remember that we're dealing with a whole portfolio of products with these payers, that it's not about any one product. And while we will continue to be opportunistic, I think that -- as I've said, EpiPen, a very important brand for us and brand franchise going forward but it more and more represents -- is a much smaller part of Mylan. And certainly now, with the Mylan-Meda combination, again, the diversification is taking away from any concentration from any one product. 
Heather Bresch: Okay. Well, Ronny, you certainly maximized one question. So let me start with the overall -- again, coming back to Mylan and our philosophy on uses of capital. I think we've been very clear that we are opportunistic. I think the board is constantly looking at buybacks and everything else in the marketplace. So with that being said, we've also very much focused on growing top line as well as bottom line and striking that right balance. So I think when you think over the longer term and the value to shareholders, there's much more value in continuing to build a sustainable platform that's going to deliver out into perpetuity versus the short-term-centric viewpoint of just looking at share buybacks in isolation from any kind of M&A or BD activity. 
Heather Bresch: And as far as M&A is concerned, we absolutely, as I mentioned, still looking at assets out there that would now just even be that much more complementary with the global infrastructure we have. And as I mentioned, whether it's dosage forms around dermatology or ophthalmic and also therapeutic categories that we still believe we have great opportunities to build out critical mass now across all these channels, Rx, Gx and OTC. 
Heather Bresch: Okay. Sure, David. So I guess, let me start with EpiPen. Price volume was no different in Q4 from other quarters of the year. So I'm not quite sure what you're referencing there. As far as the contracts that I mentioned, look, we were -- as I mentioned in 2015, the aggressiveness came from the current multi-epinephrine market and the players that were in there, including Auvi-Q and Sanofi. So like I said, we were maintaining market share. And I think where a bit of a disconnect came is that people believed that once Auvi-Q was recalled, that the world would go back to pre-there never have been an Auvi-Q in the market. And it was a very unprecedented event that I don't know that really has ever happened before. And so I think, as we look forward, as we said, we're managing a whole portfolio of products with these payers. The contracts are all different in nature. And so certainly, we're not going to comment on any individual contract. I'm just trying to give some flavor to and feeling that EpiPen is an extremely important brand franchise. We think it has great brand equity and it will be an important franchise for us for years to come. It just more and more represents a much less portion of Mylan's overall business and especially on now a combined Mylan and Meda front. 
Heather Bresch: Okay, Doug. So let me start with the consolidator. You're absolutely right, we have said that we will continue to be a consolidator in the industry. And look, I think that you should consider us continuing to diversify. I think, as we've said, OTC was an important channel. This certainly puts us a great -- a leap forward into starting to build a foundation for OTC. But I think, importantly, it's also diversification around reimbursement. So as you look at the different models from payers and across the different geographies, that continued diversification amongst channels, amongst geographies and with the Rx, Gx and OTC. So again, the beautiful and powerful thing about now this combination is the infrastructure we have in place to truly maximize now products that we can pull through from any of those channels. So I think it's extremely exciting, and I think it gives us even more opportunity to have more accretive, strategic acquisitions to now bolt on to the platform. I'll let Rajiv comment on Momenta. 
Heather Bresch: And as far as, I guess, pricing, the only thing I'll point out and then I can let Tony weigh in is that I think, Marc, you know that driving -- pricing has never been a driver. We've been, I think, a very responsible generic player with hundreds of products into the market and have shown very responsibly price erosion. We've said it's a very competitive marketplace. There's been opportunities that we've had over the course of time but, certainly, never a driver of our generics business whatsoever. 
Heather Bresch: Sure. Thank you, Andrew. Look, I think as far as the guidance range is -- regarding the guidance range, it's why, obviously, we do give a range. And we are very -- we're committed to those ranges with or without Meda. I think importantly to note, we're assuming one quarter contribution. So yes, I would say it's safe to assume that if all those assumptions are accurate and we have a full quarter of contribution, that certainly, when you look at the top line of the range, it could be at the top end of the range. And obviously, from the bottom line, we'd have that opportunity to be above our midpoint. But again, I think that since we're only talking about one quarter, we wanted to be clear that we were committed to those ranges. And as I often say, all good things don't happen at the same time in this business and all bad things don't happen at the same time in that business, and that we have multiple moving pieces and parts that certainly could have us within that range without Meda. And I think as we have done historically, as the year progresses and as events and things become more certain, we're able to either hone in or adjust or update those ranges, and we'll continue to do so. As far as just -- again, I'm going to say overall synergies, and then I'll let John and Rajiv weigh in more in detail. But I guess, I do have to go back and just hopefully remind people of the track record. I think we have over-delivered on every synergy target we've ever put out there back -- starting with Merck. And so our ability -- as I mentioned, not only did we have the opportunity to do due diligence and meetings with the management team and truly, really understand what these platforms can do together. And like I said, I hope our track record speaks for itself on integration and execution. 
Heather Bresch: Sure. So Tim, I think -- look, this -- the opportunity is really multifaceted as it relates to EpiPen. First, I would say we're taking -- sharing this product between 3 companies. Pfizer manufactures the product and then Mylan owns the EpiPen and then Meda was our partner in Europe. So just the opportunity to contract back down to 2 certainly makes the financial dynamics much more attractive. And obviously, throughout Europe, there's certain dynamics around pricing and, again, being multi-epinephrine marketplaces in many of those countries certainly had made challenges in continuing to grow that product. I think now in our hands, when you look at the infrastructure with the combined Abbott EPD Business and now with Meda, we're going to have much further reach and be able to, I think, do [ph] and invest in a much different way than Meda as a third-party partner was able to do. So not only do I see it throughout Europe as an opportunity. But as we continue to look and add enhancements and how we bring EpiPen to the market in various other regions around the world, we do see, like I said, a lot of opportunity even outside of Europe with the rest of the world as we continue to invest around EpiPen and the awareness of anaphylaxis.  Well, thank you, everyone. Appreciated all the questions, and look forward to seeing you soon. 
Rajiv Malik: And I think, Heather, you answered it, but because the question -- the other part of the question is not so relevant. Meda on stand-alone on the top line is 3% growth -- projected growth and a 5% growth on the EBITDA. But as Heather mentioned, that's not much relevant because the pulling effect we see between our Rx, Gx, OTC channels are leveraging our -- this platform from the geographies point of view, exciting opportunities, its presence also on the emerging markets. So we see a lot more to this than just stand-alone growth of 3%. 
Rajiv Malik: And on markets, I think I would like to again say it's not about what Meda has done on stand-alone. But Russia, $35 million, for example, or Mexico, these are nice entry points for us to load our -- download our own portfolio and what we bring. Because we have been incubating product portfolio in all these markets, and we were looking to create a -- we're looking forward to create this infrastructure. And we know what we have done with the foothold in Brazil, and we are on a nice trajectory over there. So for us, these are nice entry points into these markets, which we have been looking forward to build upon. 
Rajiv Malik: Greg, yes, we submitted the generic Advair application towards the end of December, and we expect to hear from FDA any time now. 
Rajiv Malik: And I said on Momenta, I think Biocon is focused on 7 to 8 programs, which are between now and 2022. And we find -- we found Momenta programs, some of those programs, they already initiated some of these products, which are beyond 2022. So we didn't need to put all our eggs into one basket. It was part of not just focusing our partnering with Biocon. But we were focused on the products in the pipeline, and we found Momenta to be a right partner and able partner in this space. 
Rajiv Malik: On synergies, the synergies predominantly are based on the cost structure, the G&A, the sales and marketing as well as the cost of goods. And about your question on Restasis, yes, we received our acceptance and it's is under active review. In fact, we received acceptance in the middle of 2015. 
Rajiv Malik: So Europe, I think in our key countries, which is Italy, France, we were -- we didn't see in the last quarter a huge growth, but we didn't see any losing of the market share. Italy, we saw some good growth. U.K. was very strong, in fact, about 20% growth. So we don't see any weakness in our key European countries per se. And one quarter -- as we said, one quarter doesn't make a trend. 
Rajiv Malik: And Elliot, yes, let me confirm -- reconfirm that the 3% top line growth and 5% EBITDA -- adjusted EBITDA growth was on a stand-alone basis. We also confirmed during due diligence that their key countries like U.S., Germany, Italy, France, Sweden and Spain or emerging markets especially; and their key products, Dymista, Dona, Betadine, Elidel and ArmoLIPID, all are showing steady growth over the next few years. 
Rajiv Malik: And I would say that's a net result from combined assets when you bring 2 assets together. We have a fairly good information about their cost structure, our cost structure. And as I said, these -- the result is driven mostly from the structure -- no, cost structure, the cost of goods, the G&A, the selling and marketing infrastructure as well as some cross-fertilization. Do we see upsides? Absolutely. We have not been able to put our arms around what's that number, but we believe in -- that there will be a huge pulling effect. We'll be able to cross-leverage the portfolio, do more with these markets, and we'll come back to you as we learn more about the asset. 
