Heather Bresch: Sure. David, so I'll start with Europe. Look, I think that -- I want to be careful about not talking about this quarter as a trend yet in Europe, but I will say this. We certainly are getting positive indicators. And starting with France, our, as you know, largest market, we continue to see them take initiatives, increased utilization. We see those starting to take hold. We see volumes holding. So that ability of perhaps turning the quarter, maybe throughout the rest of this year, we will see a trend. But what I can tell you, we have our arms around what we can control, our cost of goods structure, our continual repatriation and vertical integration has benefited us. And that said in the past, once that market started to turn around, we -- certainly, we get our disproportionate share because of what we've been doing during these headwinds. Italy and Spain continue to be -- show a lot of growth, especially in volume. So while there continues to be austerity measures and price impact, we see that volume in our product mix and our ability to continue to grow those markets as very promising. So I think when you look overall of where there's still see -- or where we still see opportunity as the utilization being a much better offset the cost containment than just slashing prices. And as -- when you look at some of the other European countries that are much more mature, like the U.K., there is not that opportunity for utilization. They are pretty mature markets, so thus to maintain in some of those areas is very different than some of the growth opportunities we see for our strong holders. And then let's turn to the Asia Pacific. Yes, Australia continue to see price pressure as one of the most significant to date with the 25%. I will tell you, we continuously have them since 2008 when I believe they took the first big hit on pricing to rightsize that organization to remain very nimble and agile and be able to adapt to the changing environment. We've continued to invest in our R&D and product launches and cost of goods structure, which we'll continue to do, which has helped us hold and offset that price cut. As you mentioned, Japan had a nice increase. And again, we see opportunity. We see utilization for that country at about 24%. As you know the government has talked about getting that up to at least 30% here in the very near term, so again, continuing to capture some of that growth. And as I mentioned, our world driver being our ARV franchise out of our India subsidiary. And that continues to grow nicely, and we continue to be a very competitive market leader around tenders throughout the world.
Heather Bresch: So we've been very focused. As I mentioned in my remarks, it's actually growing the anaphylaxis market. So really just at the moment with us being the only epinephrine auto-injector on the market at this time, we've really been able to focus on education around anaphylaxis. So we have seen, as you've seen in these results, we've seen a great response to that. And we obviously look at Q3 to be one of the best ever for EpiPen as we continue to know that it's a very -- it's at the moment still very seasonal with back to school. We see Q3 always historically by being larger, but what we've seen with the script trend and expansion is that peak is starting earlier, lasting longer. So we certainly have seen a benefit and obviously, now with the runway absolutely clear for us through 2015, through our settlement with Teva, I can assure you, we are going to continue as we see those response continue to invest in EpiPen as a franchise.
Heather Bresch: Yes, we remain absolutely confident on our regulatory pathway and our ability to receive an approval. As you know, the -- how Hatch-Waxman works, our ability to get an approval prior to the appeals process is not possible. So we are very focused on still receiving our regulatory approval and absolutely, as I mentioned in my comments, believe that we'll get that prior to the appeals process ending.
Heather Bresch: Well, as we've said before, it's really tough to talk about Europe where it gets one country and one market. I mean, we -- you've got many, many markets, many different regions, many different dynamics. What I would say is as we do participate in many of those markets throughout Europe, what we have continued to see is, yes, through some of these macroeconomic headwinds, we saw irrational behavior in some countries. We've stated that we always believe that those weren't sustainable business model, that our ability to continue to leverage our global platform very much made us unique throughout the European countries. And so our ability to weather the storm that Europe's been going through, and come out on the other side stronger with a much better cost of goods structure, put us in position to compete much better than any regional or local player that doesn't have the benefit of the global scale that the Mylan platform have. So I think that's the best way I can describe how we see Mylan fitting in for Europe overall, how Mylan would be very differentiated from a regional or local player.
Heather Bresch: And as far as your question about the rest of European cost, I guess, first I would say that the global scale doesn't just apply to the product side. Our global scale is pulling on sales excellence, marketing excellence, looking at really -- as these markets continue to change and adapt, we're able to do so with along with them. So I would say, we have been able to take some restructuring in different countries and adapt in our sales model, and we continue to do so. So we are absolutely looking across the board at where that makes sense. And like I said, at the end of the day, our ability to really pull upon this global scale benefits us across the entire organization.
Heather Bresch: It depends. I mean, we have countries, take Belgium, who was a total branded generic marketplace, and they have been increasingly switching to an INN substitution. So our ability, obviously, to marry up with the dynamics of that market is important, and we're able to do so. So I would say at the best we can be everything from sales, from marketing to sales reps to how we're selling the market into those countries.
Heather Bresch: Sure. I do absolutely believe that Lidoderm could be opportunity for us in the second half of '13. And I guess just to build upon that a little bit, because I know there's been a lot of discussion around Lidoderm, just for your recollection, the citizens petition, which has been discussed quite a bit, we filed back in 2006. After that citizens petition was filed, talking about -- Indo [ph] put forward their argument about bioequivalency and how the standards should be changed and what should be required, FDA issued guidance very clearly and have said about what they wanted to see with the Lidoderm patch in the ANDA. So all of that transpired before Watson filed their ANDA in 2009, and absolutely nothing has changed from FDA's perspective on guidance or requirement since that time. So the idea that the citizens petition is holding up the application to manage, it's just not really possible. So again, we look forward to our regulatory approval and still believe that to be a very viable option in the second half of '13.
Heather Bresch: And I would just add, as you might imagine, Robert and the Board are extremely involved at looking at everything and constantly looking at all of our options.
Heather Bresch: Let me start with your second question because I'm not sure I clearly understood your EpiPen question, and so I'll come back to that. But quickly on your ask about our capacity build, as we've announced earlier this year, we are continuing to invest in our injectable capacity in Ireland, as well as other areas around the globe. We certainly agree that it's our continual ability to vertically integrate on the injectable front and bring more and more of that into the Mylan global supply chain. It's certainly a benefit to us. So it absolutely is part of our footprint for expansion and capacity building this year as well as into the future. As far as EpiPen, it wasn't clear or you didn't come across clear of what you were asking me. I believe you used some initials of ACA.
Heather Bresch: Okay, I think maybe what you're speaking of ACO. But in any event, we absolutely do not. As you may be aware or not aware, most programs allow for a patient to be reimbursed for 2 EpiPens per year. And that's usually a general rule of thumb across all programs whether government or private sector where people are carrying more EpiPens or typically paying out of pocket or get a waiver from their insurance companies. So certainly nothing in the current health care law changes those dynamics.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So Ken, as far as a long-term visibility you're looking for, I think starting what we've been doing since 2008 is continuing to give that long-term visibility. And hopefully, with people have been able to start gaining confidence in our ability to be not only laying out guidance and potential targets but our ability to meet or exceed them. So I think as we came out Investor Day with a whole assortment of opportunities that are drivers for 2013 and beyond because, as you mentioned, we need to work today on those things. So whether it's EpiPen, yes, there's a possibility there could be an AB-rated. While I remain fairly confident that, that's going to be a high hurdle, we have many, many other opportunities. I mean, when we talk about biologics, Advair, Copaxone, all definitely coming after that 2015 time period, not to mention our continuous voluminous amount of launches across the board. That's why today in my remarks, I tried to lay out not only what the platform is generating but with all the different strategic drivers that we discussed that all give benefits. So you don't have to rely on all of them hitting obviously just a couple of them hitting certainly put at great growth to Mylan from this point going forward. And I guess the other thing I'd say on your comment about integration, I could say that our Merck acquisition certainly is in a hemisphere all by itself. When you buy a company 2.5x your size and do a transformational acquisition as we did, certainly that integration, I think took a couple of 3 years that we certainly were able and continue to show every step along the way our ability to realize those synergies. I think when you look at acquisitions outside of that, we've certainly stated we're not doing a large 2.5x our size transformative acquisition. So things like Bioniche respiratory franchise from Pfizer, we've continued to be able to bolt and tuck those in without ever even mentioning integration or missing a beat because I think the platform we have in place today is scalable and sustainable and is able to absorb these kind of acquisitions very, very easily. So there's not a long-term planning period for any of those.
Heather Bresch: I mean, I think we've been clear, and I'll let John speak about that. We have a whole range of opportunities and potential from sizing perspective in our continued strengthening our financial flexibility. So all I'm saying is that everything and these types of acquisitions are certainly nothing compared to what the Merck integration required.
Heather Bresch: Let me start I guess on the portfolio aspect of your question. Just throughout the rest of this year, we're on track to launch another -- over 300 products throughout the world. We don't speak specifically before launches in Europe as you know. There's some competitive advantage, and it's not the same system that gives the same visibility, like here in the United States with Paragraph IV. But I can tell you, we've had very successful launches already this year, as I spoke about Atorvastatin and Candesartan and then Ibandronate. And like I said, we continue to have many more. Our total R&D portfolio and filings, we look to be doubling our size by 2015. So I mean, that should give you a sense of the amount of products that we have in the pipeline or already filed with regulatory agencies around the world of what we're going to be launching over the next couple of years. As far as Paragraph IV goes, I mean, certainly, we have been showing, like we did back in Investor Day, the state certain launches that we already know of or our first-to-file, share to file opportunities, 2012 was one of our largest years as far as the states certain so far been, but we continue to already be -- have settlements that go out through '13, '14, '15 of date certain. We continue to get our share of first-to-file opportunities. So I would just say that we continue to maximize and leverage our platform on all of the fronts that we have in the past. Difficult-to-formulate products, the Paragraph IV opportunity and, like I said, just a voluminous amount of dosage forms. And we are investing in everything from injectables, as I mentioned earlier, to our patches, at oral, solid dose soft gels, dermatologicals. So as far as from an M&A, when you think about -- we really have a lot of opportunity to complement this platform across the globe, from our Specialty division to continue to complement our infrastructure and disease state expertise in respiratory and allergy. You look at our Biologics partnerships and our ability to continue to leverage and build upon that, as well as therapeutic categories that we're not in yet. So we see an opportunity to still bid our U.S. generics business with things like whether it would be antibiotics or dermatological things that we're not as large in today. So across the board, I would say, we have many opportunities to continue to fuel the engine that we've put together across all of the fronts I just mentioned.
Heather Bresch: Well, a couple of things. I think you've heard me say before that I don't believe that EpiPen should be as a seasonal product as it's been historically. But we continue to educate people about obviously some of the unfortunate and unnecessary deaths that have taken place in restaurants and in schools have not been to things like these things that occur more in the springtime. So what I would say as we've seen, as you know, there's been a lot of reports of this allergy season started much earlier this yea since we had such a mild winter. I think that was a contributor to some of the strengths. But I would say, I also put a lot more weight on, like I said, just a pure expansion in education that's taken place in the market. And I continue to see hopefully more and more months becoming drivers short of what it's historically been just in Q3.
John D. Sheehan: Well, I think, Gary, as you know, we don't break out our revenue from products individually. We were very pleased with the launches that we had in the second quarter, and we do have a very strong quarter. We do have a very strong quarter coming up here in the third quarter for North America. So I think that it will be a very robust year for North America overall, including the second half of the year.
John D. Sheehan: So Marc, with respect to the gross margin, certainly a portion of the margin increase in the second half of the year is the seasonality associated with our product mix. Certainly, the Specialty business, including EpiPen, has its strongest quarter of the year in the third quarter, and that it will benefit us. We also have a very strong year for launches in North America, and new product launches, obviously, are beneficial. But aside from North America, as we talked about in the first quarter, we have been seeing through the cost-reduction efforts that we've been taking, whether it be the vertical integration, the repatriation efforts, we have been able to maintain and grow margins in Europe, and we've been able to also -- even with the price cuts that we've seen in Asian countries, been able to weather that with stable margins. So I think that it is a -- the strength of our gross margin is a combination between product mix, new products and then also managing aggressively the cost associated with our existing product portfolio.
John D. Sheehan: I think that we'll certainly provide more detailed guidance with respect to '13 when we get closer to that year. We did talk about that a bit in our Investor Day, and I think we are confident in our 48% to 50% gross margin range that we have as our current guidance out there.
John D. Sheehan: Elliot, with respect to the second half of your question on whether Lidoderm is in our 2013 numbers or not, I guess what I would say to you is that we risk adjust all of our products and take into consideration that there could be a range of periods in when products are introduced and, therefore, without saying specifically whether Lidoderm is in there or not, I would just say that Lidoderm is risk-adjusted into our future business plan.
John D. Sheehan: Look, I'll -- I guess not being a member of the Board of Directors I'm not sure I want to speak on behalf of the Board of Directors, but I think we laid out on Investor Day earlier this year the parameters for how we would evaluate transactions. And I think those parameters continue to exist. In May, we believe that executing on a share repurchase program was the best and most appropriate use of the capital we had available to us at that time. And so we execute on that, and we were very pleased with the execution. On a going-forward basis, we'll continue to evaluate opportunities that are available for transactions in the marketplace, again, using the parameters we outlined, and we'll also evaluate the appropriateness of share repurchase program.
John D. Sheehan: Right. Remember, Ken, that at Investor Day we indicated that we were committed to a long-term debt to EBITDA ratio of 3:1 that we would not go above that which is permitted under credit facility of 4.25:1. And that we would look at the transactions that expanded our portfolio or geographically into areas that we're not in or other shareholder value accretion transactions such as share repurchases that you saw too earlier this year.
John D. Sheehan: There are restrictions and under our bank facilities and borrowing facilities, with respect to our ability to do additional share repurchase programs. At the current time, our Board of Directors has not approved any other share repurchase programs. And quite honestly, I'm not in the position to confirm the $400 million to $500 million capacity at the current time.
John D. Sheehan: I don't think that our covenants would allow us to announce a share repurchase program currently of the size that you were suggesting, no.
John D. Sheehan: So operator, that will conclude our call, and we appreciate very much the support of everybody who participated.
