Heather Bresch: Surely. And I'll start and then anyone on the team that would like to also chime in. I think it's important you kind of teed it up yourself in your question when you said our historical ranges. I think that if I go back several years and look at our historical product portfolio, they're primarily generics, a large number of which were U.S. generics and as you know we pointed out on the chart a large number of those generics were more of that commodity based products. So if you think about from an SG&A perspective we have trended on the lower end because those types of products that require the sales and marketing behind them and obviously that's kind of how the U.S. generics industry work especially around this commodity type products. I think that as our evolution from both the acquisitions from Abbott and Meda, which obviously especially from Europe and Rest of World perspective, gave us a much larger portfolio around key brands, as well as OTC products. Those require investment and ongoing investment. So, while there are certainly some that we're maintaining because we've had them on the market a while. There's others that we see a value and kind of reinvesting more in. Because some of these products and other companies hand weren't getting the same level of investment that we are now saying kind of fruitful returns from. And then I would say just our evolution in North America both from that commodity type product and to the specialty and complex, as you know, I think as Tony walked through the kind of services and everything that goes around these more complex products, certainly cost more. And then I think last but not least when you look at things like our YUPELRI launch and products that for the first time you're certainly investing and ramping up that investment before it's paying returns. So I would say that it synthesizes all of that, it's looking at our portfolio shift, which is certainly responsible for our cost infrastructure shift. I mean, when I look at us amongst our appears. I would still say that this 21% to 22% range is very much on the low end. It's certainly not up there with the typical specialty which are in the high 20s. I think that we believe that this 21, 22 range is kind of is our new step up basis for the kind of investments that we see that like said not just to deliver the revenues for 2019 but certainly beyond. Because as we have seen in especially with these complex products much slower ramp, much longer tail. So these are products that as we look at the different regions of the world much different contribution but importantly all driving over the longer term, certainly nothing on a quarter by quarter basis. So I appreciate the question because I think it really gives us an opportunity to make sure people are really looking at our portfolio correctly both our diversification in the United States, as well as importantly our diversification across Europe and rest of world.
Heather Bresch: Yeah. And Ronny as far as the strategic committee is concerned, so as I have said previously the committee is looking at lots of things and everything and is you should expect as they put that note out there it was to look at anything and everything that could unlock value. And while I don't want to speak for the committee it is my understanding that I think they're nearing completion of the review.
Heather Bresch: Okay. Chris, I’ll start off and then I’ll Ken or Tony chime in. So I think -- the wider range I think is just reflective of the volatility that we've seen in the marketplace and I think we’re trying to be respectful of that volatility and take kind of everything in consideration. As I said in my opening remarks, while we believe our platform has certainly proven to be more resilient and it’s not immune as we pointed out our 2018 we were at the lower end of that range. And we consider that to be very strong result in light of the fact that we didn't get approval on Advair in the year and we had much lower uptake on Copaxone. I think if you look at these opportunities, look they’re significant new but they’ve got significant dollars attached to it. So I think we try to take a very balance and measured approach to how we are weighing all those things in the business to make sure we’re kind of putting that right range out there that gives that right flow. And I think that as we look at the business really I look at our year-over-year growth and continuing that revenue growth in all of our segments it really just came down to making sure we provided those wings for the opportunity. The opportunities and risks that are always associated with this business around the globe and make sure that we’re putting something in there we think accounts for the right level of the assumptions now that we do have Advair approved and how we’re thinking about that uptake. And like I said what we see happening now with Copaxone and may have taken longer than we wanted to but as Tony pointed out we’re starting to see some better pull through. So it was really just trying to give quite honestly what I think many of you guys have asked us to be mindful of which is the – all the moving pieces and parts to these business and giving ourselves and making sure we give ourselves that range and that latitude because of just that all the moving pieces and parts. As far as SG&A, I guess, I would just say look as you would assume Chris those investments you don't get a return on investment dollar for dollar and you’re wanting depending where things are if it’s a new launch like YUPELRI versus like a Creon where we continue to see growth in markets and Influvac. So we’ve got some of these global key brands like I said that while they been in the portfolio for a while. We are saying benefits of investments and those are happening real-time. So I think it's a little bit of everything there's things there's infrastructure we’re putting in. There are things that we think have a longer term pay off and there's also things that were putting in place that'll help us pull through the products we have coming in the pipeline, because as we have one of the largest complex product pipelines out there. And so a lot of this groundwork will help us pull through what will be needed as far as services or infrastructure around these products as we move forward with our portfolio of mix.
Heather Bresch: I'll start with the stability in the market place. As I pointed out in my opening remarks, I think, it's very difficult to look at the U.S. generic market and paint it with one brush. I think we have said for a while that portfolios are very different and so each company's intersection with what's happened in the marketplace is going to be very different. There's no question that I think value has been extracted out of the U.S. market place and I think we see that -- we've seen that daily over the course of the last several months especially as you look at consolidation of what's happened with our customers, as well as the ramp up of approvals of that fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth generic for products that as we would characterize in that commodity bucket. So, for us we have continued to see this mid single-digit decline or erosion in the business and we believe that from our perspective that is holding pretty steady. We think a driver for that for us for Mylan is because as we look at the U.S. generics market, we believe there's three distinct buckets. There's the commodity bucket, specialty bucket and the complex bucket and each of those require a different level of investment, a different up take, as well as different competitiveness in the marketplace itself. So from our perspective that is -- that diversification in the U.S. business has allowed us to absorb a lot of that volatility and like I said not be immune to it and I think that as we look forward we're kind of still seeing that mid single-digit erosion. I think the biggest difference for us is having the product new launches be able to offset that erosion and that's really been historically what has meant success in this business if your new product launches could offset your volume and price that that's what's made this -- that's what has made this market and I don't think that's changed. It's just I think the hurdles for some of those approvals have become higher and they're obviously more significant launches. So I – that’s perhaps a long winded answer but I think it's important that we're not just trying to characterize the entire U.S. generic marketplace and all the players like I said with one brush.
Heather Bresch: And as far as departures, I guess I'll just start with saying I think as having I'll say the longest which would I think fairly be accurate; the longest tenure management team here in continuity as you know, that's important to us and we think it's absolutely been one of the important aspects of Mylan's success and executing on our strategy and quite honestly what we have in front of us. As you know, yeah, we've had a couple departures starting with our Chief Legal Officer. I think not only is he just going back to private practice in D.C., but as we noted we're going to continue having a relationship in advisory capacity. So that's just kind of in the normal course. And as far as others throughout the organization, I mean, as you can imagine we've got over 30,000 employees and we have a lot of people coming and going. I think, certainly, like I said when you look at the top level of this executive management, we've been the longest tenured out there and that's very important and we've built a lot of great bench strength under us. So the exciting news is there continues to be great opportunities for current employees, as well as we're always looking at balancing that with bringing in new talent and new perspective. So I couldn't be more excited about the team we have and the opportunities to bring some new hires in. So, thank you. Thank you for asking that.
Tony Mauro: Thanks, Heather. And I just might add Elliott I think as Heather outlined whether it's YUPELRI in North America along with Biologics our global key brands in Biologics in Europe and Amitiza and Sebivo in Rest of World is about increasing our share of voice, capturing additional market growth and getting more opposition touch points. Really as we invest in these resources not just from a marketing perspective but a selling and resource perspective it’s getting more with more that's really the opportunity we see ahead of us.
Tony Mauro: And maybe just to close it out when you think about the SG&A investments we’re making very strategic from a headcount perspective but good portion of the selling and marketing incremental growth we’re seeing is going to be just ramping up the advertising promotion or somebody’s key assets globally that do have some nimbleness in terms of future spend once we get into a level. We feel like it is grown appropriately.
Tony Mauro: So maybe just Jason I think well first of all we had a very focused sales force on that product since launch we’re going to expand it because we see additional opportunities not just with this particular product on oncology but a whole breadth of products that we have today and in the future in oncology. So I don't that the strategy is changed tremendously from that product perspective we’re seeing over 15% market share growth to that pre-filled syringe business, we've been very selective on the customer's who went after and I think we feel very, very good about our performance of that launch and how it’s going to flow into 2019 and you had asked additionally about Advair.
Tony Mauro: And maybe just commenting on your Med D comment we know 50% of Advair usages is in the Med D space. I can tell you from products like Glatiramer we launched, initially we’re being block out at the Med D program with Wixela out of the top 10 Med D plans we have full parity and access on eight or 10 them at this moment two weeks of launch. So we feel very good about the initial ramp. We feel very confident about our capabilities from a supply and our pharmacy mix that we got from a customer perspective And we have high hopes moving forward.
Ken Parks: And Elliott I'll just add and maybe this is last comment on this. But you've heard us talk not just on this call but the last couple of calls about you identifying value creation assets, identifying those things that we want to do slightly differently with them. You can be assured that as we’re looking at this incremental investment to support growth in certain products that we’re putting very, very strong financial analysis around this. And that has been part of what's coming through this business transformation process as looking at not just what a product contributes that may be a gross margin level, but what is it takes for us to support that product whether it be in the launch phase or the life of the product. So to add on to what Heather and Tony both said is, you can be assured that we are putting financial disciplines around looking at returns on these investments whether it be in the area people or marketing. So we know what we're getting for the money that we do put out there.
Ken Parks: So, Ronny, I'll take the tax question look as I called out in the in the comments there were a couple of statutory changes that happened at the beginning of this year and as we’ve talked about the impact of 2017 Tax Reform Act in the United States. And said really what happened to us with all of that is we had a minor negative impact whereas a lot of companies who were in the U.S. had a bigger favorable impact moving their tax rate down. The minor negative impact that affected us was really due to the minimum tax calculation that didn't fully come into play in 2018 but does come into play in 2019. So to your question out is this the new rate for us, I think it's probably close to the new rate. We have a great tax payment a good group of people that are kind of always looking at opportunities to evaluate if we can do something slightly differently, but I think that tax rate is probably the right thing to think about for us today.
Ken Parks: And Chris look I think hopefully you hear as you’re listening to all of this talk about the confidence in the business that really what this comes down to as we brought these businesses together and we’re spending more and more time digging into what's going on in the business and what we have as far assets we're excited about the opportunities that we have. And so as we think about investing -- as we do anytime we invest we’re going to do it with discipline and thoughts and metrics and thinking about where the money is best, but we feel really good about the position that we have the assets to invest in.
Ken Parks: Look, the $1 billion is the total incremental year-over-year benefit of new product launches and it comes from a couple of places and I'll give you kind of the geographic order of magnitude. We had products that we’re launched in 2018, but haven't seen their full 12 months cycle yet. So the carryover benefit of those products is a part of the billion dollars that is new product launches until they hit their one year mark. So that's great because those products are in the market and we have a feel for how they're doing. Besides that what I would tell you is that out of that $1 billion call it somewhere around three quarters of it is probably in North America and the rest of it is split kind of evenly between Europe and Rest of the World just to kind of give you order of magnitude pieces there. And then if you want to kind of understand a little bit about the North America piece it will have a portion of that carryover component, but it also as where we have Wixela obviously and that's a significant contributor to new product launches in North America, which once again approval behind us launch is underway and we feel really good about the uptake on that. As far as contributions from these products, we’ve consistently said we’re not going call out anyone individually but what we said is these products have intended to contribute even with our partner arrangements at or above the Mylan average overall.
Ken Parks: So look I'll start with the modeling question around SG&A and revenues and EBITDA but look its right now what we're targeting as we go into this year is SG&A at a rate of 20% to 21% -- 21% to 22%, I am sorry. And as we do that that clearly is a level of investment on even the low end revenues where you said they were the same at the low end as what we have this year but it is an increased step up investment. So that drives EBITDA bit lower and it's very simply that. So now to your point around, as we move through the year we'll certainly watch these investments and ensure we're getting back from them what we're expecting to get and we may pull back a little bit on some of that investment, we may reallocate it somewhere else where we see it taking hold even stronger. But effectively I'd say it's pretty straight forward map, the same revenues with a slightly higher SG&A at either point on the range gives you lower EBITDA.
Rajiv Malik: Yeah. Let me add that to your last point about switch on, switch off yes in small some of the smaller countries the emerging countries where we see there are limited period opportunities we have that ability to switch on, switch off some of those SG&A expenses just because of using some of the contracted sources in those countries.
Rajiv Malik: And regarding Morgantown plant, Gary, as I stated earlier, we continue to execute and assess our restructuring and remediation activities at the site to this 2019 and of course we are focused on meeting our commitments to FDA and as well as our customers. Now, as for any negative financial impact on the business, I think, we don't see that anymore as we go into 2019. As I've mentioned, it's I think largely behind us. We continue to supply from Morgantown our key products. We continue, as we said there's no new big launches or no new launches budgeted in 2019 from Morgantown and also from the materiality point of view only five out of our top 50 North American products today come from Morgantown.
Rajiv Malik: Yeah. And regarding Advair we have a state of art dedicated facility, which is up and running and producing and shipping the product today and if opportunity comes we have enough capacity to supply the market.
