Philippe Martin: Thank you, Scott. I'd also like to welcome Corinne to Viatris and I look forward to working with her.   Since our last earning call, we held an R&D event to discuss key elements of our pipeline as well as details about the collaboration with Idorsia, including the 2 potential blockbuster assets, selatogrel and cenerimod. As we said, we have built a strong foundation.  Our base business pipeline and portfolio is expected to keep delivering consistent results, currently reaching more than 1 billion patients a year. Our new partnership with Idorsia has the potential to broaden that reach. We are very excited about selatogrel and cenerimod. They are highly innovative products that have the potential to deliver meaningful patient impact in significantly advanced treatment in areas of high unmet medical need. The deal closed on March 15. And since then, we have brought onboard approximately 80 Idorsia employees, ensuring no interruption in program continuity. They are a team of talented drug developers who are fully dedicated to driving forward the development programs for both assets.   For selatogrel and cenerimod, we are focused on expanding and accelerating enrollment of the Phase III SOS MI study and Phase III OPUS studies, respectively. We are adding approximately 250 sites to each program, and we are expanding into additional regions, leveraging the strength of Viatris' global reach.  We have initiated the development of life cycle strategies for both assets looking to maximize these opportunities by developing additional indications or expanding into broader patient populations as well as optimizing, labeling and launch sequencing globally.   Finally, we will have a normal presentation at EULAR in June focused on cenerimod effect on biomarker of inflammation in SLE.   Looking at our eye care pipeline. We launched Ryzumvi in the U.S. for the reversal of pharmacologically induced mydriasis on April 1. We are actively enrolling Phase III studies of MR-139 for the treatment of blepharitis and MR-142 for the treatment of dim light or night vision disturbances. For MR-146, gene therapy for neurotrophic keratopathy, we are targeting an IND submission in the second half of this year.   Looking at our base business pipeline, we have more than 25 products in our novel portfolio. Of those, I'd like to highlight 3 particular projects. For GA Depot, as you know, our partner Mapi received a CRL back in March. We are working with Mapi to respond to comments received from the FDA and intend to seek a meeting with the FDA in the next few months. We will determine the next step after that meeting.   Phase III studies for meloxicam fast acting, a potential opioid-sparing treatment in post-surgery pain are well underway. The Phase III study for Xulane Low Dose for use in contraception has completed enrollment. With our complex injectable pipeline alone, we have more than 50 products in total, 15 products currently under FDA review, 9 of these represent potential first-to-market opportunities.   Finally, our core generic pipeline is progressing well with submissions continuing at a steady pace, in line with expectations.   In summary, we are making progress on key elements of our pipeline. We have an incredibly talented team. And we have clear plans to deliver on our key R&D objectives to support Viatris' overall growth.   Now I will turn the call over to Doretta to work through the quarterly results. 
Philippe Martin: Thanks, Scott. And so with regard to Mapi and GA Depot, we are working with them to address comments that we received from the FDA, as I mentioned, and seeking a meeting in the next few months. Once we have that meeting, we'll have clarity on -- more clarity on the time line and what to expect. So we'll be sharing that with you once available. 
Philippe Martin: So I'll take the first question on Idorsia, this is Philippe. So no, it's not -- the acceleration that we are currently working on by adding a significant number of sites and expanding into regions that originally were not planned by Idorsia but where Viatris has significant experience, is not included in the time line that we presented at the R&D Day. It's too early for us to see the impact that this is going to have, but we'll keep you updated as we go forward. 
Philippe Martin: Yes. And to answer your first question, the 2 assets you mentioned are second half launches. We're working through the regulatory approval process. We remain confident in our $450 million to $550 million new product revenue guidance for the full year. And we've -- as you know, we've been very successful in bringing similar products to market in the past. So we feel good about our new product revenue going forward.  And then in terms of the mix of products regarding the injectable -- complex injectable pipeline, I mean, they represent more than 50 products in total, and we have about 15 that are currently under FDA review. So in terms of product mix, they represent a significant number of approvals for us going forward. So that remains a very important segment of our R&D portfolio that will continue to grow over time. 
Theodora Mistras: Great. Specifically, I would say, in North America, as mentioned, as you noted, we were impacted by 2 items. The first was a formulary change and the second was channel dynamics. The formulary change really impacted EpiPen. The change in channel dynamics in Q1, we saw slightly higher-than-expected utilization in certain kind of legacy brands, and that was really due to higher utilization in those noncommercial channels.  I would say kind of over the course of the year, we do expect those impacts to be offset by growth in other brands. So we saw 18% in Yupelri growth, Tyrvaya growth. These are factors that we're all kind of monitoring in Q1. I would say we were kind of -- it was a disproportionate impact in what we kind of originally anticipated. But I think as we go through the course of the year, we expect these to be offset. 
Theodora Mistras: And specifically, the free cash flow, the short answer is yes, with respect to your question around $2.3 billion kind of -- we feel that even post the divestitures, kind of as we look into 2025 and beyond, just given the diversity of our business, the portfolio and the stability of the base business as well as some of the kind of broader objectives and cash optimization kind of initiatives we've put in place, our business should be able to generate at least $2.3 billion in free cash on an ongoing basis. 
Theodora Mistras: Great. So I would say on JANZ, it is performing kind of in line with what we expected for the first quarter, we are seeing growth. We did see some FX headwind relative to last year in the region. But the growth we're seeing there, the 2% operational growth, was really driven by some expansion of business activities that we saw in Australia. And this is a business kind of that we expect on an ongoing basis there is natural price erosion just due to government price regulation, specifically in Japan and Australia. And so that will factor in as we think about the rest of the year. And we do expect this business to perform in line with our expectations. And then specifically also just to add a little bit to what Scott said around new products, we have great confidence in our $450 million to $550 million of new product launches. One of the benefits is we're not dependent on any one single product. Kind of Breyna is performing better than what we expected, but there's -- kind of the breadth of our portfolio is what allows us to kind of have that confidence in our $450 million to $550 million. 
Theodora Mistras: Yes. So on emerging markets specifically, we were very pleased with the performance that we've seen in that region. It was really -- we saw broad performance specifically both in our MENA and our Eurasia region, both across generics, and across our branded portfolio such as Lipitor, Elidel, Xalabrands. So we really saw outperformance across the board. And this was despite some FX headwinds that we saw in that region. We had multiple currencies that we saw some weakness in versus the U.S. dollar relative to last year. So we were very pleased with our performance in emerging markets.  With respect to your second question around the divestitures. So yes, so as kind of the Women's Health transaction we closed in March, given we expect to close the API transaction imminently, the way we thought about the remainder of '24, we've stripped out Women's Health as of its close and we've stripped out the API business as if it has closed in May given its imminent closure -- expected closure. 
Scott Smith: And Nate, just a couple of comments before I turn it over to Philippe. And Q1 for brands in the U.S. is always a little bit choppy. Again, as Doretta said, we expect to have a good full year performance. And I would just like to say, overall, the business is performing as expected globally. It's a very large and diverse business, there's lots of puts and takes. But we're very happy with the overall global performance this quarter. 
Scott Smith: Thank you very much for the question. Tyrvaya, we're seeing positive trends. We're seeing continued uptake with Tyrvaya. It performed in line with our expectations in Q1. We're very hopeful on the trajectory of Tyrvaya. We just started the DTC in Q4, and we'll see where it goes. That $1 billion that you're talking about over the next 4, 5, 6 years is relative to the whole pipeline of products, right? Definitely, Ryzumvi is a little bit of a niche product. It's complementary to what we're doing with Tyrvaya in terms of sales call dynamics and things, but we're continuing to be very, very hopeful relative to the ophthalmology business, and we've got a number of products in the pipeline. 
Scott Smith: Yes. I think what we talked about in the last time was closed by midyear. I'm not sure if it's going to be June or a little bit later than that, but we're expecting to close it midyear. It's obviously subject to certain regulatory approvals and consents, which are a little bit out of our control, but that continues to track very well. We're pleased with our progress there. We should be closing that transaction by midyear. 
Scott Smith: Yes. Doretta can answer the first part and then on JANZ, and I'll take the new product question afterwards. 
Scott Smith: And specific to your question, $0 of that is on Tyrvaya. That's no longer defined as a new product within our company. And again, just very pleased with $154 million in the quarter for new products and reaffirming the $450 million to $550 million despite maybe some delays in GA Depot. 
Scott Smith: And relative to capital allocation, important to note already this year, we have bought back shares delivered on the dividend, done the Idorsia deal, and brought assets that could drive potential future growth. In terms of the things that we're looking at, I'll continue to say, we look at all manner of different opportunities. Certainly, I like the licensing partnership route for a lot of it given the strong global company we have and the base we have worldwide that I think we're a very favorable partner for people with good technologies and products to be able to launch their products globally. So we're looking at partnering.  There's a lot of interesting opportunities out there for a company of our size and our breadth and we're sorting through it all. And I will say, as we continue through the year, although we've already done some share repurchases and some BD, we expect to have the capital to be able to continue to do some share buybacks as we get through the year and also potentially some BD if the right opportunities arise for us. 
Scott Smith: So I'll kick it over to Philippe to talk specifically about some of the products and the strategy. But just overall, the complex injectable portfolio is a very important part of our base business. We're investing in it. We see important products on the market today from it. We see important products in the future from it. So it's a very sort of important part of our base business mix. And important to continue to invest in the complex generics as we move forward and add other new products, innovative products, patented products to the portfolio to accelerate that growth. 
Scott Smith: Thank you, Balaji. I'm going to hand it over to Doretta to answer the specific questions on the emerging market segments and the divestitures. 
Scott Smith: So thank you, and thank you to everybody online for your attention this morning. In closing, we're continuing our momentum for last year. We've had a great -- we've made great progress on all our key priorities and have a strong executive leadership team in place, a passionate global workforce that is dedicated to leading the company into what we believe is an exciting future ahead. Thank you again. 
