Heather M. Bresch: Thank you, and thank you for joining us this afternoon. As promised, we've been busy since we last spoke to you on our fourth quarter earnings call. Our primary focus today will be on our strong first quarter results and on our legal binding commitment to acquire Perrigo. Mylan fully intends to comply with all requirements of the Irish Takeover Rules that govern this process. As such, we would like to caution investors that we will be limited in our ability to disclose certain forward-looking information. Further during this call, we will not be discussing board or board-related matters. As such, we will not be speaking to Teva's unsolicited expression of interest or answering questions on this topic. We believe that our board's response speaks for itself. Before I turn the call over to Rajiv and John, who will briefly review our first quarter earnings, I'd like to say hello and thank you to all Mylan employees around the world joining us on the call today, including our new Mylan EPD employees. I would like to thank each and every one of them for their hard work, dedication, and continued focus on execution, all of which helped us to deliver the strong first quarter performance we will be discussing today.
Heather M. Bresch: Thank you, Sumant. Look, I would say that I think our track record hopefully speaks to the fact that we are constantly executing on both short-term, midterm and long-term, and I believe the combination of what we will be able to deliver together is going to be truly the best for both of our shareholders, both companies, and we'll deliver, like I said, both short-term, middle-term and long-term. And look, I think back when we were together last quarter and we talked about aggressively pursuing transactions, and that Abbott would be the first of transactions that we were looking at, now this being the second, but you should know, we're not standing still and we will continue to look at transactions that, again, strategically complement our global platform.
Heather M. Bresch: And as far as Omega, Gregg, we have said that you should always assume we're looking at everything and transaction that makes sense. Obviously, if you go back at the timing, we were in the middle of our Abbott transaction, but believe that the Omega asset is a great one and one that would be very complementary to our now infrastructure throughout Europe.
Heather M. Bresch: Thanks, Jason. Look, what I would say is we took everything into consideration. I think we have a very competitive and compelling offer on the table and we look forward to pursuing the transaction.
Heather M. Bresch: Okay. Thank you, Andrew. I think that as we laid out what a Perrigo/Mylan combination will provide is a very unique value proposition across all customer channels and our ability to truly redefine the delivery of how we'll bring healthcare services to market. And so I think that as a combination, not only would we have the financial flexibility and the scale and size to truly look at continuing to enhance that patient experience. And I think that as we look at our mission statement of providing the world's seven billion people access to affordable medication, it will just continue to open up the opportunities of other transactions that we can look at to enhance and accelerate delivering on our mission statement. As far as hell and high water and the FTC is concerned, I believe that as we've seen in other areas of the industry that have seen consolidation, if I look at the payer, if I look at just Medco, Express Scripts, I think that took eight months or nine months to get through the FTC. So I think as the FTC looks at very large transactions, they take a lot into consideration. It's not just about the product overlap, it could also be around the environment or around shortages, around pricing, around just what that would mean for the industry from a leadership position. So I believe that there's a lot taken into consideration and they take their time to really look at all those factors.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure. So, Mike, like I have stressed, we are committed to completing those transactions in a very timely manner. We said that we expected our shareholder vote early in Q3. So you can assume that our focus and attention is on this Perrigo transaction. With that being said, we are constantly looking at BD transactions, product transactions and that will always be a constant. And in addition to all of that, obviously, the macro environment is continuing to evolve around us. And we'll continue to be part of that. But right now, our full attention and focus is completing this Perrigo transaction.
Heather M. Bresch: Thanks, Chris. I don't think it makes more sense today. I think the transaction and this combination has made sense for some time, which is why we've had several conversations over the years with Perrigo. I think most recently, if you look at the timing, obviously, there was a lot of other things happening between both of our businesses. Now, you see that we were in the middle of the Abbott transaction and Perrigo was in the middle of the Omega transaction. So for us, it just became now a matter of after we were able to get the Abbott transaction closed, we said that we were going to be aggressively pursuing transactions that the financial flexibility that the Abbott transaction would afford us, we would be putting immediately to work. And we believe that Perrigo absolutely is that next right transaction to enhance shareholder value creation for both companies.
Heather M. Bresch: So, well, first, I think for the synergy part of your question, I think the last slide of the deck nicely lays out what we have tried to underscore in this call, which is transactions for us were not just about synergies or tax rates. It's truly about being strategic and complementary. And we have truly executed on all the transactions that we've done and exceeded any targets that we've put out there. So I would say that you should assume that that track record would speak to the transaction as well, and as we've mentioned, the Irish Takeover Rules prohibit us from going any deeper at the moment with how that lays out or how it could fold in, but that's why we tried to stress in the presentation that it's at least $800 million. And all I can say is I don't think we would disappoint on what we will deliver with a combined – with this combination. And what was the second part? Oh, the shareholder vote. So, look, over the coming days and weeks, I can assure you we will be very active with the shareholders, and we believe that the compellingness of this transaction really has been already – the market has already recognized this. And we believe it's a compelling transaction, and what it's going to deliver on a going-forward basis are for the Perrigo shareholders, and the Mylan shareholders will absolutely allow us to secure a favorable vote.
Heather M. Bresch: Okay. So I'll take the second part first and then John can come back on EPD. Look, Ronny, I think as you've known us for a while, I can't stress enough that you – to try to just look simply at metrics on a sheet of paper. This is truly about what – how Mylan is uniquely positioned, Perrigo is uniquely positioned. We think these are two best-in-class assets that as we come together, the value creation that we are looking at is for, like I said, not just near and mid, which we will deliver value, but the sustainable long-term value creation and proposition of truly redefining global healthcare. And I think that if you looked at our transactions historically, whether I go back to Matrix, which nobody saw the rationale at the time. And to think that what that was able to strategically deliver from a vertical integration and a horizontal and is now, as I've said, have half of our operations and employees, really having I think one of the best global supply chains throughout the industry at a very cost effective and efficient model. When I look at Merck, I don't need to remind any of those on the phone what that transaction, and what people with those metrics were on a sheet of paper but obviously the commercial reach and scale that that brought us overnight with being able to leverage then the Matrix transaction on the Mylan platform. That's what has allowed us to grow the 27% CAGR over the last eight years and continue to deliver that. So we see Perrigo no differently. We believe that the combination, what it will allow us to deliver to both shareholders will be substantial and would be better than either organization can do on a standalone basis.
Heather M. Bresch: So unfortunately, we can't speak to – as we've said, this is forward-looking, but what I will say is that as you can imagine, when you're able to bring a very holistic view, and as Tony talked about, bringing this value proposition, especially here in the United States, to a very consolidated customer base and payer base that we have today. Having this broad portfolio allows us to think about really the delivery of patient solutions and thinking about front of the store, back of the store and how to uniquely come to market. So I just would say there's many opportunities, both throughout U.S. as well as Europe. As we talk about kind of their unique pharmacy model certainly provides for a cross-channel, cross-selling between the physician channel as well as the pharmacy channel. And when you think about now the current Mylan infrastructure in Europe with our Mylan EPD, our retail pharmacy sales force now in combination with the Omega sales force, there would really be a true trifecta of coming to that market across all channels, and really being able to optimize these assets across the globe.
Heather M. Bresch: So look, Randall, I think as far as you should assume, I think, as Rajiv had laid out on the synergy side, we absolutely see efficiencies coming from cost of goods. And again, I think when you think about the consolidation of the API between both companies, as well as the manufacturing operations that we definitely consider there to be efficiencies in both of these assets coming together. As far as fully synergized amount, obviously, as you're familiar with the Irish Takeover Rules, I think that the best way to think about it is, again, I'm going to go back to our other transactions. It's really about not doing transactions just based on synergies. It's really about the complementary and strategic and compelling offering that we're going to be able to offer to our customers and to patients. So not only are we committed and that's why we stress the at least $800 million because we believe we'll continue to deliver as Mylan has done in the past. And like I said, I don't think we'll disappoint around this transaction about what we deliver on a short-term, midterm and long-term basis.
Heather M. Bresch: Well, Marc, thanks for not disappointing. I'm glad someone is interested at least on how the business is running. So as far as EpiPen is concerned, I think maybe you're just referring to our year-over-year comparable because there was some unique buy-ins last year that we had called out. So I would look at just what we continue to see as growth in the overall epinephrine auto-injector market. So we're still very happy to see that market continuing to expand by our efforts around education and awareness and that's continuing to take our disproportionate share of that. So we're looking forward and ramping up for a big allergy season. My understanding is because of the extreme cold weather that leads to perhaps even a more robust allergy season. And so, look, EpiPen is right on track as far as we're concerned. As far as the Rest of the World goes, I would say, as we commented on, and I'll let Rajiv fill in...
Rajiv Malik - President: Thank you, Heather, and good afternoon, everyone. As you can see on slide seven, Mylan delivered solid first quarter results, kicking off what we believe will be yet another year of strong financial performance for the company. Sales during the quarter totaled nearly $1.9 billion, a constant currency increase of 15% compared to the same period last year. Adjusted diluted EPS came in at $0.70, an increase of 6% compared to the first quarter of 2014. As highlighted on this slide, all of our regions within the Generics segment experienced strong constant currency revenue growth, which was a result of new product introductions combined with positive impact, especially in Europe, of the acquisition of the non-U.S. EPD business. Within our Specialty segment, third-party net sales in the first quarter increased 8% compared to the prior year period as EpiPen Auto-Injector continued to experience volume growth. In addition, the integration of the recently acquired EPD business is proceeding smoothly and we already have begun realizing the substantial value we envisioned from this strategic transaction. Turning to slide eight, we have been very active during the first quarter with respect to execution of our growth drivers. For instance, recruitment for our comparative effectiveness study for generic Advair is nearly complete and we look forward to getting back in front of the FDA in late summer and remain on track for filing our ANDA by year end. As you are aware, we have established a strategic collaboration with Theravance Biopharma for the development and commercialization of TD-4208, which is expected to be approved as a once-daily nebulized LAMA product for COPD patients. Our technical and clinical teams have been working diligently together and we can now tell you that we expect to initiate our Phase III efficacy trials in the second half of this year. We also remain on track to launch our two other respiratory programs in Europe this year, generic Seretide MDI and generic Flixotide MDI. Similarly, with respect to our two Phase III studies for Glargine, we have completed recruitment for Type 1 diabetes studies ahead of schedule and we expect to wrap up recruitment for the Type 2 diabetes study in July. We remain on track to commission our commercial manufacturing facility by this summer's end. On the biologics front, we continue to progress with our partner Biocon on trastuzumab global Phase III trial. We are pleased to report that the Phase III trial for (9:15) is well underway and we also have recently initiated our global Phase III study for adalimumab. With regard to our ANDA for generic Copaxone, as previously stated, we responded to all FDA requests to date. We remain fully confident that we are well-positioned to receive approval for our application. The approval of the Sandoz ANDA demonstrates that FDA is moving forward with approvals of substitutable generic version of this product. We are further encouraged by FDA's denial of Teva's eighth citizen petition. The FDA's response outlines their criteria for approval and Mylan is confident that our ANDA meets each of these criteria. We also completed the clinical equivalence trial for Estradiol Vaginal Cream as per FDA's guidance and look forward to the next steps to adding another complex product to our portfolio. Finally, I would like to echo Heather's sincere sentiments by thanking our employees for their unwavering dedication to our cause of delivering better health for a better world. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
Rajiv Malik - President: Thanks, Tony. On slide 26 you can see that this transaction will generate significant synergies. As Heather stated earlier, these complementary assets are expected to drive at least $800 million of annual pre-tax operational synergies by the end of year four following completion of the transaction. We have a lot of confidence in our synergy targets. I also know that the Irish Takeover Rules require such estimates be prepared using a sound process and be independently reported on, in our case, by PwC and Goldman Sachs. As we've said before, this team has a proven history of meeting the goals it sets for itself and oftentimes exceeding those goals. Those who know Mylan recognize its history and our synergy goals should be viewed in the context of what our team has been able to accomplish in the past. We believe we can leverage the strengths of both organizations to achieve our targets, while at the same time accelerate the growth of the combined company. Given the scale of our platform, we see significant opportunities for enhanced efficiencies. This also will limit our need for planned expansion. As you will recall, Mylan had previously planned to increase its oral solid capacity to more than 80 billion doses and this gets us beyond our goal. We also see opportunities to do more with our combined R&D operations, and work more efficiently as we develop products for Gx and OTC markets. Please note that this target of at least $800 million doesn't take into account the sales growth potential we see from coming together. Now, let me turn the call over to John again.
Rajiv Malik - President: Yeah. Every – France, I think has been stronger – very strong in the first quarter. Italy is also again growing and doing very well. Our India business, especially the HIV business coming over there, our emerging market business is firing on all cylinders. So I think all other markets have been doing very well.
John D. Sheehan: Thank you, Rajiv. Looking at slide nine, as Rajiv mentioned, our total revenues for the first quarter of 2015 were $1.9 billion, which included one month of results from the Established Products Business we acquired. Sales were unfavorably impacted by approximately $93 million due to the effect of foreign currency translation, primarily reflecting changes in the U.S. dollar as compared to the euro, the yen, and the Australian dollar. However, on a constant currency basis, revenues in our Generics segment increased 15% when compared to the prior year period, an increase that includes revenues of $147 million contributed from the EPD business. Adjusted gross margin for the first quarter of 2015 was a very strong 53%, up 240 basis points from the same prior year period. Our strong margins were primarily the result of new product introductions in North America combined with the positive contribution from the EPD business. R&D expense on an adjusted basis was $152 million or approximately 8% of total revenues. As we continue to invest in our key growth drivers during 2015, we expect R&D spending as a percentage of total revenues to be within our guidance range for the full year. At the same time, SG&A also on an adjusted basis was $409 million or approximately 22% of total revenues, which includes the impact of the EPD business combined with our continued investment in the EpiPen Auto-Injector. Our first quarter adjusted net income was $309 million or $0.70 per share, a 6% increase from our Q1 2014 adjusted diluted EPS of $0.66 per share. Our adjusted diluted EPS was above our expectations from the beginning of the quarter and was achieved in spite of the significant currency headwinds we encountered. Turning to our cash flow and liquidity metrics; cash flow from operations on an adjusted basis was $336 million, and first quarter capital spending was $48 million as we continued to invest in our business and growth drivers. At the end of the quarter, our debt to EBITDA leverage ratio was approximately 2.1 to 1. We continue to have ample borrowing capacity, including our recently announced bridge credit agreement for the proposed Perrigo transaction, and we remain committed to our long-term leverage targets which are consistent with investment grade. To summarize, our first quarter provided an excellent start to 2015 and we remain committed to our 2015 guidance metrics which we communicated during our Q4 2014 earnings call in March. For the second quarter of 2015, we currently anticipate adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $0.86 per share to $0.90 per share, which would be a 28% increase over the prior year quarter, and we remain confident in our calendar year adjusted diluted EPS guidance range of $4 per share to $4.30 per share. That concludes my remarks, and I'll turn this call back over to Heather.
John D. Sheehan: As you can see on slide 27, the combined company would benefit from a significantly enhanced financial profile which would support continued growth and value creation. Strong profitability would drive substantial cash flow generation and support deleveraging as well as continued investment in new business development and R&D. As a result we expect to maintain our investment grade credit rating after the transaction closes. With the addition of Perrigo we would create an even stronger, larger and more diverse platform with about $15.3 billion of pro forma revenues in 2014. Importantly, the acquisition of Perrigo would be accretive to adjusted EPS on a fully-synergized basis. Our strong balance sheet would enable the combined company to remain forward looking and able to continue to pursue expansion through business development and acquisitions. Furthermore, there would be significant opportunity for meaningful growth, given the strength of the combined businesses' rich pipeline of launches and opportunities to mean more to customers across business lines. Now I'll turn the call back over to Heather to walk through this compelling transaction.
John D. Sheehan: So, Gregg, I'll take the ROIC one, and early on the call here, we indicated that the Irish Takeover Laws limited the amount of forward information we could provide, and so that's one that at this time we aren't going into detail on.
John D. Sheehan: No, Jami – so, Jami, our European business, if you will, let's call it the Mylan legacy or Mylan base business in Europe grew mid-single digits in the first quarter year-over-year. So we can go through – on a constant currency basis. So we can go through the math together. But that business absolutely grew in the first quarter.
John D. Sheehan: So, yeah. The Abbott business – let's not call it the Abbott business. The Mylan EPD Business is a global business, including in Australia, Japan, Canada and then the European business. Certainly, Europe is the largest, but very nice presence in all those other markets. And business is being reported in each of our geographic regions.
John D. Sheehan: Yeah, Ronny, regarding the EPD Business, first of all, just a reminder that the EPD Business is only part of the first quarter results for one month as we didn't close the transaction until the end of May – end of February, sorry. And when you look at the impact of that one month in North America, the revenues are not really materially – the revenue growth is not materially impacted by the addition of the EPD Business. I indicated in Europe that the base business grew mid-single digits. And in the Rest of World region, which includes the Australian and Japanese operations, the base business and then the EPD Business contributed about equally to the growth.
John D. Sheehan: Sure, David, absolutely. So with respect to the second half of the year, I did indicate in our year-end earnings call back on March 2 that the third quarter of the year would be the strongest of the year. I also indicated that the fourth quarter would be stronger than the second quarter. So I think that the year is developing exactly as we had anticipated it would be. There are certainly new product approvals that we anticipate for the second half of the year. We will have the addition of the EPD Business in the second half full – fully consolidated in the second half of the year. And we're really excited here from the initial performance in the first quarter and into the first month of the second quarter. So I think all of those things will contribute to a very strong second half of the year for our business. And was there a second...
John D. Sheehan: Yeah. And then lastly, Marc, on your question on Rest of World, what I was trying to say was that Rest of World, as we reported, grew on a constant currency basis by 12% year-over-year and that, that contribution was more or less split evenly between the base Mylan business as well as in the EPD business.
