Robert J. Coury: Thank you, Kris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I would like to welcome our employees around the world to the call and thank them for their unwavering dedication, hard work and focus, which is what makes our consistently strong results possible. I would also like to welcome any Perrigo and Omega employees listening in today. We certainly look forward to welcoming all of you to the Mylan family soon, as we have never been more confident in completing what we believe will be a very successful tender offer. In addition, I would like to say a special hello to the Perrigo employees in Israel today. We are very excited to have now received approval to dual-list on the Tel Aviv Exchange and to finally have the opportunity to acquaint ourselves more closely with Israel, Israeli investors and Perrigo Israeli employees. Before I turn the call over to Heather, Rajiv and John, who have a lot to cover today, I would like to make a couple of points regarding our offer for Perrigo and to clear out some of the possible misinformation. First, the notion conveyed by Perrigo that the Mylan offer is a bad deal for Perrigo shareholders is simply preposterous and disingenuous. We will show once again today with math using Perrigo's own updated numbers that this is a substantial and compelling offer to Perrigo's shareholders. Let me also simply highlight that Perrigo themselves have left their own shareholders no other options except to rely on non-strategic measures, such as cost cuts as well as the hope that they will trade at a very high PE multiple at a time when multiples have been completely reset throughout the industry, in order to generate their stand-alone long-term shareholder value. This strategy is flawed and simply will not produce sustainable growth over the longer term and in sharp contrast to Mylan's well-established long-term strategy and exceptional operational performance that you will hear more about today. With that said, as you will see later, it really doesn't matter which unrealistic multiple Perrigo wants to apply to itself because the immediate and significant earnings accretion to be realized by the Perrigo shareholders, which is potentially in excess of 80%, speaks for itself. If Perrigo is correct, and the math doesn't lie, then you will see that the math will speak loudly in favor Mylan's offer. Here is just one clear example of how the math alone will demonstrate the compelling value of the Mylan offer. Perrigo has recently projected its maximum stand-alone earnings capability for 2016 to be at $9.45, including the completion of a $500 million share buyback by year end. What they haven't told you and what we will demonstrate using Perrigo's own math is that Perrigo's shareholders have the opportunity to earn $16.48 in 2016 if they simply accept Mylan's offer and reinvest the $75 in cash back into Mylan stock at the current share price. Even if you accept the premise that Perrigo can achieve a forward 16 times PE multiple without our offer, their stock will still only be trading in the $150 range. In comparison, what we will show today is that our combined earnings after reinvesting the $75 in cash would be worth approximately $200 per share using only a 12 times multiple, which I believe will only increase over time. This substantial value is also in sharp contrast when you also consider the potential downside in Perrigo's stock should Mylan not receive the greater of 50% of acceptances by 8 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on November 13. With this immediate and substantial accretion offer by our proposal to the Perrigo shareholders, this is anything but a bad deal for Perrigo. Therefore, in order to realize this immediate and significant value, you should tender your shares by the close of November 12 or risk losing this offer. Lastly, with the October 23 deadline, which has now passed, for Perrigo to make material announcements, I did reach out to Joe Papa this past weekend and again offered to sit down with them so that we can plan with our management teams, as responsible leaders should, and bring in our two great companies together. We filed this communication this morning with the SEC. I also made it clear that I will be open to discussing corporate governance as part of this conversation with the aim of coming to a negotiated transaction. Unfortunately, Joe once again rebuffed my offer and missed the opportunity to discuss his thoughts on this matter. As I have said in my meetings with shareholders, I am very open to a conversation about corporate governance with the Mylan Perrigo combination and will continue to maintain an active dialogue with shareholders on this matter. With that, let me turn the call over to Heather.
Robert J. Coury: Thanks for the question, Ronny. Rajiv, let me take that first and then you can take the other two. Look, Ronny, I don't want to be discussing corporate governance in a vacuum. I think it's appropriate when you look at this new combined entity, its profile, its size and scale, what this new profile will be on a going-forward basis. I think it's very important rather than do this in a vacuum or on our own, I think it's very important that two boards come together and discuss this matter openly. I think it should be discussed with shareholders. Certainly, I would speak to Mylan shareholders. Let me remind you that this corporate governance has been voted in by the Mylan shareholders. And I will always be open. With that said, this is really about the Perrigo transaction right now, but I will always be open with both the Mylan and Perrigo shareholders on an ongoing basis. And all the type of governance changes that you've outlined, I will absolutely be open to all of those things with a good discussion. I believe, first, we need to deal with the Perrigo and the Perrigo potential transaction because I think, again, Ronny, a lot of this is a big red herring. I truly believe it's much more of an excuse that's being used right now than the realities. We are a public company. A company that's a public company is for sale every single day. That's what a public company is. We, as a board, we've made our position abundantly clear that we would not hold this company back. There has been several types of transactions I have mentioned that we would be open for, both in value and in structure, and especially transactions that would accelerate the mission and strategy of the company while delivering value for shareholders. So I want you to understand because I know this is something that you've heard about, something that you've, I'm certain we're going to have a lot more discussions about, but I can't be any more transparent. Let's not use this as an (70:15). So in a way to take it off the table, why I mentioned this morning, why I reached out to Joe after I saw that he left the shareholders no other alternative than to rely on some high P/E multiple. I'm giving him and the Board of Directors an opportunity to have dialogue. I will invite their board members to participate in any questions or considerations on a going-forward basis and I will also invite their board members to come on the board and represent the Perrigo side, the Perrigo shareholders. So let's not use corporate governance in the place of the real value proposition that 80%-plus accretion that we're given to the Perrigo's shareholder. So let me leave it at that. And, Rajiv, you can address both the ....
Robert J. Coury: In terms of the corporate governance, again, I don't think there should be any limitations when you have an open dialogue with your shareholders, or, in this case, with Perrigo and Perrigo's board. I don't think there should be any limitations if you really are open to have a discussion about corporate governance as a whole.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure. Thank you, Marc. I'll start with your last point. I can't disagree with your math. As far as EpiPen, I guess a couple of things. As far as inventories are concerned, we have not – and I think I had mentioned actually on last quarter as well, we have not seen any irregular things happening or our customers selling beyond because they were anticipating a Teva launch. I think that there had not been any commentary about Teva coming into the market and, obviously, they've now clarified yesterday that it won't be at least till the second half of 2016. So our inventory levels were running due course. There were no issues there, as I mentioned. There was a little softness in the overall epinephrine market in the third quarter. But as you know, we continue to see double-digit growth year-over-year and so the comparable had been very high. With that being said, we've still seen EpiPen grow in volume year-to-date. And as far as all of the recent events, I would say that our dynamic with the payers will stay just that, I think very dynamic. As I've noted throughout this year, we have been very proactive and competitive to maintain our market share. Obviously, in light of some of the recent developments, I think that we'll continue to have opportunities to improve that situation because it's not as competitive as it was. So as happens in this space, the competition landscapes can change very rapidly and I think our ability to first and most importantly be there for the patient and the safety issue. And we have been very closely monitoring and assisting to make sure patients can get the scripts of EpiPen so they're not going without product. So I would say all-in-all, as I mentioned in my commentary, the runway looks very bright and I think the future of the EpiPen franchise is just going to be one that's got a lot of brand equity and a lot of sustainability, too.
Heather M. Bresch: Yeah, Sumant. As I was explaining about Perrigo, their challenge is sustainable growth on a stand-alone basis. So we've continued to say they have a good solid business. It's just when put with the Mylan and brought together with the Mylan entity, our ability of how we approach customers, of how we leverage the platform in Europe, how we can then broaden and go to other geographies with the assets we've put together is what we continue to show, not to mention the at least $800 million of synergies that we think we'll be able to get out of the combined platform. So it's really just bringing the scale together and being able to leverage these complementary platforms that 1 plus 1 equals more than 3 or 4. And that's what, as we've said, our history and our track record has shown that we've continued to be able to do that with those transactions. I'd say as far as business development opportunities, yes, we've said we'll focus on the OTC channel in continuing to go about and enhance that platform. Obviously, Perrigo accelerates that. But we're interested in building and we believe there's great product opportunities in other assets out there that would let us continue to build the OTC, both in the U.S. as well as Rest of World. And as we've said before, we continue to believe there's dosage forms, therapeutic categories that we still don't have critical mass in. As we added the injectable platform as an important bolus and opportunity for us to gain critical mass in that area, we believe that we've got other areas, such as ophthalmics, that we can continue to bolt-on and really leverage our global commercial platform.
Heather M. Bresch: And I guess just as a practical note I would add on the EPD business, as we stated when we acquired that business, Abbott themselves had forecasted it to be a declining business. And we had believed that, in our hands, we would be able to focus on investment to make that flat to slightly growing. And I think what we've seen and reported today is just that we continued to exceed those expectations. That business has done very well integrated into the Mylan legacy European platform. So we're proud to say that we're ahead of schedule and continue to see a lot of, not only great cash flows associated with the business, but they're really complementary in nature to the retail pharmacy channel that we already had our legacy business in.
John D. Sheehan: Yeah. Thanks, Gregg. With respect to gross margin, I guess I would start by pointing out that since 2010 our gross margins have increased from 45% up to the high end of the guidance range that we indicated we would be at this year of 55%. So the gross margins have been sustained. They have steadily increased over the last five, six years. We've done that with, most importantly from my perspective, a best-in-class operating platform which has been driving annual cost reductions in our product portfolio, the vertical integration that we have in that operating platform, the very strong integration of API, our own API, into our products. It also has been driven by the positive pricing environment that we've seen, especially over the last couple of years in North America. And, yeah, I would agree that EPD has been a portion of the increase that we've seen this year in 2015. But to your question of sustainability on a going-forward basis, I would say that what we've demonstrated over the last five years, I see that continued to be sustainable, especially as we continue to add complex new products like generic Advair and our biologics products.
John D. Sheehan: And then the only other thing I would add is a sustainable cash flow business versus a business that is struggling to grow, I do believe that what we bring to Perrigo is an immediate protection of the downside that we can forecast that we see in their stand-alone business. You cannot ask shareholders to rely on delusional high P/E multiples in order to deliver growth. You must rely on your own capability of producing earnings growth and leave it up to the Street to decide ultimately what P/E multiple and, in particular, platform or profile it deserves.
John D. Sheehan: And I would just close by saying that similar to the last question regarding margin, that the North America increase in margin is the combination of both, as I said, a positive pricing environment, but just as importantly, the cost reductions that our global operating platform has been able to achieve.
John D. Sheehan: Yeah, so on the question of the EPD revenues without being on a constant currency basis, you certainly know that the euro has weakened substantially against the U.S. dollar over the last year. And you also know we didn't own the EPD business last year, so that it wasn't included in our revenue. So I would just say that the EPD business revenues on an actual value as expressed in U.S. dollars are down year-over-year. But, again, it wasn't in our numbers, so it's not necessarily a relevant point. I guess I'll just also hit, Heather, the purchase accounting amortization. When we make an acquisition, U.S. GAAP requires the allocation of the purchase price to the value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and the intangible assets are then amortized. That's a non-cash amortization charge which had been a consistent adjustment that we've made associated with our adjustments from GAAP to adjusted earnings. And lastly, the financing charges, those represent the costs associated with the refinancing of our capital, our balance sheet, including the committed bridge loan that we have in place associated with our Perrigo tender offer.
John D. Sheehan: No, I can confirm to you that it was not. It had nothing to do with that. It relates to the integration of our EPD business in Europe and was, as I indicated, a one-time payment associated with the bringing of the EPD business into Mylan. So, with that, I'd just like to close the call by saying thank you to all the participants. I think that the slides that we reviewed with you today will be available on the Mylan website. We think they produce a clear and compelling case for the value proposition that we're making to the Perrigo shareholders. And we would be pleased to continue to engage with you on the subject. Thanks very much, operator. And you can close the call.
