Heather Bresch: Thanks, Kris, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Mylan's performance during the first quarter marked a great start to the year. On the top line, we delivered revenues of $1.72 billion, a year-over-year increase of 7% on a constant currency basis. On the bottom line, we delivered $0.66 per adjusted diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 6% slightly exceeding our expectations. We delivered this strong performance, despite ongoing regulatory delays, once again leveraging our current assets and strong demand for our products around the globe. Mylan's ability to consistently deliver strong results reflects the unwavering dedication of our employees around the world. And on behalf of the board and our entire management team, I'd like to thank them and congratulate them on a job well done. Now I'd like to walk you through the commercial performance of our businesses. In our Generics segment, we delivered revenues of $1.51 billion, a 10% increase on a constant currency basis compared to the first quarter of 2013. In our North American region, revenues totaled $782 million, up 7% year-over-year. As stated earlier, the strong performance was the result of our ability to continue optimizing our existing assets, thereby offsetting continued regulatory delays at the FDA. With that said, we're extremely pleased with our most recent delayed approval of XULANE, which we launched last month. This complex product is a first-to-market, generic contraceptive transdermal, for which Mylan was the only known filer. In Europe, we delivered $356 million in revenues during the first quarter, a constant currency decline of 2% that was driven largely by a comparatively mild winter season for flu and other seasonal infection. Even so, we continue to see encouraging trends across the region. Our sales growth outpaced market growth in our key European markets. And in addition, we continue to anticipate year-over-year growth in Europe in 2014. In our Rest of World region, revenues totaled $370 million, an increase of nearly 27% on a constant currency basis. This outstanding performance was fueled by India, which serves as both our operational hub and the engine behind our global antiretroviral franchise. During the first quarter, we also launched a critical care franchise in India, our fourth commercial line, as well as Hertraz, our first biologic product. Our business in Japan continued to deliver strong performance during the quarter, which marked the beginning of the second year of our collaboration with Pfizer. In our Specialty segment, first quarter revenues totaled $195 million, an 8% decline versus a year ago. The decrease was predominantly due to a reduction of inventory at the wholesale level. We have regained market share and also expect double-digit growth in 2014, both for the market and for EpiPen and remain on track for it to be -- for it to become our first billion-dollar product. As far as our long-awaited approval of generic naproxen is concerned, we remain in communication with the agency. And at this juncture, we are unaware of any outstanding scientific issues. However, there are continued processes occurring within the FDA that we believe could impact the earliest market formation date of patent expiry of May 24. With that said, we believe that the prudent course is to not include it in our second quarter guidance, and we continue to look forward to being able to launch this very important first generic product for multiple sclerosis patients at market formation. We are reaffirming our full year guidance ranges, including adjusted diluted EPS in the range of $3.25 to $3.60. As we stated before, this is irrespective of any one approval. With respect to M&A, as we have stated in the past, we continue to be very active in exploring a number of potential transactions. And we remain confident that we will be in a position to execute on a substantial one by year end. With that, I look forward to answering your questions and to seeing you during our upcoming Investor Day this summer. I'll now turn the call over to Rajiv.
Heather Bresch: Okay, Doug, thanks. Look, I'm not going to discuss any particular transaction. But what I will say is, we have been extremely active. And as we've said before, it's certainly not driven on inversion or synergy, that those may be a by-product, but very much driven on complementary, strategic assets to our current platform. And certainly, when you look at assets like a Meda, you can understand from a European -- extending our commercial reach, the portfolio. So I will tell you that there is -- that's just one of many that are out there that we believe would be very complementary to our platform. And I will tell you, we're very busy looking at all of them.
Heather Bresch: Yes, thank you. We see no legal hurdles. This is totally regulatory and administrative. I think that what we've been seeing with the agency is a delay. I mean, our ORTHO EVRA is a prime example of an important first generic that was delayed a bit. So we just wanted to point out that we see these processes. I can tell you that we are working diligently to hold -- to make the May 24 date happen. But I certainly want to clarify, there's been no event or anything. We -- as I mentioned in my remarks, we -- there's no -- unaware of any scientific issues. This is procedural and that we're looking very forward to bringing this important product to the market at market formation.
Heather Bresch: No. Look, I mean, I think hopefully you can appreciate there's a lot of sensitivity around any transaction. And so, certainly, we would be giving updates as we see appropriate. I just -- like I said, we'll reiterate that we are actively looking at several different assets.
Heather Bresch: Yes. I think we have said that we'll stay within the parameters we've outlined, which allows us to do a fairly significant transaction. And again, and obviously, we've also said we are willing to put our equity to work.
Heather Bresch: All right. Well, I'll obviously start with Teva. Look, I won't -- I know Teva's call was this morning and I won't try to pretend that I can necessarily connect the dots they tried to put out there. And I would say they have their track record for at-risk launch and so do we. So I would say that as we think about this, what I can tell you is, we're not characterizing the launch. Right now, I'll remind everyone that the ruling that stands is that their patent has been found invalid. And that patent office rejected now for a second time their reissue patent. And again, we continue to look forward to bringing this very important product at market formation. So as I turn now to M&A, because as we've continued to say, we're not about one product and our ranges and our guidance is not predicated on any one product. I would tell you, Jami, we're, like I said, very actively looking at many different assets out there. And I think that when you think about the parameters that we put out there, from a financial perspective, as well as being accretive, I think that you'd see Mylan -- our track record has been to be very diligent and very methodical about our transactions, not just a transaction for transaction's sake. I think that when you look at how we've continued to build the platform and now have the organic opportunities that we have and now with the substantial financial flexibility, both with capital, as well as with equity and the size of transaction we could do, I think that our patience and doing the right transaction has continued to pay off and will pay off for us this year. And I think that we see several different opportunities that we believe -- that's why we say confidently, we believe that we'll be able to execute on something by the end of the year.
Heather Bresch: Yes. So I would say on product portfolio, it's both. If you look at our Agila transaction, which gave us critical mass around injectable product portfolio and pipeline which, as we've stated, [indiscernible] positions us to become a leader in that category. So when we look at opportunity, it could be both complementary across geographies or concentrated. And I think that, again, this just gets back to our initial strategy, which is to be complementary with assets that build upon the platform that we have today. And as I've stated before, I think that there are still opportunities out there for some product categories that we're not in today. There are therapeutic categories out there, whether it be antibiotics or ophthalmics, things that we still believe that we have runway to add to our portfolio. And yes, we've seen, obviously, several of these established product businesses being discussed and absolutely believe that they would be, again, something that would be very complementary in nature, both from a geography perspective, expansion, as well as product portfolio.
Heather Bresch: Oh, Europe. So like I said, I continue to be encouraged by the trend that we're seeing. Given the mild winter, the entire pharmaceutical industry, the growth was down in Europe. But in our key markets, France, Italy, we outpaced that growth for Q1. And as I've said, we continue to see Europe delivering growth year-over-year for 2014. I'm continuing to see generic utilization kind of tick up slowly in these countries, especially France, Italy, our largest markets, to your point. So from our perspective, our vertical integration, our supply chain, has really been able to continue to kick in giving us very competitive cost of goods, controlling our own destiny through our own supply chain, as well as being able to continue to see volume growth offsetting some of the competitiveness in some of the countries. So I'm still very positive on Europe and continue to be favorable to the trends we're seeing there.
Heather Bresch: Well, I believe that's a very, very hypothetical that the FDA is not going to approve any products. I think just like I said, that's why I mentioned our ORTHO EVRA important approval that we just received. So far, we're seeing some delays. I certainly don't see the agency as being shut down. And we have continued to work closely, obviously very much on first -- important first market, generic entry. Those are very important dates for the Office of Generic Drugs. That's very important date for the U.S. health care system, as well as patients out there. So I certainly don't concede that no -- none of these products are going to be approved. And I -- as we stated, our range both for our quarter and the year is not dependent on any one approval. So I think that FDA will continue to transform itself administratively. And during this transformation, we are seeing some delays, but I think that -- time will continue to kind of course-correct. And again, I think that this is nothing more than a bit of a timing issue.
Heather Bresch: So let me first say, we absolutely don't see this specific to Mylan and not even necessarily a delay, Randall. We're trying to be prudent. And as I said, what we've done with our guidance but I will tell you, we're still actively working towards May 24, and regardless, believe that Mylan will certainly be there at market formation. Towards the second half of the year, what I would say are a couple of things. Obviously, our seasonality with EpiPen -- which over the last several years has continued to give Q3 usually one of our largest quarters. And then, on top of that, because of these delays that we've seen in these approvals, we have some approvals that certainly will be pushed out and falling into the second half of the year. So I think that there's some normality to the fact that our second half of the year has been historically larger. And I think this year, it could be even accentuated by the fact that some of these important launches will be happening now in the second half of the year.
Heather Bresch: Okay. So first, as I've continued to state, it's not -- our second half of the year is not dictated by any one approval. Again, I'd remind you that EpiPen, seasonally, Q3, is our largest quarter for it. So as that product continues to grow, obviously, that continues to be a significant driver in the second half of the year. Additionally, yes, while we have important launches happening in the United States, we also have many, many launches happening throughout the rest of the world. Throughout Europe, we have some big launches in the second half of the year. So again, it's not dictated by any one geography or any one product. We have a lot of moving pieces, a lot of opportunities that we're going to be able to bring to the market throughout the rest of this year. And I'll let John comment but we don't break out our businesses, and Agila's now fully integrated.
Heather Bresch: Okay. Thank you. So as far as the customer consolidation, as we've said before, we see it actually as a real win-win because as we see our customers taking on a more global footprint, we believe that there's very few companies that can supply a true reliable supply of products. And so I would say the most important thing to our customers today is the guaranteed supply, a certainty around that products are going to be there when they need them. And I think Mylan has a very -- a great track record of being able to supply. And again, as we continue to vertically integrate our product portfolio, we're now making or producing 80% of what we're selling. So I think Mylan's control around its global supply chain is certainly, I would say, at the forefront of a customer's concerns and what they're interested in. And we've been able to set up great global arrangements that are able to give certainty around supply. As far as Copaxone and the device, I don't know, Rajiv...
Heather Bresch: Okay, I'll start with the inventory reduction on Specialty. I -- we really had seen what was really compounded by the fact of the 2 very cold and long winters that actually this one, this most recent one predicated just some different buying patterns from our wholesalers. So we believe that, that is what the -- what we saw happen in Q1. As far as what we're seeing today, I can tell you, I'm very happy with the market growth, double-digit market growth, that we continue to see year-over-year and the market share that we've been able to regain with EpiPen. So again, we remain very bullish on EpiPen, I think, that we've got still tremendous opportunity there for the rest of this year. As well as pricing, John, anything on the stability? We continue to see stability really across our entire generic line on pricing.
Heather Bresch: And then, lastly on your transaction point. I think is, again, as you know, our personality, we will certainly talk about a transaction when we feel it's warranted or at the appropriate time. And until then, like I said, I'll just reiterate that we are actively working on many different fronts.
Heather Bresch: And as far as Copaxone. So look, I'll remind again because you're correct, the Federal -- what's the ruling that stands at the moment is that their patent has been found invalid and that the patent office, as I said, now for a second time has rejected their reissue patent. As far as what's before the Supreme Court, I also think there's some confusion there, maybe not by accident. But Teva -- the question that Teva posed before the U.S. Supreme Court was whether a District Court's factual finding in support of its construction of a patent claim term may be reviewed for legal error as the Federal Circuit requires or only for clear factual errors. So it's really just that, that's a question before the U.S. Supreme Court, not the validity or invalidity of their patent. We know the U.S. Supreme Court can do whatever the U.S. Supreme Court wants to do. But again, that's not the question that Teva posed before the court. It's really what's the -- what's the standard that's before the court between the district and the federal court level. And the odds are that if there was a -- if they changed that, that it could get remanded. And I think to now jump from that to saying, if it got remanded, and what does that court case look like, and we're now years down the road, but I think it's way premature to be talking about what that would mean from a court perspective. And as I said, we're not characterizing the launch. So again, we look very forward to bringing this mark -- this product to market at market formation and hope that will be, if not May 24, as close to that as it possibly can be.
Heather Bresch: Look, Tim, as you might imagine, we look at everything and take very seriously and, like I said, have obviously a long history of launching products. And at the time of approval, we'll take all those same factors into consideration. But obviously, we have said that we look forward to being there at market formation.
Heather Bresch: I can assure you, we are -- if there's another word beyond active that we -- I could underscore our interactions with the agency, so yes. I will tell you that we are having very active conversations on obviously many fronts. We have many important products that are pending approval. Lidoderm being one of them, Vivelle-Dot. So we've got a lot of great opportunities that we believe that we'll continue to bring throughout this year.
Heather Bresch: Yes, sure. Yes, as I've said, we're looking forward to EpiPen being our first billion-dollar product this year. And as far as Antares' amendment, our settlement requires them to get their product approved, to come to market. So what I've continued to say is I believe that's a very high barrier to market to get a substitutable product approved. They certainly could have -- they could certainly be going the 505(b)(2) path, which is what every other person who's filed now on -- in this anaphylaxis space has had to do. So whether or not that what Antares' amendment relates to, I can't say. But like I said, I continue to say it's a very high barrier to be a substitutable product.
John D. Sheehan: And also that I'm really pleased to be able to tell you, David, that the growth in the Rest of World in the first quarter was not the result of Agila. It was the result of our strong antiretroviral franchise in India. The -- our Agila business is reported in each of our commercial markets around the world as the Agila products are sold in those markets. So the Rest of World is really primarily organic growth.
John D. Sheehan: Yes, I mean, the Rest of World pricing has been very stable. And we have not seen any hypercompetitive pricing there at all. So it's a very stable market for us.
John D. Sheehan: So I'll start, Elliott, on your question regarding return on invested capital and M&A. Number one is that you're aware that return on invested capital is an important internal management metric that we use. Our long-term incentive plan, one of the performance metrics under our long-term incentive plan is ROIC. So that management is incented and is very focused on that metric. When you look at our history, our ROIC actually has been double-digits. And we've generated that ROIC on the back of the acquisitions we've made to date. And I'm comfortable and very confident that with the acquisitions that we're currently looking at that we'll continue that track record and that our return on invested capital will not only be above the weighted average cost of capital of the company, but also double-digit.
Rajiv Malik: I'll only add that our delivery device, which is an auto-injector, is not only comparable, but I think more patient-friendly. So I found that the same -- more on that.
Rajiv Malik: As Heather has mentioned in our prepared remarks that there are no unanswered scientific questions. So whatever complete response letter we have received last year has been responded well in time. And is behind us.
Rajiv Malik: On generic Advair, we continue to execute on every milestone which we have in front of us and bringing this product to the market as we have shared with you in our Investor Day.
