Heather Bresch: Sure. So Marc, I'll start with the U.S. So I guess I'd like to first start off by saying against our estimates, our U.S. business performed right in line with where we thought it would be. So while we absolutely had a significant amount of launches that we forecasted and projected at the beginning of the year, that '12 would be a great year for our U.S. Generics business. I think that if you look at the timing of the launches throughout the quarters, and some of that pull-through even from launches we had earlier in the year, so all I can tell you is that absolutely performed in line with where we thought it would. We think it still is showing strength in the base business as well as our continued launches that we have for the remainder of the year. So from our perspective, U.S. business, hitting on all cylinders. Europe profitability, I think as we have talked about in the past that we constantly, through this entire macroeconomic situation throughout Europe, have balanced our top and bottom line growth. You've heard me quarter after quarter coming and saying we weren't going to chase the bottom, that there's been irrational behavior and that we would continue to hold steady and control what we can control. So in this period of time, we've done just that. We've continued to increase the profitability around our cost of goods by continuing to vertically integrate and be 100% responsible for our global supply chain. We've continued to make sure that we're structured in the right way with some of the evolving businesses and as they are continuing to change in the different countries. And I think most importantly, and why I wanted to point out in my script, that in all the countries we're doing business, we see an increase in generic conversion. And I think that should be the brightest spot of all because what it shows is that governments very much are beginning to recognize the long-term sustainability that generic utilization brings versus a onetime price cut. So we've seen additional initiatives in Italy, we've seen additional initiatives in France that are bringing those back up. So from my perspective, we certainly have always maintained the need to balance profitable and revenues. I think that our results this quarter are paying off from how we're operating our business in Europe. And lastly, on the Institutional side, in February, we showed our Institutional business being an important strategic growth driver for us. We are continuing to invest in that business. We have numerous launches. We're continuing to very much accelerate our own internal R&D pipeline around this businesses globally. So all I can say is that we certainly are continuing to invest and continue to see this as a very important growth driver for us in the future.
Heather Bresch: Okay, sure. So look, I think to your first question, hopefully you see that as our continued commitment to be transparent. When I -- what I spoke of in my opening remarks was a combination, if you'll remember. I said of us continuing to execute on our existing platform, continuing to execute against the growth drivers we pointed out. And then obviously, the last point was to looking at ways that we're going to use our increased financial flexibility. And I think, as you have seen, that has been a combination, and I think it will continue to be. There's a lot of ways to increase shareholder value, and I think what you can rely on is that we're looking at all of them. And we certainly are looking at any and all compelling acquisitions that would allow us to continue to deliver or accelerate the trajectory that we're already on. I mean, when you look at what we have put out there with our own assets at this time, a 15% CAGR in 2018 is an impressive growth target out there. And I think that as -- this financial flexibility just gives us all that much more ability to accelerate not only that growth but, like I said, in many different ways. As far as Japan goes, look, I think it's an unprecedented deal in our industry. I think it truly does take the core competencies of both of our organizations, and we believe that 1 plus 1 will equal 3-plus. It's about really leveraging the scale and scope and the quality of what we both bring to the table. So while we don't get into putting numbers out there around individual countries, I think you certainly can expect that we believe that this is accretive to our current stand-alone Generics business as well as accretive to their stand-alone Generics business, and that's why the rationale of this deal made all the sense in the world. And I very much believe that it could be a model in other countries where the troops on the ground are important, the brand is important, but having the breadth and the quality of a pipeline is equally as important. And that's where this makes all the sense in the world and very much could make sense in other countries as we move forward.
Heather Bresch: Okay, sure. Thank you, Shibani. As far as acquisitions go, I think as we've laid out, certainly we don't do any acquisition just to do an acquisition and have not had a gun to our head to do an acquisition. I think what you hear us saying is that we continue to now generate significant free cash flows and have increased flexibility and are looking at all compelling acquisitions. And that could be anything that to be complementary to our current platform. So whether you look at the Specialty side, geographies, dosage form, therapeutic categories -- I mean, we have a voluminous number of different ways to continue to accelerate this growth trajectory and we're looking at all of them, as well as in combination to share repurchasing programs. I mean, I think that the great news is when you look at the kind of cash we have on hand, we have a lot of different ways to get at least to that $6 in 2018 and continuing to show that kind of growth year-over-year that we've, I think, now, hopefully, have shown that track record of producing year-over-year. So like I said, you're right, we're not just looking at a transaction for transaction's sake, but we certainly are in a position to be looking at all the compelling ones. And as far as your product question, yes, it was a good launch for us. But as you know, we're well beyond any single product launches, especially one of that size. I can tell you we executed on it. And it's just one of many that we've had this year and will have over the next several. Okay, thank you.
Heather Bresch: Sure. Thanks, Greg. So look, I think as far as Europe is concerned, we have seen continued improvement, and we don't really foresee that stopping. I mean, quite honestly, I think that when you compare everything, as I said, conversion rates increasing, our leadership position in our most important countries, I think, where we see -- obviously still see competitive pressures -- but see that volume offsetting that. Those are all the kind of things that certainly, we, from our measurements and what we're looking for, is important. And we start to see all 3 of those things hitting, and, like I said, we do foresee that continuing. So that's kind of is as far as I'm willing to go with my crystal ball. But I can tell you we're excited about the direction Europe is moving and see that continuing. As far as WELLBUTRIN, look, I think that it's very important to understand that this is a one-off issue and it really does not speak to the generic industry. I will say it speaks to the pharmaceutical industry overall. As you know, from time to time, as FDA continues to gather data and look at data, there are times where they've taken brand products off the market as well as changing guidelines and changing specs. So this is something that's constantly going on within the FDA in looking and working with companies. I think in this particular instance, it was certainly related to patient safety. FDA made a judgment call years ago around the 300 milligram. And when -- the data today that they're looking at has caused them to get to a different place. Certainly, we don't see this impacting our product and believe this was certainly in relation to just one in particular formulation. So I would tell you that our industry is alive and well, and I don't really see this having any impact on that whatsoever. Thank you.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So I'll start with Endo's comments. I guess what I would say, not only do I not agree with them, I have to believe that their credibility should be extremely tarnished at this point. I mean, they said all the exact same things about Watson -- Watson was never going to be able to get their approval. They had all kinds of issues. And certainly, Endo was proven to be wrong. I think when you look at Endo trying to stress that based on their experience and expertise in this development, this is not their product. They have end-licensed it. So I think to talk about what kind of science is out there and who has the capability, I can assure you we are manufacturing and developing our own product, and I believe we do have the expertise and the track record with FDA to know and to be able to guide you guys, as we have been, about what we're capable of doing. So I -- that's what I would say about Endo's comments. And we absolutely continue to see this as a possible opportunity in the second half of the year. As you know, FDA historically doesn't make exclusivity decisions until they have to. And so we maintain our ability to get this product approved in 2013 and be able to manufacture the quantities needed. And like I said, we still absolutely believe we have the potential for this to be upside second half of '13. So thank you.
Heather Bresch: So look, quickly on the acquisition, here's what I would say. I mean, Chris, obviously, we came out to a commitment with the Street over the last several years that we were going to be deleveraging and executing on the assets that we had. And I think that, that's what I think this quarter culminates in that activity, one showing what this platform can produce while at the same time accelerating our deleveraging capability. So certainly, what we're in a position now to do is definitely of size and scope. And as I said, I'll just revert back to saying a very compelling -- there's a lot of compelling opportunities out there, and we're looking at all of them. And just quickly on the environment in Europe. I guess what I would say is we've always stressed the profitability as well as market share, as well as revenue growth and balanced all of that. I can't speak to other companies perhaps being as balanced as in their commentary around Europe, but that's why I wanted to stress that I think that has definitely paid off for us not only to maintain leadership position but be able to execute and control what we can. And we see that now, especially for our business in Europe, turning that corner.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So first, I'd like to say that they -- that Sanofi has said they're not launching until 2013. But anyway, as far as it relates to -- look, I think when you have got a leadership position, like we do, at 98% of the market, our ability to build on that brand equity and make sure that we're continuing to stress the tried and true nature of EPIPEN, being around for over 20 years, delivering over 40 million scripts, and that's what -- that is our position in the marketplace. And as we've said before, another competitor coming to market in a sense then is just shared voice and increasing that awareness. I think that when you look at the -- what we have been doing to increase that awareness, as I said in my remarks, it's been paying off. We've now gone from where 7% of the people at-risk to now 10% of the people at-risk with an EPIPEN. So obviously, we still see tremendous growth and opportunity for this franchise and the disease state overall. So look, we're excited about EPIPEN, still have a lot that we're executing on and will be continuing to do so. Thank you.
Heather Bresch: Let me -- I'll quickly take the North America question. Look, I think that what we've continued to stress is that we're not about any 1 country, 1 product. It is about literally being able to optimize and leverage the -- our global scale and platform in every country we do business in, the United States not being any different. We have tremendous opportunities from our existing base business, the launches we did have this year, coupled with the launches we have next year. I mean over the last 5 years, we've not had the same number of launches every year, but we certainly have been able to show a trajectory and, like I said, we see that continuing. As for our respiratory business, Rajiv, do you want to...
Heather Bresch: Ken, what I would say is as I -- hopefully, everyone has heard me now loud and clear on this call is that we certainly believe that there are many compelling opportunities out there and we're looking at all of them. And just believe that we've got a lot of ability to bring in a lot of different complementary assets to this business in this existing platform that we have. And I'd say that's what I have to say.
Heather Bresch: Well, Michael, I can assure you, we look at many, many, many parameters when looking at the sources and use of capital. And I can tell you that we have been doing that, and certainly, for any acquisitions, we'll be doing that going forward. Depending on what part of whether the platform, what kind of a transaction it is, what that contribution means, both near, medium and long term, I mean, all these things are taken into consideration as we compare them with other uses of capital. So I would say I would rest assured that we look at many, many different parameters and have many different things internally that we take into consideration.
Heather Bresch: Thanks, Randall. As far as for detailed opportunities in 2013, I think, as we mentioned earlier, we'll be coming to you with that in February. I mean, I think, obviously, there are some very -- there's already a lot of public news out there around the opportunities that we have in 2013. But we certainly will be highlighting those more in February. And what was...
Heather Bresch: Oh, the -- here's what I would say. When you look at where our strengths lie -- solid oral dosage, extended release, patch technology -- I think we can continue to see an injectable space, that, that would be an area that we can continue to further increase therapeutic categories that we're in and so forth. Topicals, dermatologics, that's an area that we certainly could look and, obviously, where we've already investing in the respiratory. So I would think it's not even so much a matter of areas that we're not in at all but areas, again, that we can look to accelerate those positions and our positions within the U.S. marketplace. All right, well, thank you, everybody, for the call, and we look forward to talking to you in February.
John D. Sheehan: So Ronny, I think that this -- I think that what you saw happen or you saw the results in this quarter was the cash flow generation, the strength of this global platform to generate and throw off cash. And also, as you could see, we reduced our expectations for capital spending for the year from $350 million to $300 million, the combination of those 2 increasing the free cash flow by $100 million and allowing us to bring our leverage down to 2.6x after paying $100 million back in the first week of October. To be honest with you, I don't really want to give future expectations as to what 2013 or 2014 is going to be. That's not the purpose of the call today. But what I can tell you, and it's demonstrated by the working capital efficiency that we've had here in 2013, is that our global operating teams are intensely focused on generating cash and then for our ability to put that cash back to work in the business for the benefit of our shareholders. And I think that for today, I'll leave it there.
John D. Sheehan: You don't -- you won't have to tease it out because although we announced the formation of the partnership, David, the partnership will actually be become -- begin operating here around the end of this year, early next year so that there was no impact of the partnership in our third quarter results. What you see in our Asia Pacific results represents the organic growth of our operations in Asia Pacific and will most likely be that way for Q4 2012 also.
John D. Sheehan: And in terms of your question about M&A and currency that we would use in any transaction, I think it would be safe to assume that our focus is on use of cash for a transaction, as I pointed that out, in terms of the amount that we had available up to a ceiling of $4 billion or more. And so I think that use of a currency other than cash is not something we're currently focused on.
