Heather Bresch: So I'll start just quickly on the business and your questions about Europe. So, yes, we look to have a lot of launches next year, but I think what's important to note is we continue to point out. So this year in Europe, we have projected around 350 or so launches, we see that same number next year. I think the big difference year-over-year and what will continue is the amount of those that are internal. So either internal from an FDF perspective or even vertically integrated, which as you know, are huge catalysts for the profitability in our controlling those products. So next year, we'll have even a higher number that are internally developed. So that's why we say the fundamentals haven't changed. Yes, there's obviously macro headwinds going on in Europe, and as I said, we're not going to try to predict when those are over. What we will do is continue to execute what we've laid out there over the years. And we believe, as I've mentioned, we see huge pipeline expansion and growth in 10 out of our 19 European. We'll continue to diversify, we'll continue to grow those businesses. As far as France is concerned, we are holding market share, we actually even gained a little, we're holding up about 31%. But we still see irrational behavior, so it's a combination of the government, the pricing situation, as well as people trying to buy market share. So I believe, as we've always said, we're managing top line, as well as bottom line. I think the one interesting thing, there's been recent reports coming out of France that the government has certainly taken a position that tenders is not the way to go in that market and that utilization is much better for a sustainable, affordable supply of medicine. So I think all of that is in our favor and what we'll be able to capitalize on as Europe turns the corner.
Heather Bresch: So as far as Bioniche, I think we have reported, after the acquisition, that they had about 30 to 40 products and had a pretty good strong pipeline that we continue to accelerate. I called out Ultiva. I think that, that's a great product that we continue to really start seeing, gaining traction on our ability to build that market. And build, quite frankly, some products around that franchise, in the anesthesiology. So we don't call out separate market share by our business units, but I can tell you that Bioniche continues to deliver above and beyond what we had anticipated, and we see quite honestly, because of some of the market conditions, again, our ability to step in as that reliable supplier. So there was a handful of products. As many of you know, a lot of the issues around the drug shortages, and quite honestly it was just how quickly we could ramp up to fill some of those opportunities. And we're continuing to invest in CapEx, so we can continue to more and more step in on the injectable side and fill that.
Heather Bresch: As far as the French market goes, I do believe that -- as we said, if you take away the macro issues, I believe that what we're hearing and seeing, especially in France recently, was being very bullish on utilization being a huge answer to some of their healthcare costs, and I think that, that's been something we've been out there helping to educate, work with governments and show them that these one-time price cuts is not a sustainable way to deliver what they need to be able to contain healthcare and as well as provide more access. So I certainly am encouraged by their remarks, I'm encouraged that there will be -- that as long as they drive those incentives to do the substitution and utilization, I think we are going to be in the best position of any company out there to seize upon it. So when exactly that happens, again, we said we're not going to predict that, but absolutely see the benefit of there being the volumes to offset these pricing constraints that we see in the market today.
Heather Bresch: Sure. As far as Dey goes, look, as I had said in my remarks and as we have been talking about this year, we certainly saw a huge opportunity on 2 fronts. When our label changed to provide -- people that are at risk for anaphylactic shock should be carrying EpiPen, as well as the guidelines that came out in January saying that everybody who is at risk should carry 2 EpiPens. I think that those were both big events that we've started to capitalize on. As I've said, we're back up to 98% market share, but we believe, still, huge opportunity here in the United States. We're only touching about 2 million, 2.5 million people and believe that it's well, well above that, people that are at risk for anaphylactic shock. So the DTC advertising that we did, the educational campaign, what we have going on in schools, we believe will continue to really show nice expansion in that market. We see it already take traction with the first time that we kicked it off this July. So we're going to be, obviously, continuing those efforts, investing even more behind those efforts, and I don't see it stopping. So I look very forward to what Dey and EpiPen, especially, will continue to contribute. And as I've said before, as far as being at risk, I continue to maintain that, I think, it'll be very difficult to have an AB substitutable product against EpiPen. And I believe anything else that's out there as a 505(b)(2), if anything, would do more to help share the voice, and the education, and the awareness around anaphylactic shock. So again, we don't really see any risk to us as far as the 505 route goes. And so, look, I think EpiPen's been phenomenal and we'll continue to see a lot more out of that franchise in the coming months and years.
Heather Bresch: On Lipitor, I think we've said a lot and have a lot out there on Lipitor. What I would tell you is that we believe that what needs to happen is the FDA needs to make a decision on whether Ranbaxy's application was caught up in the fraudulent activity that led to their AIP. And the FDA's the only one that can make that decision. Obviously, they have not done so yet. And that would lead to either the ability for others to be approved once their -- if their 180 days was taken away. So that's the event. It could happen tomorrow, it could happen November 30. That's really, totally, in the FDA's hand. We hope and believe the FDA is continuing to drill down on that subject matter. It's of utmost importance to the consumers, to this country, to the affordable access to medicine. I think they know the importance around it, and we look forward to them making the right decision, and we'll be ready to seize on the opportunity.
Heather Bresch: And as far as the clinical test. And I think, as Rob said, we have a lot of opportunities to talk about '13, '14, and beyond, that we're working on right now, and I think we'll get into that at the opportunity to meet with you guys Investor Day with Q4.
Heather Bresch: And just quickly on your question around France. I guess, what I'd say is, we -- as I continue to stress we're not predicting, we're not going to try to predict. Obviously our guidance range takes everything into consideration that we see for the remainder of this year, and I think as John noted when we get into Investor Day and talk about 2012, we'll obviously get some visibility on our thoughts around France and Europe at that time.
Heather Bresch: So I guess what I'd say is, we certainly don't talk about product-by-product and where that product is coming from. So while we've given you the trend and where we are at a macro level, we're certainly not talking about it. So I believe our advantage is knowing what's vertically integrated, what our cost base is, and how can compete on this products. Our competitors certainly don't know that. And as far as where we are, you're right, we've said about 50%, and that was my comment earlier about even the number of launches next year and then the year after that. So while they are holding at around 350, they are continuing to be more internally generated. And we have said, by the end of 2013, we expect to have about 70% of our product in pipeline vertically or horizontally integrated from an FDF or API perspective.
Robert J. Coury: First, let's put on the table, and hopefully take off the table after my answer, this whole notion about this patent cliff leaving us in 2016. I've stated many times, I've never seen a business that has lead time that doesn't have lag time. In other words, the FDA, if you take a look at the docket at the FDA, their queue has never been more robust than it is today. So come 2016, it's not going to be a watershed event. While all of a sudden the FDA is going to open up their coffers and just approve everything they have in the queue. I assure you that the FDA -- it'll take a good 2, 3 years, if there were no other patents coming off in 2016, I believe it'll take 2, 3 years for the FDA to roll out that queue. So I really expect generic growth robustness beyond 2015 and I -- whoever started that I think is a real misnomer and that needed to be taken off the table. Also, I will tell you that I don't believe Mylan -- I think that the strategy that has been deployed, the assets that have been garnered were put in place for both a short, medium and long range plan. And I really believe, honestly, nothing is going to change. All, again, the people around the room here played a very vital role in allowing us to achieve what we've achieved. Again, this is more of setting the right example and rewarding people for the good hard work that they've helped create where we are today and how we're going to drive this going forward. There will be no change. In terms of the opportunities for '15, '16, and beyond, believe me, believe me, we are already and have been incubating many opportunities. And come at our Analyst Day in -- when we do our fourth quarter results, myself, other members of the management team will be present for you and for other investors to kind of talk exactly about this, beyond 2013. And I think at the time would be the appropriate time, and hopefully we'll have a lot more detail to give you at that time.
Robert J. Coury: And, Elliot, in terms of quality, I would not limit our insistence for the high quality standards that we demand upon ourselves here at Mylan to just the injectable front. I would say that the opportunity to apply the standards that we put upon ourselves is much broader than that. And I'll tell you, as the FDA continues to get ready with the whole new user fees and the war chest, that Heather has led to way in terms of trying to provide the resources. And as they beef up their staff, I can assure you that the FDA is going to become even more serious about the -- lifting the quality standards and I think, as best as they can on an even keel. And I do think that's going to flush out a lot of different things. And I'm not saying, as large as our company today, that we're going to be unscathed. I think that we're going to, too, as all the facilities that we've inherited and these new standards, we will absolutely have our share. But certainly much, much, much, less than anybody else out there in the industry. And I do agree with your thinking. And yes, let me hit it right off the bat, the injectable area is absolutely one that we're focusing on, but I do believe there are going to be many other opportunities where we can marry up our strong quality standards internally with others and be able to bring that as one of our core competency values towards anything that we look at. And in terms of also -- one metric I think would be good for you guys in terms of -- that I don't think you thought through as you roll out beyond 2013. Right now, we've set for the last few years, in R&D, at about 5% to 6% of our top line revenues. And if you go to 2013 alone and you maintain that same trajectory, you're looking at about $500 million, roughly, in R&D spend. I'll be honest with you, I can't think, for the life of me, how we would spend more than $200 million on R&D on the generic side. So I do think, going out in those further years, you're looking at $300 million of cash flows to fund other things such as brand opportunities, biologic, some of these injectable. And I'll be honest again, there is going to be companies, I'll say, that are going to be the haves and have-nots. Mylan, because of its size and because of its nature, will be a self-funded machine. We will not have as much reliance on others, because of our internal strong cash flow generation, to allow us to invest for the future, and we'll speak more about that at the Investor Analyst Day, in our fourth-quarter results.
Robert J. Coury: Honestly, Greg, I don't know how to say this any other way because maybe some people don't understand what the title Executive Chairman is versus just the Chairman. I really don't see anything changing. Since I've been involved with this company for the last 10 years, I can't even begin to tell you how active, we as a management team, have already been with our Board of Directors. Just go back and take a look at our proxies, go back and take a look at the number of meetings. And just know, that at the board level, we are just as active there, and always have been, as we are as a management team. And our board is involved, intimately involved, in all strategic direction of this company. And again, we don't operate separate from them. I don't see that changing at all. And as Executive Chairman, I try to point out, leading this company in terms of the strategic direction, leading the board, I fully intend not to ever walk away from what I consider, what I do on a daily basis. And that is help the direction and determine where we're going to go, and working alongside with the management team to execute. So on the brand strategy, I can absolutely tell you -- and again, it's not just the brand but the overall strategy for the company has been set. It's well on its course and it will continue. And I will continue to be very active with management in any new direction that we deem to be appropriate at any given time.
Robert J. Coury: Let me go backwards with Doryx. I believe it's absolutely much, much, much more like 90% legal. And with that said, I'm not going to not take the opportunity to say I think the obvious. Jami, I know you're new to our particular sector, but the conduct and actions taken by Warner Chilcott is nothing less than despicable, in my opinion. It's what I believe, it's the epitome of what brand companies try to do. But yet, they're running their business, we're running ours. But I can't help to express that opinion and this is exactly what we fight and have fought for every awakening day that we have, not to allow generic low-cost high-quality pharmaceuticals to be brought into the marketplace. And so I think, from a legal side we're, again, very, very, extremely confident about our position there. And from a regulatory side, as you know, they did the next thing which was file that citizens petition, which is really what I'm making reference to. And so I don't think that, that's going to hold up. I think that the FDA has recently changed their administrative standards. And for anybody to file citizens petition with them, I think 60 or 90 days from a product approval, they quite frankly, do those citizens petitions quite different than the standards they have to apply To citizens petitions that were filed much more in advance. So we are very confident that we'll overcome the preliminary injunction, extremely confident that the FDA will award us our approval, and very hopeful that we're going to be able to launch in this year. In terms of the guidance. Jami, honestly, I got to tell you the fourth quarter to me is, with all due respect, it's a yawn. That to me is yesterday's news. Because when you go in -- and let me just start off by saying, on the guidance part, what I think you might have not focused on. We, in the past, did have Doryx in there. We actually took Doryx out but maintained our $2 midpoint. That should tell you that we see other underlying strength to replace that opportunity and that's why be kept that midpoint at $2 because we feel very strongly we're going to be able to hit it without it. So really, I would look at fourth quarter as actually being stronger, now that we've taken Doryx on and replaced it with other strength we see in the underlying business. But most importantly, as Heather read off the opportunities in 2012, I mean, the first quarter in 2012 alone, and she used the world exceptional, I can only underscore that one. Because of the momentum that we continue to build on our base business each quarter, and then to add those opportunities and the settlements that we have, 2012 is set to be, probably, Mylan's best year in its entire history.
Robert J. Coury: I'll tell you what I think how's it's going to end. Just let the quarters go by and that -- because, honestly, you can't sell product that you just are losing money on. That cannot last. It's not sustainable. So there can be low-cost cyclical conduct, but again, it's not sustainable and I really believe let the quarters run out, let all the macro issues -- we're no longer going to try to predict exactly or, again, run countries or other people's businesses. What we are going to do is be committed to all of you, our shareholders, and to be able to guide you what we think this global diverse business can generate in earnings growth. That's exactly what we're going to do, and continue to meet or exceed how we guide you. So the only forecast you're going to get, and you'll see in our guidance, because we are -- and we do forecast. Before we put guidance out there, we are looking ahead and we're looking at all these challenges and we'll probably weigh in all these variables, and that all gets incorporated into our guidance. So really any events that you see occur, rather than the Street or be reactionary, just pay attention to management and how we guide with our guidance. That is the underlying principle, and that's why I speak about the fourth quarter when I say, with all due respect, it's a yawn. It's yesterday's news. The only thing about the fourth quarter is if somebody would think that somehow, whatever we produce in the fourth quarter, that, that's somehow a run rate going forward. Well, we all know that's why we're laying out for you 2012, and especially the first quarter going forward, what the real continued run rate is for this company. And it isn’t going to be the fourth quarter this year.
Robert J. Coury: Well, yes. I mean, let me just -- because this is something we discuss all the time. And I got to tell you, one of the biggest goals, for me anyway, was to meet that commitment of 3:1, debt to EBITDA, and we've achieved those, certainly achieve that by the end of this year. And so we've done a monumental thing. It was a transformational transaction and it took a lot to be able to see through that transaction and we did, and again, we're poised for such phenomenal growth. Now with that said, I will tell you that the continued robustness, and the cash flows that we're generating are just -- allow me to feel even more and more comfortable. Now, in terms of capacity, I really see -- and I just want to throw a range out there, but to do a $2 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion transaction that would temporarily -- dependent upon what type of EBITDA we would bring in -- to temporarily lever up, maybe up to $4 billion, but quickly de-lever back down to the $3 billion range, a range where we're comfortable. We like to be in the hybrid credit rating place. We think that's the most optimal place for us to be. I think it is how I would guide you today. And in terms of the brand, I would not limit anything in terms of the brand. Getting these patents out of re-examination and making sure that we have a very strong base to grow from was, to me, the very, very first important thing. That's why this trial coming up with Sunovian is -- I just can't wait till that day comes in March. I've been waiting for 3 years for this. But we need it. It took 2 years for us to get our patents out of the re-examination office just do to the queue that's there because of all the patents under re-issue, let alone the new patents. So when you know you have intellectual property and you know you've got strong asset that are generating strong cash flows, you put those 2 together and you look at what we have in the pipeline and you can't help but foresee now, the realities, and then just like I said, Randall, about -- take a look at our R&D budget and take a look what we guided you. The 5% to 6%, look at 2013. Again, I'm finding it very hard to invest more than $200 million in generic R&D come at the end of 2013. So you are going to see, we're going to be a well-funded machine, self internally generated. We're not going to have a need for external transaction, but you can rest assure that I will be continuing to look.
Robert J. Coury: And again, there's no need. And we are committed to earnings growth. I am not going to be doing those strategic transactions and take away the promise. As we haven't, up until now. We continue to deliver on the earnings growth, it's our commitment, and we're going to be extremely financial-sensitive in anything that we look at going forward. But we do see opportunities are going to continue to pop up because we see them percolating now.
Robert J. Coury: Okay. I mean, I said I think all along, that the $2.75 -- there was no M&A needed to achieve that, other than the business development deals that -- like the Bioniche, like any other therapeutic category that we are looking to slide into our ongoing platform and distribution system. In terms of -- I'm sorry, the first question, in terms of the -- hold on, hold on. Yes.
John Sheehan: First of all, on the Lipitor, Greg, as you know, we have not put out specific guidance with respect to 2012 and we would anticipate doing -- we will do so in conjunction with our Q4 earnings call and Analyst Day in February of next year. And at that time, I think we will detail for you, not only guidance, but also our expectations with respect to what the Lipitor market will be. And I think it'll depend a little bit on what the FDA decides here, as Heather was mentioning a few moments ago. With respect to the tax, I think we have been very proactively addressing our tax situation, our effective tax rate, over the last 18 to 24 months. In 2009, our effective tax rate was above 29%, and we're in the 26%, 27% range now. And so I think we've done a nice job. At the end of the day we are a U.S. domicile company. And therefore, with a very significant portion of our business located in the U.S., that benefits us from an operational perspective and then we're very -- proactively, to minimize our overall tax liability.
John Sheehan: I think if I take the margin one at the beginning, Ronny -- as you know, we don't breakout the margins of the Dey business. The EpiPen, in particular, you know is manufactured by a third party, and we've purchased that product. And we're very pleased with the margins that we're earning on that business and on that product. In conjunction with expanding the awareness about anaphylactic shock, and the benefits of the EpiPen, we have been conducting a direct-to-consumer marketing campaign that's been both in television spots as well as other media outlet. And there is certainly an SG&A-related cost associated with that, but you see the benefits of that of the top line and in the growth of the overall business for Dey. And I think if you look at the Dey business, we do breakout the operating results of that business separately, and it is a very nice contributor to Mylan's bottom line.
John Sheehan: Let me just -- just to add on to Robert's point. Number one, the 3 to 1 is a long-term target, and it's one which we feel very comfortable can increase. Any transaction that resulted in the leverage increasing would also have to have a demonstrated ability to bring that leverage back down, because over the long run we want to be at 3 to 1. And just one other -- a couple other number facts, right? We're generating, in excess of $500 million a year of free cash flow, and our EBITDA is growing by $200 million a year. And if you take that $200 million and you just multiply by 3, and before ever thinking about any EBITDA that a transaction would bring with it, I think those are some of the metrics that Robert had in his head when he says that he has all the financial flexibility to do whatever is the right transaction for Mylan.
John Sheehan: I just don't sign up, I guess, to this percentage thing. I think it's a mistake. I think, what I should be asking myself is, do we have enough earnings growth? And are we, as a company, optimized into maximize earnings growth from wherever the assets are? And I don't think -- and right now we see that we have an engine of a continuation of strong earnings growth. And I don't think it should be, to me, talking about percentage of brands. That to me is looking at it backwards. So if I ever felt that we didn't have this trajectory of earnings growth, that continuation of earnings growth, then I would take the next step, okay? What is our shortfall? Look internally, can I get anymore out of what we have internally? If not, and then when I begin to look to the outside, where I end up, ultimately, I don't think that I would want to even set my feet in concrete where that ought to be. An opportunity is an opportunity, but I would say that this company is predominantly driven for earnings growth and a sustainable earnings growth model. And it could be that part of the work that we're doing on the brand side. Anyway, naturally, let's say the percentage of our brand to our generics. It could be that, that percentage could migrate toward a higher percentage on the specialty side. I don't know, I don't want to predict that, but earnings growth is, I think, the number one key for us.
John Sheehan: And with that, we'd like to thank all of our stakeholders and employees for their continued support. And, operator, with that you can close out the call. Thank you.
