Robert Coury: Thank you, Dan. Welcome everyone and thank you for taken the time to join us today. I’d especially like to welcome and thank our employees around the world for another great quarter. The phenomenal execution and continued dedication for Mylan’s core values combined with the exceptional leadership provided by our senior management team that made it possible for us to report yet another strong quarter results. I’m behalf of the Board of Directors and our Executive Management team I’d like to thank each and everyone of your contribution. I’d also like to take a moment and welcome John Sheehan this morning as all of you know we've announced John’s appointment as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on our last call and today he joined us for the first earnings report here with Mylan. Welcome John. Early this morning we reported adjusted diluted and earnings per share $0.36 and reaffirmed our 2010 guidance of the $1.50 to $1.70. These strong results of set the stage for yet another exceptional year at Mylan and they reflect the positive momentum that continues to build from 2009. While this quarter came in slightly better than expected looking forward and as we had guided on our last earnings call, we expect the second quarter results to come in at a comparable level with the majority of our 2010 growth coming in the second half of this year. Before I turn the call over to our President Heather Bresch, I would like to make another brief comment about the historic healthcare legislation enacted recently in Washington. Even though the reforms did have a financial impact on Mylan, this impact has been fully absorbed in our guidance. With that said we also anticipate incremental positives due to the passage of this legislation beginning in 2014 when more than 30 million uninsured Americans begin to receive healthcare benefits. I’ll look forward to answer in your questions. Now let me turn the call over to Heather.
Robert Coury: I’ll give you high level comment and Heather maybe you want to follow-up, but I guess the way I would describe it is, this is what we’re seeing is not I think something that’s acute in any particular company. It’s more systemic in this way, even though the OGD is kind of reorganizing itself with some of the some of the announcements that they work. Some of the backlog and some of the product approvals, we look at what's going on there more from a timing perspective. For example, some of the products to we anticipated to get actually approved in the first quarter has actually been delayed and we anticipate those approvals just to roll forward. So you would think on one hand that that would be a negative, but really on the other hand, because this is more of a systemic issue with the FDA, the OGD in particular as a whole within the industry, some of the other products that we have in our portfolio that we anticipated competition, we didn't get either. So the two kind of offset on another and what you have is a rolling forward scenario where again this is simply maybe a timing issue and nothing more than that. Heather.
Robert Coury: I would prefer not to try to point to any benefits that Mylan is receiving off of the back or some of the issues that some of the other companies are having. I think at Mylan, we’re just staying concentrated on delivering a high quality, a high volume of supply in that supply chain and I actually it’s a mistake to try to give a graph of target, any benefits that we’re deriving off of on the backs of some others that might be suffered. I do think that there is a higher appreciation. I’ve said this in the past, from the customers. I think we’re seeing that higher appreciation for a constant, again a high quality supply and I think that, I don’t think anything I can tell you there’s certainly nothing that has materially stood out, but we do see and have seen over the last several quarters, some appreciation from the customers in terms of their activities, interviews are the players within this sector. 
Robert Coury: First of all, let me start off by saying that the first quarter did not come as any surprise to us at all. Quite frankly, if you look at quarter four, to quarter one in 2010, it’s exactly what we’ve anticipated. If you recalled, in the last quarter I looked at the fourth quarter as we entered in the 2010 I said, I want you to look at or slide it into 2010 and then looking at the back end as really the upward trajectory. So and because we done give quarterly guidance, we give annual guidance, I want to stress that, we don’t give quarterly guides, we give annual guidance. I don’t believe very responsible to try to look at a quarter and judge with the guidance that we given over the year, because of this trajectory that I’ve told you, but to your point and an excellent question, I think that there is actually a strong combination and I don’t want to put too much weight on one versus the other. I will tell you that, we have a voluminous amount of product launches that we see at the later part of the year, but we also rundle to your point that DC continued lower cost of goods savings also coming into that gross margin plan.
Robert Coury: Before I turn it over to John, in term of the overall debt maturities as we stated Gregg, we are looking, we basically satisfied any requirements prior to 2012 and really our focuses in 2014, the $3 billion that we have coming due in 2014, and there’s been our stated intension to basically tap the capital markets in an opportunistic way in order to stager off that maturity from 2014 to something that we believe it’s a little more responsible and prudent. As I stated also in the past, the guidance fully anticipates, our ability to tap those markets and any negative arbitrage that we can at least anticipate right now has also, in terms negative arbitrage in the interest rates. I had also been fully incorporated into our guidance, John do you want to add anything.
Robert Coury: So, I think the two parts to your question were in term of existing repayment schedule. As I said my remarks, we really don’t have any significant maturity repayments until early 2012 and in ‘12 we’re looking at approximately $800 million, $200 million ’13 and then as I’m sure, you’re already aware a significant amount in 2014 over $3 billion. Second half of your question related to the share count that we’re using and as I said again in my remarks the first quarter amount was 437 million shares and the amount that’s baked into our guidance quite honestly as not materially different in that.
Robert Coury: Ronny, as we mentioned we have been confidently looking that, what we considered to be opportunistic moment for Mylan to tap the markets and when we think that we reached that point, we will certainly make the announcement and then so to that point, we can’t really predict exactly what the impact would be in terms to any arbitraries in terms of the interest rate, all in interest rates that we pay now versus any impact on the interest rate that we may pay. Once we tap the markets and understand what we’re going to end up within terms of the overall yield, but let me just say that we can easily at least and what we already have done is pay attention to the broader markets to some of the deals that have gone off, look at some of the rates that they’ve ended up with, look at what our are all-in rate is, and I think fairly and practically predict that there will be some negative arbitraries and we fully have incorporated that into our 2010 guidance.
Robert Coury: But as we mentioned many, many times, overall and longer term we do expect there to be a continuation of price cuts within that region and we’ve fully have incorporated that into not only our guidance, but evening our targets, but the opportunity for us is to balance that with the increase in volumes that we anticipate strictly as a result of the lower cost of the pharmaceutical products as a whole, especially the generics through increased generic utilization, but most importantly in addition, I have to tell you again we do not view some of the markets over in Europe is being the most efficient markets when it comes to the pull though effect of generics and generic utilization as a whole. So we look at that as an opportunity and as the markets continue and these countries continue to decide to reduce its prices, it basically comes directly up against the actual infra structure in the current models that are in place. So you can fully expect as we continue to monitor each country, as they make -- each of them make their decision about what type of pharmaceutical model they want to have for their country, whether or not they want to support a higher infrastructure cost or whether or not they want a different type of pull through effect. We on the other hand as management will manage each one of those countries and right size the infrastructure according to what the government wants in terms of that particular region, so we are not concerned at all but overall, we are certainly not concerned in our ability to deliver what we have feel appropriate targets that we set ourselves, but overall I think you should all anticipate a continuation of price cuts going forward as we look out in the whole EMEA section.
Robert Coury: As I mentioned before, Jim, I don’t even think it’s even appropriate. First of all I don’t see, I can tell you write off the bad there is nothing material that I can even pint to say somehow we’re getting some hick up benefit from on the backs of another company selling. I think that you Mylan continues to keep its head down and to continue to march forward in our quest to deliver very very high quality volumes and I think that value of our consistent content supply chain is becoming more and more appreciated by customers. I would not and I think it’s again inappropriate to point that we’re somehow better fitting, I don’t see anything material that I can even point to right now, but I just think it’s a longer term trend that will basically bleeds it’s way in. If we are going to benefit from some of the disruptions that others have had, I see it more of a bleed-in rather than this roller coaster, high, low quarter-over-quarter. I just think it’s not when I’m seeing and certainly not the way we are driving our business. I think that the increases that we are seeing are increases that have come in over period of time and we just don’t see that ending, we see that more and more the way we see ourselves working with our customer base and the appreciation that they are showing us in return, we just see that continuing over a longer haul not anything over a short period of time.
Robert Coury: Well, I’m pretty excited about what we actually already have in terms of the growth prospects of the assets that were currently managing; obviously I have very distinct strategic plans to growing the business, but those plans and the robustness of my vision and thinking of what I see that business could ultimately be. It’s certainly being offset to mediate it -- certainly been offset and mitigating by the financial discipline that has been set forth here at Mylan. I would love to have a lot of things, I love to do a lot of things, but as I promised in the past, I’m not going to do anything that’s going to jeopardize the earning growth that we set for, that we have outlined and I will tell you with that said, I still see business development opportunities where we are aggressively looking and continue to look where we can look at whether it's a product or product portfolio or anything that we think that would be complimentary, that would be add-ons to that business, but again not at the behest of jeopardizing the earnings growth that we set forth earlier.
Robert Coury: Thank you, Ken, for the question. That way I would characterize it and quite complimentary to the leadership of Didier and France as well as Didier’s leadership in every other country, I’d like to actually, hoping the question was that Mylan was the most aggressive in managing it’s business. As Mylan is the most aggressive in managing its business in every single market as you know the dynamics of the generic marketplace are changing at rapid speed and so if that's what you’re hearing on the outside then Kudos to Didier for containing to manage as aggressively as he should be doing. Not being the most aggressive necessarily in the market, but a constant balance between pricing levels versus volumes versus market share versus there are many, many, many variables that a leader must take into consideration as dynamic at the generic industry is. And I’m extremely pleased with the results that he put up in the first quarter, so again thank you for the question and it’s a high compliment to Didier and his team.
Heather Bresch: I’ll just add to our numbers specifically, we haven't readjusted what we had set for the year, which was I think 45 to 50 approvals in the U.S., and as I mentioned, we already have about six of the limited competition approval that we’ve revived. So to Robert’s point, definitely some delays from the timing issue given where we are in the year. So early on we still see them coming in and like I said it haven’t changed our forecast for the year.
Heather Bresch: Yes and I think Randell keep in mind, I think there’s three important parts to the gross margin improvement there, and certainly we still forecasted current product launches that we expect to happen there’s a specialty business as we continue to have performance uptake through the year that certainly as a driver as well then to your points at synergies. So as we look at the repatriation, some of the vertical integration, file transfers that as you know just keep rolling in year-after-year that have been more coming in at the back, it’s the combination of all three of those that are really driving the second half of the year.
Heather Bresch: Yes, sure. On the opportunities, obviously as we continue to say we certainly are looking that complimentary products to add to the day portfolio, as well as generic opportunities whether it’s other therapeutic categories or dosage form such as injectable, ophthalmic as we’ve discussed, things that we would add to those number of the footprint.
Heather Bresch: So first, I think you asked about Spain, is that correct the price cut that we mentioned in France. Okay the France one is as you know, as is typical in most of the countries the price negotiation though with government and there is typical the one-time local price cut that happens, so that France as I stated was anticipated as part of our guidance and so forth and we intended to still maintain our market leadership position. So that was all anticipated.
Heather Bresch: We didn’t get into an average it doesn’t go across the board it depends whether your products on the repertoire list, not on the repertoire list. So there it’s not just overall, it’s blended, but it was fully anticipated. As far as…
Heather Bresch: Yes, the site transfers. So, Marc as we had said a while ago all the work not I think it averaged about 165 transfers that we completed actually the first of ’09 getting into the all the regulatory queue and obviously that’s what’s now been rolling in the end of ’09 and we’ll continue to roll and intend, but I can’t tell you ever broken out the percentage of have those fallen an expect our guidance, obviously absorbed them, certainly leading to that second half trajectory that we’ve talked about, the majority of those being in and obviously through the end of 2010, all of those now will been absorbed in.. So, certainly the majority of those are in the last half of this year, will then be completed for all like I said the 165 transfers that we’ve talked about through the synergies.
Heather Bresch: So just to the two parts of that, the Biennial obviously again this is something well anticipated and known throughout the market there in the players, so the patterns of the inventory. We didn’t see any extraordinary phenomenon on any front with the Japanese price cut. As far as the volume go, they are still holding around that 19% to 20% generic utilization rate, we haven’t seen any significant move one way or the other on that front.
Heather Bresch: It’s even more minimal since Medicare Part-D, because dual eligible were taken out and moved into Medicare Part-D. So I believe that Medicaid population is now right under 10%.
Heather Bresch: If you look, obviously there’s some seasonality in the product and just buying pattern as you’re going into holiday months and so forth coming into the first quarter. So there’s nothing extraordinary, we certainly had year-over-year growth when we look at quarter-over-quarter in the EMEA. So, sequentially again there’s nothing out of the ordinary if you look Q4 year-over-year as well.
Heather Bresch: As I said, it was 25% and we are obviously, as I mentioned have been able to not only now anticipate and absorbed that as well as we’ve had on quite of you successful product launches and increase volume uptake, which has been able to have the offset 25% price cuts.
Heather Bresch: What we have forecasted obviously growth overall for EMEA. And other than the pricing that I spoke about this morning (inaudible) and the ones that we’ve anticipated I right now don’t know anything else that’s coming to the year.
