Scott Smith: Thank you, Chris. Thank you for the question. And I think we're going to look at all manner of opportunities in order to build the portfolio. I think licensing, partnering, M&A for in-market assets is something that we're looking at. I also think we're looking at broader licensing agreements. In this case, we're looking at two Phase 3 assets, I believe, that are relatively derisked that have real blockbuster potential. I think Doretta said asymmetric -- the potential for asymmetric return, which I believe is the case here. In terms of Phase 3 assets, we also have an ability to affect the development and the registration strategy and of course, the commercial strategy going forward. So there's some benefits, I think, to do anything at this stage. But certainly, we're going to look at all manner of opportunities and able to build the portfolio in the right way in the future. And just one comment is, I think the solid base of the company that we built through ‘21, ‘22, ‘23 and into ‘24 really provides us that opportunity to look for appropriate business development opportunities to build off that base and grow in the future.
Scott Smith: So I think, first of all, thank you for the question, Glen. Our capital allocation plan is not changing. Going forward, we plan to deliver return to shareholders through share buybacks, which we've initiated in '24, and done $250 million of dividends and then also looking for business development opportunities. As I've said many times before, we're going to look at the core therapeutic areas, dermatology, GI, ophthalmology, but we're also going to be opportunistic outside of those areas to find assets that fit what we do best. And in terms of these two assets, I think they fit what we do very, very well. We have $2.5 billion in cardiovascular revenue. globally. And so we take a look at that. I think Selatogrel fits very well into the pre-existing expertise and drug, can play across multiple different therapeutic areas, including dermatology, GI, neurology, rheumatology. And so I think these two assets fit our portfolio very, very well. And again, we're going to look at our three core areas, but we're also going to try and be opportunistic to look for opportunities outside of that. In terms of what we're going to cover in the R&D Day, we're going to do -- we're going to cover the -- we're going to do a deep dive into the two assets that we're talking about here, Selatogrel and Cenerimod. We're going to also talk about other opportunities in the pipeline that we have that we're developing, Eye Care, as well as some other things in the pipeline. So it will be a full pipeline review, but a main focus will be on Selatogrel and Cenerimod, including having some KOL thoughts and expertise.
Scott Smith: Yes. Thank you very much for the question, Balaji. We'll be contributing just to start at the back. We'll be contributing as well. I'm not saying it's equal, but the two companies will be contributing, and Idorsia will be contributing up to $200 million in the development programs going forward. In terms of product differentiation, I'd like to turn it over to Philippe Martin, our Head of R&D. Just to talk a little bit about some of the differentiation he sees at a very high level. And these are the type of things that we're really going to dig into when we get to the R&D Day later in March. And take a very strong deep dive talking about the assets differentiation, where we think they're going to play therapeutically, et cetera. But just to give a couple of initial thoughts on that, I'll hand it over to Philippe.
Scott Smith: So just to add on to what Philippe said quickly before we go to the next question. And part of the excitement around Cenerimod is, Philippe and I have both been involved in the development, registration and commercialization of S1P molecules in the past. It’s a broad immunomodulatory drug that we can take a lot of different places. The initial indication is SLE. But as you know, there’s proof of concept of S1P molecules and things from multiple sclerosis, IBD, certainly in skin dermatologic conditions, including psoriasis. So it could be ripe for a real indication expansion once we get through the first indication. I think it could play in a lot of different therapeutic areas. So we’re excited about it as well.
Scott Smith: So thank you for the question. Let me hand it over to Rajiv to talk specifically about the eye care division and Tyrvaya, and I'll comment afterwards.
Scott Smith: Just a comment for me on the Eye Care division. We're very early days here, right? We're in the launch phase of Tyrvaya the first product. We're going to be launching the second product very, very quickly here. And there's a whole pipeline of assets, five or six further assets in development that we can bring forward. So we’re very hopeful and aspirational that the eye care division is going to be a very important part of our business as we go forward. We’re looking forward, as Rajiv said, we’re looking forward to see more data to see the effect of DTC and see a further ramp in the business, but we’re excited about the business overall.
Scott Smith: Thanks, Ash. So in terms of Selatogrel, I believe there's approximately 6,000 patients already enrolled in the Phase 3 program. When we take a look at it from the Phase 2 data and what's going on in Phase 3, we think it's relatively derisked as an asset. In terms of the detailed question you asked on patient self-diagnosis and self-injection and identification of patient subsets, that's kind of thing that we're going to get into, again, in R&D Day on March 27. We'll do a deep dive not only on the development programs, the regulatory strategies, but also sort of our commercial strategies as well.
Scott Smith: Thank you, David, for the question there. So when I look back at the deals that I've been involved with and over my career, probably by well over 100 deals that I've worked on and been involved with. I would say the majority of them we're partnering, licensing of some sort. We have an extraordinarily strong base and global reach from a commercial perspective in this company. So I think the idea of in-licensing partnering assets is one that works very well for us. But we're going to throw a wide net. We're going to look at all manners to build the portfolio, use our capital correctly. We'll look at M&A, but we'll also look at licensing and partnerships. At the end of the day, they'll probably be a little bit more of the latter, given that they're a little bit less initially capital-intensive and also sort of risk sharing to some extent. But again, what we're looking to do, we've got a very strong global commercial network out there, and we're looking to utilize that the best we can, bring in assets that fit what we do best, and we'll do a combination of partnering licensing acquisition with all the things that we need to do to build the portfolio.
Scott Smith: So I think, first of all, from my perspective, the most difficult thing in this business is to find impactful assets that you can develop to become blockbusters that are patented with long-term revenue streams. That's what's hard. I think building the commercial structure around that is relatively easy if you have an asset that can really play and be impactful. We're going to be opportunistic. We're going to look at our core therapeutic areas. We're going to look outside. We're going to find things that fit. We're going to find things that fit with the appropriate investment that we can make as a company. And so we're dedicated to, again, finding the kind of assets that can really, really drive business. Certainly, we've got a very solid base business that we see growing at a couple of percent a year as we move forward. and looking for things that can provide durable, sticky, long-term revenue stream for us, is what we're really after here. And we're going to do it in a smart and disciplined way. And we're going to find areas that we can be competitive and leverage off the existing infrastructure as much as we can.
Scott Smith: Thank you very much. In closing, 2023 was an outstanding year for Viatris that has continued our momentum as we enter the next phase of our strategic plan. I expect 2024 will be a transformational year for our company, as we continue to deliver on our base business while building on our current strengths and adding new capabilities that will enable us to deliver on our future. With our ability, beginning in 2024, to use our substantial free cash flow to both return capital to shareholders and to make strategic investments to grow our business, we are truly evolving into the strong and unique company that we have envisioned. Before we close the call, I want to take one final moment to personally thank both Rajiv and Sanjeev for whom today is their last earnings call with Viatris. Rajiv has been with the company since 2007, and has been integral in building the company that we have today. He will remain as a member of the Board of Directors. Sanjeev has helped the company to successfully execute our Phase 1 strategy since 2020. Thank you both for your tremendous leadership and dedication and service to our company. Thank you.
Rajiv Malik: Yes, thanks. I think we started with the DTC as we informed in the last Q3 earnings. We started with the DTC program in October, Q4, in the quarter four, non-bridge prescription saw about 18% increase. So all the indications are very solid, and we are seeing that expansion of the excess. And we continue to be very optimistic, and we are more optimistic now with the follow-on launch of Ryzumvi earlier this year. Again, we will see a little bit more momentum behind that. And more importantly, all the pipeline programs, which we acquired along with this, they continue to also progress well, as we have indicated earlier.
Rajiv Malik: And as to your follow-on question on the FTC inquiry, I think we have already seen some stabilization in the -- as far as the pricing is concerned. Obviously, when such investigation is on, there's a little bit of decent oversight. And I believe our customers already appreciate -- our industry has almost hit the rock bottom. And that’s why you’re seeing drug shortages and all those things and everybody is taking attention of that. And our dialogue with our customers have changed from the -- always the cost, cost, price, price, price to availability, uninterrupted supply, the quality of supply, as well as new products. So I believe this is going to be good for overall the health of the industry, the generics industry.
Rajiv Malik: And, David, to your second question, I think your more question is about the U.S. or Generics portfolio, but I'll answer it comprehensively in the sense that, globally, we have two-thirds of the brand, established brands, iconic brands. Every market has a different needs. We continue to look into the market-specific needs of those markets, and what do they know -- need it from the next 2, 3, 4, 5 years. But overall, we take a -- over the last three, four years from the U.S. point, at Generics point of view, we took a hard look into our portfolio. The focus was our access, how can we continue to provide access to the affordable and quality products? And wherever we saw that cost was not up. Price was not the only reason, but if we see more than 10, 15 players out there. Yes, we rationalized a number of products. We rationalized more than 300, 400 products just to take some volume off and focus on more complex, more hard to make where, again, somebody needs to take a lead and bring access to those products like Wixela, Breyna and complex injectables. So we are continuing to be focusing on where we can make a difference. Access is always at the center. And of course, at a point in time, if we believe that something is not making sense economically, as well as there are from the supply point of view, there are a number of players out there. We do take off certain products off. And that's when I think every company, every other company has also followed the same thing.
