Anthony Mauro - Mylan NV: Thank you, Rajiv. As Rajiv noted, we have continued to see growth across our global generic business, including in the U.S., where the pricing environment continues to be a topic of much focus. Throughout our history, we have seen many evolutions in our industry. However, our primary keys to success have remained constant: maintaining one of the industry's broadest portfolios, consistent execution of new product launches, and being able to reliably supply significant volumes to our customers. Because of this, our relationship with customers continue to not only remain strong but to thrive given the strength of our portfolio, our reputation for reliability, our shared excitement around our pipeline and our commitment to continuing to deliver high customer service levels. As we have said consistently, we continue to see pricing across our very broad generics portfolio to be in line with our expectations, with year-over-year price erosion in the mid-single-digits, including in the U.S. We continue to anticipate price erosion in the mid-single-digits for the remainder of the year. Our business model has never been premised on price increases for our growth, and this remains the case today. In fact, the generic industry is based on vigorous competition driven by supply and demand. Occasionally, prices increase due to market conditions, but in the vast majority of periods, our business has experienced a net deflationary price environment. Looking ahead in our generics business, we recently launched with exclusivity, our generic versions of Benicar and Benicar HCT with annualized sales of almost $2 billion based on IMS. And we expect this to be a strong launch for us. We also see the potential for several other important launches in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we have continued to see growth across the majority of our global brands and are pleased with our performance. With respect to EpiPen, while we saw scripts increase quarter-over-quarter, volumes were down due the lack of wholesaler purchases in the quarter in anticipation of our upcoming generic launch. We have been in extensive dialogue with our customers to ensure successful launch and at a wholesale acquisition cost of $300, we believe our authorized generic will create significant cost savings for patients and the healthcare system. The new assets we have acquired had even further strengthened our expansive portfolio offering for our customers. Our EPD brands are already doing well as part of the One Mylan Platform, and we see significant potential to translate this success and our learnings to our recent acquisitions. As we bring Meda and Renaissance into our commercial business, we continue to see opportunities to do more with our combined product portfolio as we optimize our salesforce, bring new products into new countries, and maximize high potential brands. Additionally, by now having OTC products along with our strong Gx and Rx businesses, we have a broader commercial reach than ever before and greater flexibility and optionality to successfully expand in any geographic market, especially the emerging markets. With these current assets combined with our strategic growth drivers, we have a portfolio and pipeline that we believe is second to none. Further, we are well-positioned to continue to reduce healthcare costs for payers and patients as we bring more affordable versions of key drivers of rising pharmaceutical costs to markets around the world. With all that said, we recognize along with many stakeholders in the pharmaceutical industry the challenging dynamics at play and that we will need to evolve to reflect these dynamics. As Heather said, we will do our part to lead this dialogue while continuing to serve as an important partner to our customers to ensure that we address these challenges in the right, balanced way in order to enhance patient access to affordable medication, preserve and reward innovation, and allow for a robust and competitive industry. With that, I will turn the call over to Ken.
Anthony Mauro - Mylan NV: And just maybe to add, Jami, certainly I think based on both our diversification and differentiation of those 635 products across the U.S. portfolio, I've always felt like there's been pressure in the U.S. Generic business. I don't think that's going away. But what you need is a broad portfolio. You need best-in-class service levels. And with these assets, you can certainly keep erosion to a level that we believe is mid-single-digits, like we've commented on.
Anthony Mauro - Mylan NV: Yeah, maybe just to add. We are certainly pleased with our European business from a volume and price stability standpoint. And just adding to the U.S. it really is about portfolio mix, dosage form mix across multiple channels in that breadth of portfolio that allows for this to happen.
Anthony Mauro - Mylan NV: Okay. Yeah, thank you, Umer. Yes, we've certainly had dialogue with all our customers over the last quarter and we continue to do that. Like I said, I think both our strength of portfolio and the partnership we have from a pipeline perspective and our future outlook of growth drivers allows this dialogue to be one of a bilateral nature. And I continue to feel that way moving forward with our EpiPen Generic launch coming here in the coming weeks and in any other new products we have as well.
Anthony Mauro - Mylan NV: And on your point around share repurchase, we have an authorization for an incremental, right now, $930 million of share repurchase. That is in our toolbox. You hear us talking about right now, we're focused on post Meda driving down our debt, reducing our debt and reducing our leverage, and then keeping dry powder in the short term for these bolt-on acquisitions that Heather talked about.
Kenneth Scott Parks: Thanks, Tony, and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to our financial results, third quarter revenues grew to $3.1 billion, that's an increase of 13% over the third quarter of last year, and as Rajiv already noted, our Generics segment grew 17%, while our Specialty segment declined 4%. The generics pricing environment was consistent with our expectations, declining at a mid-single-digit rate overall in the quarter. The year-over-year impact of currency translation on our third quarter revenues was insignificant. Adjusted gross margins for the third quarter of 2016 were 57%. That's down approximately 100 basis points due to significant contribution from new products in last year's third quarter. Moving on to our operating expenses on an adjusted basis, R&D investment expanded to $176 million as we continue to invest in our respiratory, insulin and biologics programs, yet it remained at approximately 6% of total revenues. SG&A expense, also on an adjusted basis, increased to $605 million or approximately 20% of total revenues. The increase is primarily due to the impact of acquisitions. Our adjusted tax rate was 16% for the quarter, which was in line with our expectations. Adjusted net earnings decreased by $7 million to $726 million compared to $734 million in the prior-year quarter, and adjusted diluted EPS was $1.38 compared to $1.43 in the prior-year quarter. As previously announced during the third quarter, we accrued $465 million for a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice and other government agencies that was related to the classification of the EpiPen Auto-Injector for purposes of the Medicaid Drug Rebate program. Mylan continues to work with the government to finalize that settlement. In addition, during the quarter, we agreed with Strides to settle substantially all outstanding claims associated with our acquisition of Agila. As a result of the recent settlement, we'll have access to approximately $80 million of currently restricted cash in the fourth quarter of 2016 and we recorded approximately $90 million of expense in the third quarter of 2016. For the nine months ended September 30, total revenues grew to $7.8 billion, a year-over-year increase of 13%. Adjusted gross margins for the same period were 56%, up approximately 100 basis points from the prior year. Adjusted R&D expanded to approximately $533 million and remained at approximately 7% of total revenues, consistent with the prior year. Adjusted SG&A expense expanded to approximately $1.6 billion or approximately 22% of total revenues. Again, the increase in SG&A was mainly due to the impact of acquisitions. Resulting adjusted earnings for the nine months ended September 30 increased by $188 million to $1.7 billion and adjusted diluted EPS increased 7% to $3.31. Turning to our cash flow and liquidity, adjusted cash provided by operating activities was strong, $1.9 billion for the nine months ended September 30, compared to $1.6 billion for the prior-year period. The record performance in the current quarter was the result of continuing to tightly manage our business and effectively manage working capital. We have no amounts outstanding in our accounts receivable securitization and revolving credit facilities. At the end of Q3 2016, our net-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA leverage ratio was approximately 3.8 times, which includes Meda debt. We are fully committed to our investment grade rating and reducing our debt and leverage during 2017 towards our target leverage ratio of approximately three times by the end of the year 2017. We have the financial flexibility to achieve this goal while still deploying capital strategically for bolt-on acquisitions. In addition, as we continue to optimize our capital structure and align it with our more balanced geographic profile, we remain committed to the Euro bond market. Subject to prevailing market conditions, the terms and specific timing are to be determined. We expect our diluted share count to be approximately 535 million shares for the fourth quarter, and that's including the full impact of recognizing the shares issued for the Meda transaction. We also expect our diluted share count for the full year to be approximately 520 million shares. We look forward to ending the year strong. We're in the process and feel confident with our ability to continue to integrate Meda into Mylan, leveraging our existing outstanding global operating platform. We remain fully committed to our revised 2016 guidance, as communicated in early October, and to achieving our $6 adjusted EPS target in 2018. With that, we'll now turn the call over for questions.
Kenneth Scott Parks: So, Jami, let me give you – thank you for the question. Let me give you – and it'll be kind of reiteration of points out of some of the prepared comments. We said that – Tony said that Generics pricing was down mid-single-digits overall, and he said the U.S. was relatively consistent with that. So that should give you kind of an indication of pricing. Meda contribution, we're not going to break out by region, but we did indicate that Meda for the quarter contributed about $330 million of revenue. But that's across the world. The third comment I would say is, is that, when we talked about North America, we said the third variable that you're looking for to kind of triangulate is excluding the impact of acquisitions, the business was – the volumes were relatively – the revenue was relatively flat.
Kenneth Scott Parks: Maybe just to start off, certainly from an inventory perspective, it's fairly typical in the U.S. business when you're launching a generic, the wholesalers will bring down inventories to lower rates than they're normally holding, and that's what we're experiencing. And I think the second question was around...
Kenneth Scott Parks: Yeah. We're very hopeful that our authorized generic converts like a traditional generic from a volume and a conversion perspective, in the high 80s, I believe, we've commented on. So that would be our aim and our goal entering 2017.
Kenneth Scott Parks: Yeah, so the $6 when we launched it back in the 2013 Investor Day, certainly included a component for acquisitions because that's part of what we've been doing with the business and a lot of the discussion you've heard today around broadening the portfolio inside the U.S. as well as across the world. So there is an acquisition component to that. We'll update you on what that roadmap might look like when we do Investor Day to give you a little bit more specifics around it. But I'll tell you, you've heard us say since we've done the Meda acquisition the words around capital redeployment have been more around bolt-on acquisitions. So you should anticipate that you're going to see us invest in those that create good, positive profit streams going forward, and add on to the portfolios that we have already. And at the same time, remain committed to our investment grade credit rating.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Thanks, Ronny, for your question. Let me start with glargine. Yes, we are on track to file glargine for U.S. with the FDA and it will be in a very – over the next few months in a very short period of time. And yes, we remain on track to file both pen as well as vial. And your first question was about the pricing. We basically – we track our pricing across our global business, across our – including various markets, but even for – if I have to just take U.S., we believe – on a consolidated basis, we are still in the single-digits, in the mid-single-digits as far as the price erosion is concerned.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: And I would say, let me just, Elliott, go around the wall a little bit over here. We remain very confident with our business in the Rest of the World market, Australia, New Zealand, Japan and other emerging markets. We had some initial hiccups early in the year on our HIV tenders, which have come back to normal and we see that normalcy come back. Europe is, in fact, very stable, pricing is stable. Our EPD acquired products are doing very well from the growth perspective. And when you come to USA, it's about the diversity of this product mix, with the Mylan Institutional – with so many injectable products we have and so many other complex one. Yes, we said that this quarter there has been some challenge on the growth because previous year, this quarter we had some huge new product launch contributions like from products of Esomeprazole, Lidocaine, Bexarotene, and that's where you see that, this volume shift. But this has been like always, so this – we're not seeing anything different.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: And, Umer, yes, there's a little bit of drift of the gross margin, and I'll attribute that to the product mix.
Heather M. Bresch: And Jami, just – I'll kind of high-level and then let Tony or Rajiv fill in. Look, I hope and tried to convey in my opening remarks our – not only excitement and the opportunity that we see ahead, given both our organic pipeline and the assets that we continue to complement now given the commercial and operational scale we have, and we believe really this diversification around geographies, around products and channel. So our ability to really maximize and optimize how we go to market in every country, I think we've never had a better opportunity to do so. And when I think of the U.S. space, and I, again, look at our portfolio and our mix, it's why I think we are able to talk about mid-single-digit erosion, and that has been what we have seen over the recent quarters and years. And I think it's that mix and the breadth of our portfolio, over 630 products here in the United States alone, over 2,000 globally. But it's that mix, that portfolio, and our capacity and capability of supplying the demands that's needed out there is what's allowed us to continue to compete in a market that I would say has always been competitive. And lastly, I would just say that, again, I think as you look at the transactions and the acquisitions that we've done, we've said it's about what we can do with those assets. And I think we have continued to execute, and as we said in our remarks, these next couple of years really give us the opportunity to leverage the economies of scale. And so, I think the future is bright both here in the U.S. as well as around the globe.
Heather M. Bresch: Hey, Elliott. Maybe I'll kick it off and then let, again, Tony, Rajiv comment. Elliott, I guess what I'd start off by saying and you've probably heard me say this a lot of times, not all good things happen at once, not all bad things happen at once in this very dynamic volatile marketplace. And what we've said, is our continued ability to diversify and differentiate and have the operational scale that we do allows us to mitigate these headwinds and how we manage the business and execute, I hope what our actions and track record speak to, is our ability to do just that, manage this business and deliver what we have stated that we'll do. And we get there sometimes at the beginning of the year and the end of the year. How we achieve it, obviously looks a lot different from launches that you expect happening that don't happening, market dynamics. As you know, there's many, many different levers. But I think the overarching point is given the amount of levers that we have to manage this business, we're able to execute and deliver on our stated targets.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure. Thank you, Chris. I think if we step back for a second, Chris, and I'll go back to our Investor Day when we put the $6 target out there that, at that time, obviously, perhaps for different reasons, but at that time we said that by 2018 that we assumed EpiPen would only account for about 5% of revenue. So obviously, as I said for other reasons and for – as we looked at the competitive landscape, we didn't have that as a major driver, 2017 especially then going into 2018. So yes, has that pulled forward? A little bit. That's why we tried to quantify and say that we're estimating – anticipating that about 6% of revenue next year would be to EpiPen. So again, I think that as you look, and as you guys know, that we're much more than any one product and much more than any one country, that all of this differentiation and our product portfolio mix again, as I said, has allowed us – this platform has allowed us to absorb these headwinds when they hit, to mitigate them and to manage them. And I hope that in both our response to the EpiPen situation but again, managing this overall business is allowing us to deliver and giving us the confidence about that $6 target. And as we also said, we see this low, mid-teens growth, 2017 and 2018. And we look forward to coming to you in Investor Day, in conjunction with fourth quarter, to really detail that out more. But hopefully that gives a little bit, when you think about the launches we've got coming, when you look at the business, again, across the globe and now the diversification outside of the U.S. that you can start seeing a real clear pathway to how we're going to get there.
Heather M. Bresch: So look, Umer, I'm going to let the guys operating and running these businesses talk about it. Maybe Tony can hit PBM and Rajiv can hit gross margins.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure. So Randall, I'm not sure who referred to Perrigo as a bolt-on deal. I certainly, I think we talked about it as a transformational acquisition of those companies coming together. So I would say what we mean by bolt-on deals is – look, product lines – we don't need to do any big acquisition. We've got the commercial and operational scale that we need but as we look across channels, therapeutic categories, products, as we want to complement just like we did around injectables, Renaissance around the derm. So, look, and we think, look, it's a buyer's market. I think there's great assets out there that we could complement and leverage our economies of scale. But first and foremost, our focus these next 18 to 24 months is integrating Mylan, truly leveraging our assets, optimizing them. And like I said, I think we've never had better opportunities around the world in these countries to have a great go-to-market strategy now having scale across all the channels, OTC, Generics and brands.
