Heather M. Bresch: Sure. Thanks, Jami. So yes, I'll start off, and then anyone else who wants to jump in can. So I guess here's what I would say. I think this goes back fundamentally when you talk about the margins and what does this business look like going forward. I think again, if we just stick within the United States, the diversity of your product portfolio I think is incredibly important. And I think that as you hear us continue to talk about not only that diversification from institutional to retail to continuing to build upon our OTC footprint, that kind of diversity within a segment absolutely helps maintain the margins that you've been used to, and I think importantly to your comment, new product launches, when you think about complex new market formation and as we enter the biosimilar arena. So I do believe that those are going to be able to maintain the levels that you've been used to. Now with that being said, I think we're at a moment in time with the FDA that it's those launches that have continued to have some delay in timing, but they will come. And I think it's companies who have been able to invest, and we continue to maintain that investment in R&D and bring those important products to market, is what will continue to differentiate companies that are able to maintain I think those margins that this industry has been used to for some time. But I don't think – as always, one size doesn't fit all, and I don't think everybody is going to be able to maintain that. And I think having the levers to manage and maintain your portfolio to account for that is going to be very important. I think as far as scale goes, again, I think you have to differentiate scale. I think that as you referenced Teva, where they really doubled down on scale in the last few years was in the United States. And I would say that as we see this market changing dramatically and transforming itself that perhaps more of the same in this market isn't going to get you very much. And I think that we've been pretty vocal and consistent about that over the last couple of years. When you think about scale building, scale over the global platform, as you look at Mylan today with over 50% of our revenues coming outside of the United States and us really doubling down over the last few years about building not only Europe/Rest of World, but our global supply chain, our vertical integration, it's that sustainability and differentiation that I absolutely believe will continue to pay off. Yes, are there challenges in this US market, which is the largest pharmaceutical market in the world? Absolutely, and we're not running away from that. What we're saying is Mylan's ability to withstand those challenges and I think come out stronger in this US market is definitely what we're confident in. but it's our global scale across these regions both from an operation and a commercial perspective which I think is what we'll continue to be able to differentiate ourselves. And as I said, I can assure you I'm committed as CEO to get out there and make sure we're engaged and educating that investors really have the opportunity to understand our opportunities outside the US as well as those that are coming with the all the pipeline products that Rajiv spoke about.
Heather M. Bresch: Thank you, Elliot, and I think your observations are correct. I would say first and foremost, it's launches. When you look at on both fronts the continued delay on new complex key market or key product launches, and as we've said and I can't underscore this enough, we honestly see the administrative as the barrier and not the science. And I think we are, I can assure you, working diligently to daily be in contact with the FDA and work through these issues. And I'm highly optimistic that given even the new commissioner's recent commentary that this is a very important area, they recognize that getting these products to market are important. But if you say the delay of those launches as well, if you look over the last two months, I think the acceleration is almost near double of approvals in these already commoditized generic products. So when you're bringing number three, four, five, six to the market, and approvals I think jumped up last month to over 90 approvals, all falling in that bucket, which is why we acknowledged that increased competition on the existing products and recognized and called out this high single-digit in North America or US generics. I think both of those really were the primary driver. And to your point, the first one is the most important because this isn't a permanent hit, it's a deferred one. And that's why we did what we thought was the most prudent thing to do of pushing those into 2018. But I can tell you we're fighting every day to have them come as soon as they possibly can. So after that, I think things like EpiPen, when you think of all of the different compounding factors that have culminated right now, I think that's finding its footing, and I think important to recognize that we're down to it's going to be less than 5% of this company's profit going forward. So I think it's definitely rebased itself and we see that final settling of where EpiPen is and what it means to us as a product. And I would say those are your two big factors. And as we step back, because of that unpredictability, it's why we took the moves we did. And know that we pride ourselves on giving you guys that visibility and transparency as we see it. I think over the last year, we've talked about why there have been challenges in the industry. Mylan had been able to continue to absorb those challenges and that volatility. And when we get to a moment where we say you know what, the impact of both of those things moved pretty dramatically over these last couple of months, which is why we made the steps we did, but we couldn't be more confident in what we've put out there. And I think most importantly excited about still offering 20% year-over-year growth as we look into the target we put out there for next year. So, I don't know if anybody – okay, thank you for that.
Heather M. Bresch: Thank you, Chris. I'll start off, and then I'll let Rajiv go into generic Advair. And just to follow up again, I missed this part on Elliot's last part of his question on consolidation and how that's factoring in. I think that we see this high single-digits as probably here for the foreseeable future, and we've accounted for that in everything that we've put out there both for this year and next year. I would say that the consolidation, obviously, you continue to see, I think we're down really now to about three buying consortiums here in the United States. I do think importantly, we'll point out that they're also not just buying for the US. These are global now buyers coming together, and from our perspective, that being able to supply globally as well as having these important products come to market. So while they're deferred, it doesn't take away their importance, speaking of generic Advair, which I think we still feel confident that even though deferred, we're going to be that first to bring this product to market. So I think that our ability to partner and leverage our global scale with these global buying consortiums, that we're best positioned to take our entire product portfolio across the globe and be one of the best partners out there.
Heather M. Bresch: All right, thank you, Andrew. Here's what I would say. As we defer those key launches to next year, we don't call out product by product. As you know, we've got just here in the US alone over 630 products, and we have had a historical approach of really risk- basing as we put products in and key products into our assumptions. I think that's why we called out we were taking a prudent step to put them into 2018. And we've also not just deferred everything as it all looks the same being deferred for a year. So as my commentary noted that not only were we deferring US key launches, we were taking into account their contribution. And so again, it's looking at this whole portfolio and risk-adjusting for that, but we've taken that same approach, and then like I said, prudent as we think about their contribution in 2018. As for the FDA and the prioritizing of ANDAs, look, is it where we would like it to be? No, if it was where we'd like it to be, we would be seeing I think approvals of important products that have no generic competition into the marketplace. But I'm hopeful that we continue, that FDA is focusing on their processes and prioritizing. We're certainly doing our part working with them, and I believe we will get there. It's just again sometimes when you're in this transformation, FDA themselves is in a transformation. And continuing that performance while you transform is sometimes difficult, but I'm truly hopeful that we get to where ANDAs are prioritized in the backlog and getting important first-to-market products to the market are at the top.
Heather M. Bresch: And as far as the larger industry question, what I would say is that I do believe as you look at the landscape and the entire supply chain, from the manufacturer to the product getting into the patients' hands, one of the things that we continue to try to be vocal about and work with policymakers on is that, while nobody wants a more effective and efficient market with the FDA and the manufacturers getting approval out of the FDA than I do, I continue to caution that you can put as much competition in that generic marketplace as you want. But as you look to the right of the supply chain, the lack of competition, everything to the right of the manufacturer has continued to constrict. So not only are you down to just three buying groups, you're down to every single step along the way until it reaches the patients' hands has become a very constricted and less competitive marketplace. So I agree that I believe that as FTC and other looked at that landscape, there could be unintended consequences to letting that entire supply chain become very less competitive, meaning at the end of the day I think that this country's got to continue to find a solution for is ultimately the product getting in the patients' hands and doing it as competitively and market-driven as possible.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Okay, Ronny, I'll take your question on Copaxone. And as I talked about, having met all the possible – in this case we have specific product guidance out which we have delivered from the sameness perspective. And I've cited out administrative delays, and it's truly there's no science we are dealing with anymore. There are not any pending studies which FDA has asked from us or something like that. So it's perplexing because somewhere this whole reorganization within FDA that's coming into play, and we see this playing on complex and niche products, which are in this bracket. Having said that, as I told you, we remain very confident. We see no issue of bringing it to market, and it's a timing issue and that's what we are trying to adjust. On Neulasta, we continue to work with the FDA. We continue to work on the science as well as on the GMP front. And as you know, we have not factored in any revenues even in 2018 in any meaningful way from biosimilars. But if there is one upside which I can see from biosimilars and where how the competitive landscape is lining up between other different players who are ahead of us, Neulasta might be the one. But we'll give you more visibility as we go along.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Heather, I'll just add one line to what you said. It's one thing to have global scale, Chris, and it's managing the global scale. Our global integrated platform and our segments allow us to run this and manage this business globally. Now coming back to Advair, I think I would like to take this opportunity to clarify and explain one of the remarks I made about how reorganization with FDA can impact it. Take Advair, generic Advair. It's been a nine-year long journey, and we had an intense collaboration with FDA till the submission of this ANDA. It saw many face-to-face meetings and agreement on several protocols. As the FDA transformed over the last two, three years and the emergence of OPQ [Office of Pharmaceutical Quality], and between OGD [Office of Generic Drugs] and OPQ, many new players have come in and many new drug guidance [ph] resources (55:05), even this year in the beginning of this year, which was on devices. So there can be different opinions which can come at a point, and that's what led to this extensive CRL which we received. We took this opportunity – FDA took about four months to give us this meeting, but this was one good meeting to put everything on the table and come to a good spot and agree with the FDA that whatever we have provided them as per the product-specific guidance is good enough. We don't need any more data. We don't need any more clinical study or device-related studies. And that's what I meant from how sometimes reorganization of this transformation can impact some such, especially the complex and the first approvals. Having said that, we are in the process of consolidating this response, and this response will be out on its way to FDA within the next couple of days (56:04). And we continue to work with FDA for this high-priority product.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Yeah, on Copaxone, you are right about the target action date. But first of all, let me say that issues or questions, both 20-milligram and 40-milligram are the same. There is no different issue between 20-milligram and 40-milligram. Second, why we didn't do – when I talked about the lack of predictability, yes, we have still a target action date, one target action date with us for mid- (57:20). And I didn't put it out there because we just need to get to a place with the FDA and have a better understanding rather than give you another date. And that's why, just through an abundance of caution, we have moved it and said okay, let's just move it and defer it to 2018. Now on generic Advair – sorry, on ARVs, our growth YTD is about single-mid-digit growth on ARV franchise, and we continue, especially this launch of – first approval and launch of TLE400 and now getting the first approval for TLD, that's where the whole market is shifting – gives us again – these are the two things, the product portfolio, leading product portfolio, the scale and ability to serve this market have – what has given us this leading position in this. And we continue to strengthen these three parameters.
