Heather Bresch: Well look, I think, Europe overall, what I'd say is, we're seeing what we've been seeing and saying that we're not trying to predict the future of when that's going to turnaround and obviously, why we continue to say we did not predict or forecast growth for our European region. I think with that being said, we do see increased generic utilization beginning to increase, especially in the southern European markets. We saw growth and maintain leadership position, obviously, in Italy. And we see the same with Spain. We see that volume through increased utilization offsetting some of the price cuts. So I definitely would say that governments are beginning to realize that for sustainable cost-containment, utilization increase is a more proven, has a better track record than just cutting cost. So I would say there is some optimism that, that trend certainly will continue but again, we certainly didn't predict growth this year.
Heather Bresch: Well look, I think as far as our current settlement, it's very clear that we have through June of 2015. And as we made reference in there, they still have to receive regulatory approval, which we continue to believe that hurdle remains very high. So I would look at it that kind of regardless of product or changes and, obviously, we would look at any of those things that happen in the future, but I would say we are excited. And I think that this settlement just further enhances and underscores truly the value of this franchise and our ability to now have some great runway to just continue to show accelerated growth quarter-over-quarter.
Heather Bresch: Sure. Look, I think it's a fantastic deal. I think it -- as we've said for quite a while, and Robert has been very vocal about, that consolidation is needed. Taking capacity out of the market especially a large player like Actavis, it certainly benefits the global marketplace. I think it further underscores the need to be globally competitive, which underscores the platform that we've pulled together over the last 5 years. So look, I think congratulations to them; it's good and I think there is more to come, more consolidation to come.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So first of all, as I stated in my remarks, our business in India is just hitting on all cylinders from third-party business. The ARV franchise continues to grow, and we continue to add diversity of our product line. And so we see -- as we said, we anticipate continued double-digit growth. As far as Japan, again, we see a nice steady increase. Increased utilization continues to go up. We continue to build our product portfolio and most importantly, we continue to internalize those products, giving us much more flexibility, controlling the supply and the quality of that supply chain. So as Australia, obviously, continues to be a market that is undergoing significant pressure, I think since '08, we've shown our ability to manage through those headwinds and we're going to continue to do that. So I think all-in-all, Japan, and certainly, India, offsetting any of that pressure that we're feeling in Australia. And why we continue to be very confident in our growth in that region.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So I'll start with EpiPen. Look, absolutely nothing changes our thoughts or convictions about the strength and the brand equity of EpiPen. If anything, I think this settlement just underscores our confidence because we're going to have, at minimum, and I say minimum because I certainly believe the hurdles to get an AB-rated product are significant. But at a minimum, another 3 years to truly build the education around the need for people at risk to be carrying an EpiPen, so I think that brand equity only continues to become much more significant over the next few years. I think that you've seen the results of us being out there, raising awareness and educating and we're just going to continue to increase and invest in those efforts.
Heather Bresch: So I'll start with your second question and I'll let John come back to your first. Look, what we can say about the settlement is that it absolutely covers everything between Meridian and Teva through June of 2015.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So in France. We do absolutely see the beginnings of this push for increased generic utilization as I said, kind of, throughout Southern Europe. Italy is certainly the lead of that pack, but we do -- are very encouraged by the recent new regulation statute to try to incentivize on several fronts that increase of utilization. And like I said, I do think our efforts are paying off as we have been continuing to educate regulators and officials that, that utilization is much more sustainable to cost containment at healthcare than the price cuts. So I think that those numbers are -- they're starting to see that, obviously, from other countries. And so I'm very encouraged. And in the meantime, we've maintained our leadership position, 30% of the market share. As John said, we're very focused on that profitable growth and believe that, obviously, when Europe does come out of this -- comes out of the storm they're in right now, that we're going to be stronger than ever and certainly benefit disproportionately from now the increase in utilization. And as far as Japan goes, yes, as I said, we did see strong results. I would say that for the year, we certainly anticipate low double-digit growth in that country. And I think that it comes from a couple of places. One, as I've said, we've continued to enhance and now reaping the benefits of the pipeline that we started to build after our acquisition. And we see those coming to fruition so we're launching more products, we're launching more internally manufactured products. So the profitability of that -- the country continues to increase. And again, utilization, we continue to see it creeping up close to the mid 20s. So all-in-all, Japan is steadily, just steadily increasing and we're very happy with our performance there.
Heather Bresch: All right. Jami, so look, the confidence, I've never been more confident in our statements about EpiPen and an AB-rated product. And I think that our settlement, the way in which we settled should certainly underscore that. So our settlement has nothing to do with the regulatory aspects. The press release clearly lays out that they still have to get regulatory approval, which we continue to believe is a very high hurdle and why I'm saying we now have a minimum until June of 2015. So our settlement really has with -- just truly on the patent case and the judicial, nothing to do with the regulatory process or the hurdles that we believe are still absolutely in place. As far as Doryx, look, like we can't predict Europe, I can't predict when judges are going to rule. He said it would be soon, and I guess his definition of soon or quick may differ from some of ours but so look, we anticipate that decision any time.
Heather Bresch: Okay. So first, I'll talk about the macro issue. And I want to just clarify, my point on consolidation is not even just a generic industry, but the pharmaceutical industry as a whole. I think that as we've continued to talk about the global competitiveness needed to compete is brands looking at generics, I think more than ever because of the emerging markets and the need to have a high-quality breadth product portfolio. So look, that's why we continue to believe there absolutely will be consolidation, perhaps among smaller players, but continued activity among brand and generics. As far as our activity, I think we laid out a lot of parameters and clarity on Investor Day, speaking to the fact that we absolutely are looking and always looking at a lot of different things, whether it's new geographies, products, therapeutic categories, bolt-on for dosage forms, certainly looking for products for our Specialty division. So we are extremely active looking on all fronts. And like I said, just continue to be excited at the opportunities we see out there given some of the macro economic conditions in some of these geographies. As far as EpiPen, look, I can't and we don't talk about litigation and so forth. But all I can tell you is, obviously, litigation is not typically blind in both parties; there's a lot of activity between the parties, obviously, in pretrial as well as trial. So I'll just leave it at that.
Heather Bresch: So look, I think it's safe, John, for you to imagine that we look at everything. And I think that probably the only thing I'd say about the process is that it's not an auction or a competitive process. So I would just kind of lead to that about what the activity that was going on around Actavis for a long time now. And as far as -- so as far as our continued activity, as I said, I think that we have a tremendous amount of opportunity to continue to add on. And again, as we said on Investor Day, we're not standing still or gone on vacation. So I can assure you that we are very active right now on many fronts. And I guess all I'd say about commenting on #3, #4, #1, #2, we've said it's really not about the number, I think it's the quality of the assets and it's how we're building Mylan. And I think we put together a great global platform, as Robert has said. We don't need another transformational deal. But what we are very interested in is high-quality assets that we can continue to add and maximize and leverage this platform that we've brought together. And I think between our vertical integration, which is exceeding all of our wildest imaginations and the benefits we're reaping from that, just continues to boost our ability to compete in every market around the world with the highest quality products. So we've not lost our sight on our mission to reach 7 billion people and believe that we've got a lot of opportunity to get there whatever number that puts us as a global player in this marketplace.
Heather Bresch: So I'll start then I'll let John -- my comments about AB-rated have to do with the FDA and the regulatory environment around the Dragon [ph] device. So as I've talked about for a long time, that those regulations, and FDA clarified their position and the answer to the citizen petition a couple of years ago, that it's not that's same. Then it can't be rated substitutable and especially in a life – or an emergency situation. So my comments have always been around our confidence and our intellectual property around our Dragon [ph] device, the regulations at FDA and the ability to have to be the same. So if you have to retrain, it's not the same. And for obviously EpiPen and anaphylaxis, obviously reaches that hurdle of being a life saving or an emergency situation. So that again is why I underscore my confidence in the franchise and the hurdles for getting an AB-rated. I'll let John speak to ROI but what I will say is, we were -- after we saw the results from last year's DTC as well as other initiatives. Because while direct-to-consumer is certainly a large aspect, we're doing on many fronts, around this education. And obviously, if you look since Q3 of last year, you see just beyond accelerated double-digit growth year-over-year for each quarter. And obviously, this now being a record Quarter 1 for EpiPen and we see that continuing to grow. So it is absolutely, the results, I think, speak to the pay off here. And we just see that doing nothing but continuing to grow at an accelerated rate.
Heather Bresch: So look, I would say that there's no restrictions on us on EpiPen, but I have to tell you that there is certainly no reason – EpiPen --the kind of product and what we've spoken about from brand equity and the awareness around there would just be no reason to put an AG [ph] in. So look, I think that the settlement certainly, again, I'm just going to say -- and you're right a lot of good advertisement this morning, removes that overhang that we know the Street continued to be concerned that the what-if possibility that, that what-if has been taken off the table, and I can assure you we will maximize the opportunity we have ahead of us.
Heather Bresch: Oh, I'm sorry. Yes. So as far as OTC, listen, we've had a lot of discussions and we'll be continuing to have these discussions. I believe that the most responsible thing for EpiPen would be behind the counter. So it would look much more like sometimes how insulin is treated or plan B. So we believe that there is absolutely opportunity to continue to work with states because as you might imagine, there is -- all the states differ with pharmacy laws and regulations. But we are actively pursuing and looking at doing just that, working with the states, working with the FDA, to hopefully get to a place where there would be both prescription EpiPen as well as behind-the-counter EpiPen that would provide the maximum access to everybody who wanted or needed to carry an EpiPen to be able to have as many as they want and also be able to make sure, from a collaborative perspective that whether it's schools being covered, soccer fields, football as you might imagine, that not only it’s important to have the schools equipped, which we're launching a huge program here in the next couple of months with schools, but also everything in the community related to that. So all of this is working in conjunction and why I said that outside of just our DTC investment that there's a lot of other initiatives that are ongoing that we'll be excited to be telling you more about as the year unfolds.
Heather Bresch: So I'm going to start off even though you said John. I just at least want to underscore, not only our commitment to investment in CapEx but why. If you go back to our Investor Day, we said we were going to double our size in the next 5 years, from a capacity perspective, our platform. So as you look, we are investing, obviously, across the board whether it's on our API, whether it's in the finished dosage form facilities, but doubling that capacity, we believe is, again, just goes to the diversity of our platform, our ability to absorb whatever, headwind, countries, issues. That, that ability to not only invest from an R&D perspective and we talked a lot about our product portfolio doubling. And when you think about not only doubling, it's the quality of what we're doubling and the kind of products, again, our respiratory announcement. Our ability to have the dollars and invest the dollars we believe is another barrier to entry because we're using large dollar investments, whether it's respiratory, whether it's biogenerics, doubling our size. So we believe, as I said earlier, it's not necessarily just quantity, we believe not only are we investing in the right things, but certainly in a very quality way.
Heather Bresch: And which is why I think we continue to reiterate our confidence and commitment to delivering on our longer-term growth prospects. Because the investments we're making today are for the 2016, '17, '18 opportunities that we believe we'll be able to globally monetize.
Heather Bresch: Your pricing question, your first one, we don't discuss pricing of individual products. All I can tell you is we continue to see stability in our products at both the base business and opportunities on some of these new launches. So I would say that on the first one. EpiPen, look, I think we've been pretty consistent in our pricing. And we see that continuing. So as we continue to invest and continue to look at building that awareness, we'll continue to have a pricing strategy that certainly mirrors that.
Heather Bresch: Sure, I'm going to start and then I'm going to let Rajiv, perhaps, speak to our confidence in it. Look, I think that what we said when we announced the acquisition of that platform as we were taking the core competencies of the existing Pfizer platform and marrying that up with what Mylan has always been known to do best, which is taking very complex opportunities and bringing them to fruition. So when we looked at the high-caliber and the asset and the position and the point that Pfizer had developed a product now marrying that up and complementing it with our scientific ability is really what underscored our confidence. And I'll let -- and as far as EpiPen goes, look, as I continue to say, it's the Dragon [ph] device component of EpiPen that makes those regulations and those aspects different.
John D. Sheehan: And, Doug, I'd just add that although we're not seeing growth, we are very focused on maintaining the profitability of the region through cost savings and vertical integration initiatives, and we saw very nice growth in the margins in Europe, in the first quarter.
John D. Sheehan: And then your question with respect to our capital structure and the notes that we issued, quite honestly, less than 2 years ago. You're right that interest rates have fallen significantly over the last 2 years and so some of those notes may have the opportunity, when they are prepayable and taking into consideration what prepayment penalties may exist, may have the opportunity for prepayment or refinancing. That's something that we'll look at when we get to a point where they're able to be refinanced.
John D. Sheehan: And I think, David, with respect to the second quarter, as I said in my prepared remarks, the second quarter being similar to the first is fully in line with what the expectations we had on Investor Day when we indicated that the second half of 2012 would be stronger than the first half of the year. The -- in particular, the -- my comments do not take into consideration a Doryx approval. But we continue to be -- to look forward to the court's ruling on that subject and our being able to launch that product, which has been long delayed, although I would say that as we look at the full year, we do expect -- we have always expected that before the end of the year that we would be in a place where we were or in a position to launch Doryx. We will launch Lipitor, the generic form of Lipitor, at the latter part of this quarter. And so I guess I would just conclude or summarize by saying that Q2 is -- continues to be in line with what we talked about or expected on our Investor Day.
John D. Sheehan: I'll just briefly add on to what Heather said. As you know, we are the market for anaphylactic shock with over 98% market share. And therefore, the programs that we're running are both focused on building the awareness regarding anaphylactic shock and the value of the EpiPen for dealing with those types of life-threatening situations. And the way we measure the success of the programs, whether it be the direct-to-consumer advertising campaign or the expansion in our field force, is by looking at the expansion of the market that's taking place. And that expansion of the market, we showed that on the Investor Day, has been significant. We're off to a great start for 2012. We talked on the Investor Day of the Specialty business growing 30% year-over-year for 2012. And at this point, one quarter into it, I think it's at least that.
John D. Sheehan: Yes, so Greg, I guess, Greg, on your second part, first of all, I guess I would start by saying that we're incredibly disappointed by the whole Modafinil situation. But Mylan has never been, we've said it so many times, about one product. And therefore, the -- we will -- we're whether it's Modafinil in or Modafinil out, we're still very confident at our $2.40 per share midpoint of our guidance range. And whether it be the very successful launch of Escitalopram that we had here in the first quarter or the strength of the EpiPen that we're seeing throughout 2012, all of those things make us very confident that 2012 will be a very good year, the best year for Mylan that we've had in our history. And look, I don't know that I would say we were being incredibly conservative or however you described it, I think we were providing a guidance range at the beginning of the year that we believe reflected the fact that not all good things happened, not all bad things happened. And that we would be in that guidance range. And we look forward to the year continuing to develop this way and taking advantage of upside opportunities.
John D. Sheehan: And I guess I would just add on to what Heather said, at 2.9x gross debt to EBITDA, we're very comfortable with that leverage ratio. And that leverage ratio has been declining steadily and accelerating in that decline. And so we generate $600 million a year of free cash flow; it’s just a substantial amount. We've been using that cash flow to reinvest back in the business as well as to delever. And so I think that we're building a platform for the future and responsibly reinvesting in that platform so we have the right play -- the right growth in the future while at the same time managing the balance sheet in a smart way.
John D. Sheehan: Look, I talked about the fact that our gross margins actually increased 300 basis points quarter-to-quarter, Randall. And so it's not about the top line; it's about the bottom line, and we're managing that region in the context of the macroeconomic headwind. So it's not hurting us. We obviously would love to see growth and we look forward to when the macroeconomic issues in Europe are resolved and generic utilization rates increase. And the top line growth, together with the gross margins increasing, and that's why we talked on the Investor Day about Europe being a long-term growth driver for us. So with that, look, we appreciate all of our investors and the questions we received in this call. Q1 was very much in line with what we had expected, and we look forward to continuing to deliver on 2012 so...
