Heather Bresch: Sure. I'll start with your second question, and what we had said is that we see year-over-year flat to slightly down as far as constant currency,
Heather Bresch: Yes, on a constant currency basis. As far as France goes, I think there's a couple of dynamics at play. First, I want to reiterate that we have maintained our market share. We're holding as the leader in that market, with about 30% market share. So that has not changed. But to your point, what has changed is, as I stated in my remarks, is that not only a competitive landscape, but we see it as somewhat of an irrational. And I wanted to point out and emphasize that we're really managing top and bottom line. So while doing that and being able to maintain market share, our market share and maintain our year guidance to the midpoint of $2, we think all of that, combined shows again the diversity on what we've been able to maintain and absorb. I see that there is some overhang from the Mediator scandal that's going on in France right now. They put about 70 products on a watch list, and all that stems from a conflict of interest between the industry and AFSSAPS with a couple of the local participants in France. So they're really taking a hard look and I think that, that overhang lift as AFSSAPS gets comfortable with the remaining product line. And as far as -- we mentioned Spain, of course, having some pressures, but we do still see generic utilization increasing. We see nice market share continuing to increase in Italy. So again, in a substitution marketplace, we really see no fundamental change over the long-term. And so while some of these pressures are perhaps going a little longer than we have anticipated at the beginning of the year, nothing's changed as far as our long-term guidance and we still see a lot of opportunity in Europe as the macro environment lifts.
Heather Bresch: Yes, I think the wait and see is just really more the macro environment lifting in Europe. And that, I think, is going to be over a period of time.
Heather Bresch: Okay. So maybe I'll start off and then let Robert and John fill in. As far as your timing question, it was just that. As Robert mentioned in his opening remarks, we saw a couple of dynamics happen, especially with the U.S. business that just pulled up some revenue. Those came from, again, the earlier than expected launch of Budesonide, our launch of Cyclobenzaprine and what we were able to accomplish before the injunction. And then the third piece was our Letrozole. Again, there wasn't an AG [ph] that launched with us, so we had some favorability on that product and gained some, obviously, good pricing and good market share. So all of those things contributed to obviously a stronger than anticipated Q2. And that's why, as we pointed out, still looking at our guidance to the midpoint of $2 and still having a stronger than -- a second half of the year. But some of that opportunity was pulled into Q2, as you can see with our results today. I think quickly on the Australia point, we do continue to see that market evolving towards the distribution marketplace. As far as the pull through of product, we continue to see utilization increase. We've had, as I mentioned, product launches partially offset some of the pricing pressure we see. But we continue to anticipate pretty significant pricing pressure and I would say overall, that marketplace, all things being equal on a constant currency basis, is, I would say, about flat to slightly down as far as a -- from a growth trajectory for this year.
Heather Bresch: Sure. I'll take the Medco/Express Script. It's low single digits, between 3% and 5% of our business. They're both very good customers of ours and as always, when you see a consolidation, that can continue to change the dynamics of a certain market. But as like I said, it's between 3% and 5% for us.
Heather Bresch: So what I would say, as far as the growth dynamics, we've been on track with our launches and do have -- had some good marketing in Q2 that we see getting the full benefit of in Q3, Q4. We do see Europe having a stronger second half of the year than they did first half of the year. So we absolutely still see some important launches. And then again, going into 2012, we have over 300 launches in that region. So with the pipeline, it's very good, as I've said. An important, I think, material matter for us is the fact of our internalizing our products. So we're almost up to 50% of our current launches being internal product, and as you know, obviously, a much more favorable cost of goods. So as that dynamic continues to enhance, that again continues to increase the contributions from these new launches, which we do continue to see growing. So that's what I would say overall. As far as Germany is concerned, I think, what we have been saying is that, that market is going to just eventually be 100% tender. I think you've seen recent actions that the German government is taking to really test compliance with the tenders, which continues to deteriorate the retail business. So as you've heard us say before and Robert mentioned, getting a breadth of our product line in a position that it is high quality and competitive, we should be able to bring in that market, our scale, our full benefit of our global scale and capacity and volume and continue to compete in that market. I think it's just going to be about competing with high-quality products. And I, again, think some of the things that you're seeing with competitors in that market, as we're seeing in France, is not sustainable. We're again managing top line, bottom line. And I think there's a lack of sustainability with what some of these competitors are doing, especially the local players.
Heather Bresch: So let me take competition launches. We do have -- I had mentioned that we will have about 15 this year. We've launched 8, so we still are on track for 7 more for the second half of the year. And as far as direct, we are anticipating a launch for the second half of this year as well.
Heather Bresch: And as far as Asia-Pacific goes, we do continue to see growth, double-digit growth there. And really being driven again by Matrix.
Heather Bresch: So I guess to give a practical example, the best way to describe it is, obviously, given some competitors' different dynamics about how they report their businesses, you can show top line revenue growth if you're not remotely needing to worry about the profitability of that turn. So for Mylan, the visibility as far as our managing the top and bottom line, I think, is very evident. We don't have other large brand products or brand portfolios that can absorb whatever profitability or lack of profitability you're deriving from just focusing on driving that top line revenue sales. So that's what I would say when I'm saying irrational behavior in Europe. I think that what's important to note is that I don't believe that's sustainable. And I believe that especially in a marketplace like Europe where some -- a price control's perspective, you can't -- it's not like the U.S. market that when market share shifts or you have a disruption in market share and the ability to raise prices sometimes. That doesn't exist in Europe. So the players that are going to buy it and think that they're going to be able to reclaim or grow earnings from that at a later point in time, I think, is a pretty impractical approach to Europe. So we believe, again, the scale that we've created, being able to bring global scale, our cost of goods structure, as I mentioned, bringing, continuing to internalize products is very important to our platform in Europe and our launches going forward. I said that new product launches in 2012 would be almost double from a value perspective as they were to us in 2011. And Europe is also certainly a part of that in getting growth from new product launches. So I think overall, that the Mylan's [indiscernible] will be very sustainable and we're going to survive the macro trends, as well as the irrational competitor behaviors. And I think that certainly local competitors as well as regional competitors are certainly not going to be able to remain competitive with these dynamics. So I think as that marketplace continues to consolidate or people are forced to have a more rational approach, that's when we'll continue to see the timing and our growth trajectory start moving in the right direction.
Heather Bresch: Yes, I think it's both. I think it's going to be a good launch for us. And I think you pretty much nailed it, that it's not any one strategy. It's our ability to really, I think, garner the market share that we normally do on our product launches around 40%, and being able to look at other dynamics within some of the channels to be able to offset some of the brands tactics around that product.
Heather Bresch: We don't breakout the segment or that figure. This is what I can tell you is we're very pleased with the performance of that acquisition. It has exceeded our internal expectations. And as we've said before, we see it not only as an important precursor as we build our hospital, institutional business, getting ready for the biologic platform. But we do see some good Niche products that we have coming up the second half of this year and into next year that again, kind of fit right in the sweet spot of Bioniche and have some nice exclusivity to them so...
Robert Coury: In terms of India, I'm not prepared to go into numbers right now, but it will all depend upon how we decide to launch, whether we launch in the Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 playing field. And all of that is being formulated. That's why I said in the next 12 months, you can fully expect us to launch. At what tier we launch will all be dependent upon a lot of the work that's being done right now, Marc.
Robert Coury: And in terms of the word balance, Gregg, I think the word balance is in the eyes of the beholder or in with every particular company. I would not necessarily balance -- I don't want people to think it means 50-50 exactly. What I would say is that, that Dey asset we have, we've been kind of sort of incubating, and we are fully committed behind the future of this Dey asset. I can tell you that it's going to be a significant growth driver for Mylan in terms of everything that we've been working on. This year, 2011, is a significant year for that asset. But we fully expect to hear from the patent trademark office like any moment right now in terms of the, our patents coming out of reexamination. We're extremely confident that they're going to be upheld. With that said, that can move us right into the trial with a separate core on the pro bono product. It's also going to be extraordinarily important that the challenge that Teva has against our Paragraph IV, we believe all that can be settled in a very short period of time, only further bolstering the future of that Dey asset as we continue to not only execute on what we already have, but yes, you can expect me to concentrate on adding to what we already have as well.
Robert Coury: I mean in terms of Europe, I think we -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I think we have all the firepower that we need. I would classify Europe right now, nothing shocking. I would classify it as the beginnings of what I call a shakeout. As you've heard my commentary in the past, Europe is bound to head for the have and have-nots and those who can survive and those who can't. And I think a lot of the activities that you're seeing is all part and parcel of what we foresaw in terms of what has to happen. So I do think it will open up the doors for some tactical opportunities. I don't want to think that and I don't believe it's appropriate to think that Europe -- that driving the businesses growth should only come from a cost-cutting measure. I think that's a very, very weak growth story. So we are balancing between what we need to do within the integration period to appropriate, right-size that European platform. We still have some work left to do, but yes, I do see there are some real tactical opportunities, and I also see that going to be reflected in the valuations going forward.
Robert Coury: The timeframe on the biologics. I think the '14 is more, I would say, x U.S. And we fully anticipate to always launch x U.S. first, and then in the U.S.
Robert Coury: Yes. I mean, we are -- I don't see this -- I see this as not being an overnight answer. I see that, to us, it's just simply balancing between the number of product launches that we have, the ability to balance between market share and profitability, and I can't stress that enough. We're not going to buy market share just for the sake of buying market share because our story is a organic growth story. We laid down and said that we are committed to the earnings per share growth. And everything that we do, our complete mindsets are managing earnings per share for the entire company, a global asset. So how we balance that is really, that's really what matters. What goes on in a particular region, when we gave our guidance range, we're not giving our guidance range for Europe. We're giving you, and giving you visibility and transparency and giving you what management has very successfully done over the last 15, 16 quarters, is tell you what we see in the business going forward and what we think the earnings potential is out of that particular business. So I will tell you that, remember also that I said, in the United States, if you want to know kind of sort of how we balance a little bit in terms of managing, you do a little bit in the United States and you get an awful lot. In Europe, you do an awful lot and get a little bit. So I think the overemphasis on Europe is really, I would say there's too much emphasis being put on Europe. And I would strongly suggest that investors take a look at the entire global asset of each particular company and the ability to drive earnings growth with the entire asset. And that's basically how we manage. So to us, it's not relevant. If it does -- look, if there's any benefits that come from Europe to us, it's only going to be additive to what we've already projected for you. Because we've taken fully into consideration, at least what we could see for right now, in terms of the actions that we see some of our competitors are taking over there.
Robert Coury: Sure. Well, I think that's a loaded question for me, John, as you probably know. Because when I've seen some of the analyst reports, especially some of the reports that came out and said well, we're not even going to show up after day 2 because this is all but done. I just think once again, it's an extremely irresponsible position to take. I think that this judge, and I'm not just saying this, this judge is one of the most thorough judges I have ever seen in the 10 years I've been in this role. I have never seen a judge this attentive, this engaged, this involved, very precise. I don't think she's showing her hand one way or the other. I can only observe by the type of questions that are being asked where her interest lies. And for those who didn't enter the courtroom or did not want to come in after the first 48 hours, probably missed the most important aspect of the inequitable conduct trial. And that was during the closing arguments when the depositions of other people that were in the room with Dr. Pinkazi [ph] who stated completely the opposite of what she testified to. And so, look, we are very well aware of the threshold and the hurdles in the standards now in the inequitable conduct case. But I have to tell you, we have very, very thoroughly done our diligence, and I think we laid out a very strong straightforward case to the judge. And I think the judge got a lot to think about. In terms of what we gained by having the inequitable conduct trial first, I mean, to me, I'd call it a blessing. It was Teva that chose to have this trial separated and to have the inequitable conduct trial first. Tactically, I'm not sure I would have done that, that way, but I can tell you that we gained a significant amount in terms of being able to have that trial first, and only added to the strength, I believe, we already had going into the invalidity trial and the non-infringement trial in September. So I'm very, very confident, I'm extremely excited about where we stand there, and that's all I have to say for now.
Robert Coury: Here's where I can guide you. There's a number of opportunities that are at the table. I don't think -- one, what I would guide you is I don't think, one, I don't think we need anything more strategic. I'm extremely focused on more of the financial acumen of some of what I see out there. So I'm not sure one is over the other. We do have internal competition to justify why one project is better than the other. And I will tell you, again, I don't see anything strategic, I do see more of a financial acquisitions, bolt-ons, add-ons to augment our very strong organic capability of generating earnings.
Robert Coury: Right. And I think we disclosed at the time we made the acquisition in the latter part of last year that they had 40 products under development, and they continue to be under development and being launched.
John Sheehan: And on the SG&A side, Gregg, I would really point to timing of certain employee accruals and really, timing of expenditures. In addition to that, we're in the process of launching a direct-to-consumer campaign, especially over on our Dey specialty-branded business. And that also drove the higher SG&A. But we still feel very confident about the guidance range we have with respect to SG&A.
John Sheehan: I think with respect to the FX, while we don't disclose the profitability of our non-U.S. operations, what I would say to you is that the FX impact on the bottom line was not significant or not overly significant. I would also remind you that we have $1 billion of our borrowings in euro, which does even to the FX impact going the other way.
John Sheehan: And I'll come back to the Amrix point, sorry. We are recognizing revenue on products as shipped. And the only product that we have deferred the revenue on was the one we did with respect to Minocycline last year.
John Sheehan: I think [indiscernible] yes, because by the end of this year, just through the growth in EBITDA, we will be at 3:1, and we are very comfortable with that leverage ratio and therefore, the $500 million a year of free cash flow is available to us for capital allocation purposes.
John Sheehan: Thank you very much. We appreciate the support of our investors and we will close out the call. Thank you, operator.
