Heather M. Bresch: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining today's call. Mylan's first quarter results marked the start of what we believe will be another great year of performance for our company. On the top line, we generated total revenues of more than $2.7 billion, a year-over-year increase of 24%; and on the bottom line, we delivered adjusted net earnings of $500 million, or $0.93 per adjusted diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 22%. Not only is this a strong performance as the quarter goes, it also once again demonstrates the resiliency of the global platform we've built and our ability to absorb both our industry's natural volatility as well as additional headwinds, related to particular product and/or markets. Over the past few years, our strategic acquisitions and ability to truly integrate Mylan had allowed us to transform ourselves into a highly differentiated and diversified organization, as evidenced by our geographical reach, our broad portfolio, our extensive pipeline, and our ability to expand the world's access to high quality products. This organization enables our unique go-to-market approach in-country, optimizing our brand, branded generic, generic and OTC products. In fact, it's precisely this unique profile and approach of how, to how we now run and drive our businesses that led us to change our reporting from product-focused segments to geography-focused segments. For these reasons, we remain confident in our ability to meet our full-year adjusted EPS guidance range of $5.15 to $5.55, which is not dependent on any one product. Our strong first quarter results are set against a backdrop of the global debate regarding healthcare and, to a degree, unprecedented here in the U.S. The current debate continues to focus both on how healthcare has delivered as well as its price, and we are encouraged by the recent multiple actions of players across multiple industries that help reduce the burden to patients. As a leading generics company, Mylan has a 55-year history of providing access and serving as part of the backbone of healthcare systems around the world that help supply affordable medicine, and we fully intend to keep doing our part to deliver better health for a better world. I'd like to take this opportunity on behalf of Mylan's board and our entire leadership team to thank all of our employees around the world for their outstanding teamwork and execution during the quarter and for their continued commitment to serving all of our stakeholders around the world. In addition, we continue to build our bench strength and I'd like to welcome Dan Gallagher, who joined Mylan last month as our Chief Legal Officer. His extensive experience in regulatory matters, financial markets and corporate legal affairs and governance makes him an excellent addition to our senior leadership team and further depth to our already strong legal organization. He will prove invaluable as we maximize our many opportunities. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Rajiv.
Heather M. Bresch: Okay, Elliot. Thanks. I'll start off and then Rajiv or Tony can chime in. Elliot, I think this is no different than the consolidation we've seen over the last several years. When you look at our customer base, the consolidation, especially from a global perspective, what we've said then and remains true today is that consolidation is really a benefit to a company like ours at Mylan, given our portfolio, our breadth. and our geographical reach, our ability to not only supply the level of demand that is needed but to be able to do so on a global basis. And I think what we've seen as a continued strength as these customers have consolidated our ability to really leverage our entire portfolio as well as our pipeline. We've got some important products coming. And what I would say is I can appreciate some of the players that are in one country or geographically landlocked or from a product perspective not being able to meet some of the supply and demand needed on a global basis. So I think this further underscores Mylan's differentiated and diversified platform and is allowing us to meet and exceed quite honestly what we have done in the past with some of these players as they're looking at a different business model.
Heather M. Bresch: And that reminded me and, Elliot, I don't think we can underscore this enough, we mentioned this at Investor Day, but the continuity of our management team. We've been together over a decade working with these customers and bringing that leadership. And I think as we look at all that's happening externally and the environment around us, that's continued to play a critical role in our ability to leverage our business. Thank you.
Heather M. Bresch: All right. Jami, I first have to jump in and just say thank you for the acknowledgment on transparency. As we said, many of us have had many discussions. And we told you, I personally said that, look, I want to continue to try to give the right visibility into this business. That's what we're here to do. We've got a lot of moving pieces and parts. We're trying to be reflective of how we're running and driving this business, which is completely leveraging all of these channels from generic brands and branded generics and OTCs and how we're leveraging those in country. So I really appreciate your recognition of that, and we're going to continue to do so. And the one thing I'll just say on EpiPen and then I'll let Ken get into some of the financials is that, as we said on Investor Day, Jami, we anticipated a big change in EpiPen, and we knew that it would continue to be a mix between the AG and the brand and we continue to see that conversion. But the reality is people had a very strong loyalty to the brand EpiPen and it's continued to be an education to let them know that it's the same product. But what I will say about EpiPen, it's what we expected, and obviously that continues to be into the guidance that we reiterated this morning.
Heather M. Bresch: All right, Gregg. Thanks. I'll start and then I'll let Rajiv take on the products. I guess Gregg, what I would say, I am not sure how somebody gives guidance without talking about capital deployment, whether that's in business development opportunities. I think we were very clear and transparent on Investor Day of what we said of our assumptions leading to that $6 target that we continue to walk through over the last five years. And that deployment of cash while maintaining our balance sheet being able to bolt-on important product acquisitions, as we've done already this year and we'll continue to do so. So, look, we continue to be executing towards the roadmap that we laid out in March and we'll continue to update as appropriately. But what we laid out on Investor Day is what we're executing against.
Heather M. Bresch: Okay, all right. Hi, Umer. I would say we exceeded on all fronts. When we acquired the Abbott EPD business, they were showing kind of a trajectory of a flat to declining business and we said, it's not about what the business is doing on a standalone, but what we believe we can do with that business. And I think we were able to show last year that we turned that to a flat to increasing in business. And then as we look at bringing on Meda and Renaissance, we continue to see our ability to leverage now the infrastructure around these countries that are allowing us to maximize the products that each of these acquisitions brought us, the Mylan legacy, the Abbott, as well as now with Meda. And so we continue to see our ability to get more out of that asset than they were doing on a standalone basis in conjunction with our existing businesses. So, yeah, we couldn't be more pleased and I think we will continue to bear fruit, the results in our really integrating Mylan and leveraging this platform will continue to show in our results.
Heather M. Bresch: Okay, David. I'll maybe take some at a high level and then others can chime in. I'll start with the acquisitions. Look, as we've done for this quarter and we will do this year is break out acquisitions and that contribution. I think I'm not sure where your numbers are – if those are old numbers, but what I will tell you, again, it's what we're doing with the asset in combination. So while we're breaking out for one year post-acquisitions to give that visibility on our legacy business to try to start now dissecting between the acquisitions, I don't think would be useful because it's really what we're being able to drive out of this asset in totality that is driving the results that you're seeing. As far as Biocon, I don't believe we've given the contractual relationship. What I can tell you, obviously, we have a very important partnership with Biocon and continue to be very happy with the performance both in the products that are already approved in marketing and those that are in the pipeline. So that continues to be a very important partnership. And as far as price decline, I think, Tony laid it out. I don't know if there is any other visibility. But I think that's why we try to give the dynamics around the fact that – where you have a first-to-market opportunity and you're the only player in the market and then there's five or six players in the market overnight, that certainly can drive a little bit of anomaly and volatility as you look at a year or comparisons year over year, which is the point we were trying to make. However, all products in and looking at everything across our globe, we're still saying our generic price erosion is in mid-single digits without excluding anything.
Heather M. Bresch: So I'll just start. I would say that, Marc, this is one of the areas where I think you really see the strategic acquisitions really paying dividends. When you look at the Mylan legacy business now with Abbott and Meda and those assets both from a geographical portfolio perspective that we've been able to pull together, and as I mentioned in my commentary, really gives us the unique go-to-market in these country strategies. You have seen us continue to bolster our number one position in France, and I would say Italy is closing in on and we currently are number one in Italy. So you've seen us really strengthen the strong positions we've had. And in addition to that, some of these up and coming markets that Meda brought us to really bring critical mass where we see nothing but opportunity from places like UK and some of these areas where now we have a very robust product portfolio and a really strong sales infrastructure to maximize. So I don't know, Tony and Rajiv, any other countries, but I just couldn't be more pleased myself with what these assets coming together and what our team has been able to yield.
Heather M. Bresch: Okay. So, Ronny, let me try. I'm not sure I quite understand your seasonality of the first question. You look at our global business today, over half of which is coming from outside of the United States, and the fact that we've got over 2,000 products on the market, there's not a real seasonality. With that being said, I think Ken at Investor Day laid out what we saw corresponding quarters and proportionality from 2016 to 2017 that would help for modeling purposes if you look at the percentage of the businesses. So again, I think what we couldn't be more excited about is the resiliency of this platform and the fact that the seasonality for any product or given market, we're able to now really absorb that and show this contribution continuing to grow in a meaningful way and not being so much subjected to seasonality.
Heather M. Bresch: And just on your point about unprofitable business, I would say, I try to state in my opening remarks, we've had a long history of being committed to a very broad portfolio. And as we've said, we have over – just even here in the United States over 630 products at an average selling base of $0.25. So there's a lot that goes into that mix. And we've continued to be committed to mean the most to our customers, and we'll continue to look at that. But I will tell you that meaning the most to our customers and having a robust portfolio is important. But that's not to say that we don't evaluate. And if something doesn't make sense at a certain period of time, certainly I think by the sheer number of what we've got in the market, it should suggest that we're very committed to continuing to offer a broad range of products.
Heather M. Bresch: Andrew, thank you. And thank you for your questions. I think what we've continued to say and what we continue to see is it absolutely is driving a different conversation. And as the external environment has been in, I'll call it, chaos and we've seen these cycles before over the last couple of decades that it really provides an opportunity for people to really do work about a company, their portfolio, their platform and that all generic companies aren't created equally, all branded companies aren't created equally, and all hybrid companies aren't created equally. And I think what we've continued to show is that the assets that we've pulled together on a global basis have allowed us to drive not only a different conversation but a reliable supply chain. Our commitment to generics over the past 55 years and certainly the investment we've made in important complex generics, like generic Advair and our biosimilars, was one of the largest pipelines in the industry. So not only do our customers see us as valuable to be able to have a global partnership, but certainly our pipeline drives much of that conversation and relationship and the importance that we are to each other. So I absolutely can't underscore enough that how the platform and our differentiation is absolutely allowing us to have very different conversations than if we were just in one country with a niche portfolio.
Heather M. Bresch: All right. Thank you, Chris. And I'll start. This is – yes, our EPS guidance range that we've reiterated this morning and I put in my commentary is not dependent on approval of any one product, to your point. Approvals are important – are an important part of our business and we have a lot of moving pieces and parts in our guidance. So I wanted to certainly point out, it's not – that range is not reliant on any one approval. So I think that's the point of having the range and thus being able to come out and reiterate that we're committed to this guidance range.
Anthony Mauro - Mylan NV: Thank you, Rajiv, and good morning, everyone. As Rajiv noted, we have continued to see growth across all of our regions, with very strong double-digit growth in Europe and Rest of World and solid performance in North America. We also continue to see growth from our global key brands around the world. As in previous recent quarters, the pricing environment remains a topic of much discussion throughout our industry. We are pleased that as a result of our diversity from a product, channel and geographic perspective, our expectations for the global pricing environment are unchanged, and we are still predicting mid-single-digit price erosion globally for the year. This quarter, we actually saw price erosion in the low single digits on a global basis. While price erosion in our U.S. generics business was in the mid-single digits. Looking ahead in the U.S., we have several meaningful first-to-market products that launched in 2016 that have come off their exclusivity periods, which will cause fluctuations and skew year-over-year comparisons in the coming quarters. This being said, excluding these products from our future outlook, we expect that our U.S. base business will continue to maintain annualized erosion in the mid single-digits. Let me reiterate again that we continue to believe we will see mid single-digit price erosion for our global business for the remainder of the year, including all products. With respect to EpiPen, the authorized generic continues to gain traction and now represents almost 40% of the epinephrine auto-injector market. Additionally, we have seen market growth pick up to more than 10% year over year for the category. The AG also continues to have the lowest wholesale acquisition cost of any Epinephrine Auto-Injector on the market. That said, competitive activity in the space continues to be robust and our overall shares declined from last year. You are aware of the worldwide recall of 20-plus lots of EpiPen by the manufacturer Pfizer's Meridian Medical Technologies. We quickly implemented a voucher program for patients to replace any impacted products and have successfully been executing on this program. We in partnership with our customers continue to communicate to impacted patients and replace their product as efficiently as possible while ensuring these patients have no additional out-of-pocket costs. We also note that Meridian Medical Technologies is contractually responsible for the recall costs. We continue to be very pleased with the contribution from the assets we have acquired, which have even further strengthened our broad portfolio offering for our customers. For example, during the first quarter, we completed our acquisition of Cold-EEZE, as we continue to expand our OTC business. Cold-EEZE is now Mylan's largest U.S. consumer healthcare brand and we look forward to serving this loyal customer base and supporting this well-known brand. With that, I will turn the call over to Ken.
Anthony Mauro - Mylan NV: Thanks, Heather. And, Elliot, yes, historically we've seen consolidation and the consolidation of businesses and aggregating these models together have some effect on erosion. What we continue to see, though, is that we have this differentiated platform with a diverse portfolio of products, best-in-class service levels, and the inclusion of new products into this mix in terms of always adding to what we've had. So we're excited to service McKesson, Walmart, and all our customers, and we want to mean more to them in the future. So I think that scale along with our geographic overlap plays a very important role into our success in that business.
Anthony Mauro - Mylan NV: And maybe just to close, we do feel very good about the growth we've seen in our leadership markets in France and Italy as well, as some of the up and coming, like Heather said, UK, Germany, Poland, and Nordics, all of them did well.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: So let me take the easy one first, which is Copaxone, and just talk about our readiness. Yes, you will expect us to be in a state of readiness from the manufacturing point of view – from commercial manufacturing point of view in anticipation of the target action dates. Regarding generic Advair, so let me reiterate that this submission was done in complete accordance to the product-specific guidance and pre-agreed protocols. And we have not been asked to do any additional clinical endpoints or device-related studies at this juncture. What we have been asked is now that some of the studies, especially the device-related studies, we have now been asked to analyze and report our findings of our study against the newly issued industry draft guidance for conduct of human practice studies – draft guidance. So that's what we want to go back and discuss with FDA, and we can get this meeting any day. We have been waiting for this meeting and it can happen any moment or any day. And we can only comment upon the potential impact of the CRL once we have these discussions behind us. So that's what we are waiting for before we comment upon any impact on timing.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Yeah, Gregg, on Advair, I mean, there is nothing in my voice you should hear that we don't feel comfortable about interpreting our data to the new guidance, but we have a difference of opinion at a policy level that agency is applying a draft guidance as against a pre-approved or pre-agreed protocol. So that's what we're trying to discuss and negotiate with them because it all adds to the timing and the classification of the CRL. Second, on Lantus, we are very much on track and you should expect to hear from us anytime now about our regulatory filing in USA.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: It's too early for us. We have sought a meeting and we have been told that FDA is working on to grant us a meeting, or very soon we'll hear from them. And I don't want to comment anything beyond that. We should be able to be in a good position to talk about it once we have this meeting behind us.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Nashik is not limited to antiretrovirals. Nashik is a global site and does produce some U.S. products and some of the U.S. launches will be potentially impacted by that. But as I confirmed, they are not material to our overall Mylan's business.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: No. There's no discussion in this complete response letter or a point being made about this being not 505(j) or being about 505(b)(2). And we don't see because it is exactly – the product is exactly as per the guidance issue by the FDA. It has been accepted as 505(j). So I don't want to even think and comment about that because it's not real. So I don't want to speculate on that.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: And I think that one of the questions was do we see any more government instituted price cuts and all that. No, Marc, we don't see at this time what we saw a few years back. And this Meda acquisition and Abbott acquisition has so well positioned us to leverage anything we drop in and add on to that platform now.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: And, Andrew, regarding business development, we are executing to the plan, which we shared with you on our Investor Day. We have a very exciting and active and rich pipeline, which we are trying to close certain deals and bring products home. So we see many tuck-in opportunities out there.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: And, Chris, as I earlier mentioned, it will be prudent for us to wait for this dialogue before we comment on the potential impact on any timing our Advair launch. And with regarding your question on Neulasta, you can expect us to have this product end of – towards the end of 2018 or early 2019.
Kenneth Scott Parks: I'll also say thank you for the comment because we are truly the way we put the release together and including providing you a number for North America excluding EpiPen, we'll still allow you to have that visibility into what's going on with the EpiPen product. With that number, you've done the math, you can model it, you're right in the ballpark. As far as projecting out the year, we don't give any quarterly kind of run rate on EpiPen. But as Heather said, what happened in the quarter was very consistent with what we expected. The recall did occur. We've disclosed both in the Q and in our commentary that the costs of the recall are recoverable. That has driven a little bit of change in trend and some of the sales number, but nothing of significance. But to reiterate, we said at Investor Day that year-over-year EpiPen profitability at the operating profit level will be down $400 million year over year, a huge number. $500 million at the gross profit level, offset by some reduction in spending in sales and marketing. And that's exactly where we're moving through right now. So, you've done the math, you're right in the right ballpark, and everything is exactly how we expected it. As far as new products, we said we'd have $850 million of contribution this year year-over-year for new products. And at this point in time, we're working towards that roadmap. It's a long list of products. And whether it would be at the low end, the mid, we're generating those new product launches in order to drive to $850 million.
Kenneth Scott Parks: And, Umer, thank you for the question. I actually should have answered it because it was in Jami's queue of questions a little bit earlier. Yes, the componentry of the revenue guidance we're reaffirming as well.
Kenneth Scott Parks: Heather, I think you said it very well. David, our U.S. price erosion methodology really is about like-to-like from a year-over-year perspective. And the one thing we were noting, yes, we feel very strongly about mid-single digits globally. And in the U.S. in 2016, we had several meaningful first-to-market launches that certainly don't have the same valuation in the corresponding period for 2017. So we wanted to note what that base business corrosion would be without those in it.
Kenneth Scott Parks: And so if you think about that, because I know what you're trying to get to, which is as we move through the year, how do you look at gross margins. What we told you about the first quarter was gross margins were down 60 basis points year over year, and that is consistent with what we projected and gave you an outlook for, for the full year. So even though seasonality may move around a bit, and you've followed us long enough to know that the second half is a bigger half than the first half is, we don't see a significant amount of variation in that. We saw in the first quarter what we have an outlook for, for the year. Specifically, as far as new product introductions, new product launches this year we indicated would be heavier obviously in the second half. Last year, I would say if you're looking at fourth quarter to first quarter, not significantly different because they were lighter new product launch quarters.
