Heather M. Bresch: Thank you, Tony. I'd like to take you through a few additional financial highlights for the quarter before turning to Q&A. Adjusted gross margin for the first quarter of 2016 was 54%, up approximately 100 basis points from the prior-year quarter due to the positive incremental contribution from established products and new product introductions. We expect our full-year adjusted gross margin to be in line with our previously communicated guidance range. R&D expense on an adjusted basis was approximately 8.6% of total revenues for the first quarter and an increase as a result of incremental expense from our investment in established products as well as continued investment in our respiratory, insulin and biologics program. At the same time, SG&A, also on an adjusted basis, was approximately 23% of total revenues for the quarter. The increase in SG&A from the prior-year period is due primarily to incremental expense from established products in this year's first quarter. We anticipate R&D and SG&A, each on an adjusted basis and as a percentage of total revenues for the full year of 2016, to be within the guidance metrics we communicated in February. Turning to cash flow and liquidity, adjusted cash provided by operating activities totaled $202 million for the first quarter. Capital spending was up slightly as compared to the prior year at $52 million as we continue to invest in our businesses and growth drivers. As of the quarter's end, our debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 2.4 times. We have no amounts outstanding on our accounts receivables, securitization and revolving credit facility. And we have full access to the $1.2 billion of cash on our balance sheet. We continue to have ample borrowing capacity and financial flexibility. And as a reminder, we have fully-committed financing to fund the proposed acquisition of Meda. Subsequent to March 31 of this year, the warrants associated with our cash convertible notes, which matured in September of 2015, were settled, resulting in the issuance of 17 million ordinary shares. The dilutive impact of the warrants is included in our diluted share count for the quarter ended March 31 and was assumed in our guidance. With that, I'll now turn the call over to the operator to take your question.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure Jami. Thank you. So, first let me address your Meda question. As we stated, their results were very much in line with our expectations. I think one of the disconnects is that the Street, or here in the United States, had not followed Meda's business all that closely and then certainly, post our announcement of acquiring them, I think there's been no following of the business. So I think there was just a real disconnect with consensus as to what Meda was expected to do. As far as the businesses, I would differ that Meda and Omega don't look alike really at all. Meda, as we said when we announced the acquisition, is a very diverse company with no concentration in any one country or any one product portfolio. It's truly spread out over hundreds of products that allow us to truly build critical mass in some continued very important countries for us, especially throughout Europe, and then as we mentioned emerging markets, a presence that we had not been in. So, I would first start out with the businesses look totally different. With that being said, I think we've been very clear that Omega was a great asset. But you can put a wrong driver in charge of that asset. So, I can't comment. I'm not running Perrigo or Omega. What I can tell you is that our track record of integrating very large, diverse European business started almost 10 years ago with our acquisition of Merck KGaA which I would hope that we would all sit back and say that we did a great job of not only integrating them, but continuing to deliver double-digit growth over the last 10 years. So, look, we are committed 1 billion percent to bringing the Meda asset in. As we've always said, it's not what the company's doing on a standalone basis. It's what we're going to do as a combined platform. And we believe the Mylan-Meda platform will continue to be one of the most diversified and differentiated ones in our industry. As far as pricing, look, I agree there's pressure. There's pressure on companies that have had a very, very niche concentration on a portfolio and have, I think, in many cases executed practices that are not sustainable. And I think we've talked about that for a long time. And I think as we – as I wanted in my opening comments to really resonate, I hope, with the investment community to say to really step back and take a look at companies who have – are making most of the products they sell, integrated a true global supply chain, meaning we control our own destiny, versus companies that are doing nothing but in-license products for all of their products, or acquiring products and after they acquire them cutting all of the R&D, the people, everything associated with it. So, what I really was trying to call out this morning is over the last decade of us investing in products, R&D, and people, manufacturing, CapEx, over the years, I won't say that we didn't take our fair share of criticism that we maybe were investing too much. Maybe we were investing too much capital in our manufacturing operations and Paragraph IVs and injectables and complex products. And I would stand here and hope that as we look back at the last 10 years of growth that we've achieved, and more importantly, the growth that we see going forward. We've put targets out there that continue to show a very robust growth platform. And we believe, as I said earlier, we're just getting started. The runway out there for us to add more products, more dosage forms, more therapeutic areas to truly leverage now the platform we have in place is just, again going to accelerate that growth trajectory. Thank you.
Heather M. Bresch: Thank you for that question. I will tell you that we remain completely on track with the guidance we gave. As you remember, historically, if you look back over the last couple of years, the phasing of our quarters have been very similar. From Q4 to Q1, we then step up to Q2, Q3 and Q4. Q3 typically, obviously with the EpiPen contribution, is seasonally our highest quarter. But look, we have a significant amount of new product launches, new business and volume growth. I mean, we continue to see volume growth as well as taking, as we've talked about, the price erosion that we had put in our guidance from the beginning. So, from our perspective, it's not about any one particular product. Again, we've got many, many different launches across the globe, so it's mainly here in the United States as well. And as I said, from everything we see today, we are completely on track to all the guidance ranges we gave you for the year.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure. And in the context of talking about a BX, it was in the context of Teva saying that they were going to have an AB rated. And I think that I certainly have maintained that I think the bar to get an AB-rated product is very, I believe very high given the regulatory guidelines with the FDA in a device drug product. So, and obviously, as we've said before in a life-saving device. So, we believe that as they continue to talk about AB that if anything, we would be – take the financial responsible thing and put a BX in there. I think even to their most recent commentary, they've really taken that off the table to, at the earliest, the end of the year, if not 2017. So, we continue, as Tony mentioned in his commentary, continue to be very excited in EpiPen. We'd continued to invest in that product and to continue to educate, build awareness. And you know I think if you just look at the amount of – if you look at just our school program and the amount of EpiPens that we've been able to distribute to the public school system, and the amounts of lives that have been saved due to it. I mean, so we believe the investment has been well worthwhile and that the community continues to resonate to the education and awareness. And as we've said, there's over 20 million lives at risk. So, we believe that our just growth in the continued market size gets significant runway.
Heather M. Bresch: Yeah, no. Thank you. We see no effect, obviously, on Mylan or our inversion from the Treasury rules that came out. I think we've also been vocal about that we don't think a Band-Aid fix to the tax code is the right thing for the industry from a global competitive perspective. So I would continue to hope that the next administration takes a much more holistic view at the tax code and makes the United States a competitive place to do business, not a place to handcuff you to stay here. So that would be our comment on inversion. And as far as we'll continue, nothing changes about the guidance that we've currently given on our tax rate or any of the other ranges that we've given. And going forward, if there's any impact, we'll be sure to communicate that.
Heather M. Bresch: Yeah. Thank you, Randall. We absolutely believe consolidation will continue, I think not only just from a U.S. perspective, but from a global perspective. I think as you step back and look at the dynamics of this industry today, I mean they are just significantly different than they were just a few years ago. Everything from our customer base that continues to consolidate and have a global footprint, there needs to have a global partners that can truly marry up an effective and efficient supply chain, cost of goods, the breadth of portfolio while not losing sight of investing in the complex products like a generic Advair, bringing to the market. So, I believe that there will be a continued consolidation around the globe. And we absolutely plan to continue to participate. What we've said is that given the platform, both operational and commercial platform that we've built today, that it's easy to now complement it with bolt-ons that allow us to continue to grow critical mass, just like we're doing with over-the-counter business. As we bring in the Meda and now have a billion-dollar franchise, we'll be able to continue to think about the best ways to continue to grow that channel throughout the globe. So, yeah, I think there's going to be much more consolidation and I think that the global players with global scale, which is why we do really believe we've differentiated ourselves. And it took 10 years; it's not a flip of a switch. Companies may want to change their business models, but to change business model, you've got to be willing to take the time and the investment needed to truly change your business model.
Heather M. Bresch: Ronny, I think as we've said, we are well beyond being about any one product or launch. I mean, we're launching hundreds of products around the globe. And so I think again, as you look at more of the channels we're operating in from hospital with our injectable business to the retail business, on to our specialty, Rx business, I mean it's truly a holistic One Mylan that's allowing us to manage and absorb the volatility within the marketplace.
Heather M. Bresch: Yeah, no, and Umer, as far as Brazil goes, if we're down to talking about things that represent 1% of our revenue, I think we're doing pretty good. So, there is no, obviously, significant impact whatsoever from the reclassing of the Brazil operation. And as far as cash flow, I think it's all expected. We had some timing issues around inventory build and some of the product launches, but certainly nothing out of the ordinary, whatsoever.
Heather M. Bresch: No. Thank you. Look, I think there's been significant confusion both with the investment community and Washington when it comes between generics and specialty products. I think that as we look at some of the hearings that have taken place, at some of the dynamics and some of the discussions have all been around specialty products or one-player products. So, when you step back and look at the generics portfolio, the generic industry today represents 88% of the volume of all drugs dispensed in the United States. We've saved over $1.5 trillion over the last 10 years for the U.S. healthcare system and we today represent 28% of the pharmaceutical spend which is only 10% of our healthcare spend. So, when you really drill down to, generics have continued to be the backbone of this system. We have continued to have products that continue to face competition and that's why we said mid- to single-digits has been our price expectation. It's been that way for the last several years. It's been very stable and as we came into this year, we said we see that remaining the same, that stability around pricing, but not for everybody. And this is, again, why I think we're trying to do the best we can to help everyone understand and distinguish between companies. Companies who are focused on very small niche areas, focused on practices that are not sustainable, practices that they now have to take out of their future guidance which is showing no growth for certain companies has no bearing on a Mylan and the platform that we've built with having hundreds of products here in the United States, continuing to launch many, many new products, both that are high barrier to entry and afford the opportunity to continue to have, whether it's higher gross margin or complement our current platform. Is why we believe it's the right inflection point and why I truly believe the rebasing of this entire sector was needed to allow, I think, this refocus and the visibility around truly individual business models. I think the investment community did a pretty good job beginning to differentiate between brand pharmas, whose expertise was in what, from an R&D perspective, from a manufacturing perspective and I truly believe that when you apply that same lens to our industry, it's going to become much more clear about the companies who do have a sustainable, long-term growth future ahead of them, and we believe Mylan leads that space. Far as our customers go, the consolidation and their needs completely marry up and enure to our benefit. Our global customers have global demands. The needs to be able to have high-quality, effective and efficient supply chain, have products where they need it when they need it, that time to market has never been more critical. And we, again, have put a global supply chain to meet those demands. I think our customers are recognizing it. And I think that it's about looking at our whole basket of products. So, yes, the FDA is going to continue to approve products. Mylan's got one of the largest pipelines waiting for approval with the FDA. So, we're looking forward to them hitting that backlog and getting products to the market. And again, we believe we'll get our disproportionate benefit because of the breadth of our current basket of business that we do with our customers today.
Heather M. Bresch: Yeah. No. Thank you. Very much so. I think that it, both from a vertical integration as well as just our manufacturing operating platform. So there's two aspects of that. Vertical integration means that we're producing our own API that goes into the finished dosage form and then manufacturing our finished dosage form, or we're acquiring API from a third party but still manufacturing our finished dosage form. And the multitude of finished dosage forms that we now are capable of span by the dozen, so from oral solid to injectables, to extended release, to topicals. So we've continued to really invest and build out that capability. And so what we see, again as being this differentiator, controlling our own destiny through being able to manufacture, perhaps vertically integrate as well our global supply chain is what really gives that – gives us that head start or that advantage from a cost of goods perspective and the efficiency around it. So, just like we did with the Merck business, we were able to look at products that we could either consolidate that buying, we could bring alternate manufacturing in-house and be able to really leverage again our platform. Today, even more so than eight years ago because our manufacturing footprint has expanded dramatically, ten-fold since we did the Merck acquisition. So, our ability to bring the Meda's line which they do very, very little manufacturing. Most of their products are in-license. Again, that's just another added benefit of Mylan and Meda joining forces to really be able to optimize the operational and commercial platform that we've put in place.
Rajiv Malik: So, let me start with the first one. I think we have not lost our focus after integrating Merck. And we have not lost our focus on continued ways and means to optimize the parts, leverage our assets in the best possible way and not lose our sight on the cross-margin and the cost of goods line. So we continue to see opportunity as we bring more and more complex products, as we bring more and more strategic product internally to vertically integrate. We see more opportunities. Now, from – on the dermatology, other than having many organic R&D-incubated opportunities which we already seen coming to life, we continue to look out for enhancing and strengthening this portfolio in a strategic way. So, we're looking for a group of portfolio, product portfolio of families around dermatology to further strengthen this line of the business and are out there to look for more and more opportunities in this space.
Rajiv Malik: And, Ronny, on insulin, we remain on track to bring forth as well as the file very soon both in Europe as well as the U.S. And also I would like to highlight that Japan approving insulin of that is the same .
Rajiv Malik: So, I will only – I don't know what specifically you're talking about but our study is very much in line with the guidance issued by the FDA and there is no separate bridging study just from that point of view.
Rajiv Malik: I would say all, pegfilgrastim, trastuzumab and glargine are very much on track and we'll be filing in the next few months.
Rajiv Malik: Okay. Let me – on Advair, I think we have a head start from filing an acceptance but we don't have a head start from the six-month exclusivity from – because it's not a Paragraph IV certification. But we might have a market exclusivity just because of that head start and where we are with the fine. The second one was both...
Rajiv Malik: The emerging markets. It's a timing issue. It's nothing but a timing issue. It's some delay in the launch of tenders where we already have the contracts, but there's a delay in the launch of some of the tenders in our HIV business in those emerging markets. So, it's nothing more than that. Our commercial business in India and other emerging markets are going pretty well. You saw our HIV business where we saw some delay in the launch of those tenders.
Rajiv Malik: Yeah. On France, we saw some pretty strong growth from our existing products and the volume and the market share perspective. We saw very strong growth in UK whereas our Italy was pretty stable and in line with the market growth.
