Ken Parks: Thanks, Heather, and good morning, everyone. I'll take a few minutes to provide a quick overview of our financial results for the first quarter. Total revenues of $2.5 billion were 7% lower than the prior year or 2% lower excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange. On a constant currency basis, net sales in both Europe and North America were down 6% and were partially offset by an increase in Rest of World, which was up 11%. The decrease in North America was primarily driven by lower volumes due to changes in the competitive environment and the impact of the Morgantown plant remediation activities and to a lesser extent, negative pricing impacts. These declines were partially offset by new product sales including Wixela and Fulphila and increased market share on our generic Copaxone. The decline in Europe was primarily due to lower volumes of existing products driven by timing of purchases of our products, by customers and temporary business disruptions due to the adoption of serialization across Europe, and to a lesser extent, pricing. Partially offsetting these items were new product sales. Growth in rest of world was primarily driven by new product sales in key countries such as Australia, Japan and China in addition to higher volumes of existing products, including those in our ARV franchise partially again offset by lower pricing. Moving to segment profitability, excluding approximately $70 million relating to the Morgantown restructuring and remediation program combined regional segment profitability declined 8% versus the prior year. The Europe and Rest of World, were down 21% and 12% respectively, reflecting expected incremental investments in selling and marketing versus 2018, as well as unfavorable impacts from foreign exchange. North America, up 1%, reflects contributions from new product sales and increased generic Copaxone sales, which more than offset impacts from lower volumes on existing products. During the quarter, total adjusted SG&A was relatively flat year-over-year, reflecting incremental investments in selling and marketing, offset by benefits from ongoing integration activities along with the favorable timing of certain G&A items. For the remainder of the year, we'll continue to make our investments as efficiently as possible, monitoring and managing such cost to support our top line expectations. For the quarter, we reported adjusted net earnings of $422 million and adjusted EPS of $0.82. Adjusted EPS versus the prior year primarily reflects the impact of the decline in our total revenues. Adjusted free cash flow for the three months ended March 31 was slightly better than our expectations at $27 million, a decrease of $637 million compared to the prior year. As we previously discussed, we expect over $1 billion of new product launches in 2019, which requires incremental investment in net working capital. During the quarter, the year-over-year decline was primarily driven by these investments, including the impact of receivables related to our North America, Generics business and timing of payments of accounts payable. For the remainder of the year, we expect to benefit from growing adjusted earnings, coupled with targeted initiatives to drive working capital velocity improvements. At the end of Q1 2019, our debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio increased slightly to 3.95 times and was in line with our expectations and in compliance with our covenant requirements. As anticipated, our capital deployment priority is focused on deleveraging throughout the year, as we previously stated, we intend to repay more than $1.1 billion of debt in 2019, including scheduled maturities in June and November. We remain fully committed to our investment grade credit rating and to further reducing leverage as we work towards our long-term average debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio target of approximately 3.0 times. We anticipate that we'll achieve this target through both continued debt repayment and EBITDA expansion. Finally, as you've heard earlier, we are reaffirming our full year 2019 guidance that we provided this past February, including total revenues to be in the range of $11.5 billion to $12.5 billion and it's important to note that out of the more than $1 billion in new product revenues this year, we've already launched over two-thirds of the related products. In addition, we expect full year adjusted EPS to be in the range of $3.80 to $4.80 and adjusted free cash flow in the range of $1.9 billion to $2.3 billion. A quick comment on calendarization as you think about modeling, we continue expect adjusted EPS to be approximately 4 to 5 percentage points higher in the second half of 2019, as a percentage of the total year, relative to the contribution in the second half of 2018. This is due to the higher profitability of new product launches and the expected favorable impact of investments in selling and marketing. With that, we'll now open the call for your questions.
Ken Parks: Yes. And I think Heather covered most of that already. But the metrics, we will be looking at are definitely coming out of this review. And as you said, it's a very granular review, I would say the granularity of it is the new piece. Looking at the business with a disciplined lens on returns and where we invest the money and how we actually measure the business as we go down the path is something that has been built into the business. But this next step of taking it to a granular level and looking product by product. Our product family by product family and looking at all the cost it takes to generate that revenue and to support that revenue is really the work that we're doing and it's not just being done only in this business transformation office that we talked about by our teams across the world. So as Heather said there's a lot of work going into it. We'll come back to you with some metrics. We’ll talk about those at our upcoming Investor Day later this year and we would intend to tell you how those kind of effect, how you should look at us and measure us and ask questions on it as we move into 2020 in later years.
Ken Parks: When you think about getting to the mid-single digit growth as we move through the year also repeat that statement that we made as we gave our guidance for this year of the new product launches, specifically in Europe and rest of world, they would be more back-end weighted, we obviously had a large product launch in the U.S. that you're all aware of, which is Wixela in the first quarter, but you will see more growth in the second half coming from new products in the other two segments being Europe and rest of world. And on top of that, as we also said, as we're investing in selling and marketing, as we move into this year, we'll see the benefits of that more occur in the second half.
Ken Parks: And on working capital investments if you'll indulge me for just a minute. I'll give you a couple of tangible examples. So maybe that helps you understand what we mean by the commitment and the resources for new product launches. If you think about timing of new product launches. I'll give you two examples, we launched our generic Copaxone, in the fourth quarter of 2017. Therefore, if you think about how those receivables build and get collected and how that affects the year-over-year comparison. It was launched in the quarter so by the time you got to the end of 2017. We had a measurable amount of receivables from the launch process sitting on our books. They got collected in the first quarter of 2018. So when you compare that to the Wixela move we launched Wixela in mid to late February. So by the time we get to the end of the first quarter you actually still have the receivables or many of them sitting on the books but you then collect in the next quarter. So when we talk about working capital commitments to support new product launches, that's one of the ways that we mean and part of that is timing because that doesn't mean we're not going to get those receivables in the door, but when you count at quarter end and based upon the timing of when you launch, you could have some comparability issues on a year-over-year quarter. So that's for those that we've actually launched, but then I'll also tell you that there are working capital commitments as we get ready for launches. As we build up inventory and if you look at our inventory balance between December 31st of 2018 and the first quarter of 2019, you will see a couple of hundred million dollars of inventory growth and a part of that is due to preparation for launches of products as we move into the next few quarters. So it's a combination of both of those things and that commitment to net working capital while it may be timed a little bit differently is obviously good and supported by the fact that we have regulatory approvals for not only those obviously already launched. But the remainder substantially all of the remainder of the pipeline that's to be launched for the balance of this year.
Ken Parks: Sure Liav, thanks for the question. For the first quarter, it was approximately $250 million and I would tell you there is more heavily weighted to the U.S., you wouldn't be surprised by that based upon the Wixela launch. So I'd say approximately $200 million of the $250 million came out of the U.S., the remaining piece was split relatively evenly between Europe and rest of world. And also it also further supports the commentary that I provided earlier that says we had anticipated just as we had anticipated, the new product revenues in Europe would be more – Europe and rest of world would be more weighted to the second half.
Ken Parks: More on the stock-based comp. you're correct. You say that it was added back in the quarter it’s an adjustment to the quarter, but let me give you a little bit broader color to that to know what's going to happen for the year. As you may remember and as we disclosed as we move through 2018. We had basically reversals of stock-based comp expense ultimately relating to Blue Team 6 where we did not achieve that target. And as a result of those movements and reversals of previous expense, we actually ended 2018 with basically net zero stock-based comp in our 2018 results. So as we moved into 2019 as we put together our numbers for 2019. And based upon how many companies handle stock-based comp and there GAAP to non-GAAP results. We made the decision to adjust it out of our numbers to make the year-over-year numbers comparable. So you don't have the noise from no comp – stock-based comp in 2018 and you do have the stock based comp in 2019. So yes, it was anticipated it may have some choppiness within the quarters by a couple of pennies just because in some quarters, we're recording expense last year and in some quarters, we were taking back expense, but I can tell you for the year. The result, based upon – the way we're treating it from an accounting perspective now, is that you will have zero in 2018. Because of the way that the adjustments came through and you will have zero in 2019 based upon us adding it back to our results.
Ken Parks: Thanks, David on adjusted cash flow. I'll start out with and that is what we give you guidance on absolutely no changes. I mean, as we said, well, the first quarter was light in absolute dollars on cash flow. It was actually slightly better than we expected based upon our working capital initiatives, even though we did have an investment and some timing issues around the support of new product launches. So I can tell you very clearly the guidance that we're giving today of $1.9 billion to $2.3 billion is exactly the same as we told you in February. As far as the revenue, I'll give you a couple of comments and maybe someone else wants to chime in but also just. I think one of the biggest things to remember. And I just gave Liav, these numbers for new product revenues. In the first quarter we had approximately $250 million of products revenues coming from new products launched and or carried over from last year. We have a roadmap to $1.1 billion of new product launch revenues in 2019. So we started that, we've seen the influx starting to come in, but we only seen $250 million from at this point in time. The good news about all of that is that we have actually launched about two-thirds, maybe slightly more than two-thirds of the products to generate that $1.1 billion and those that haven't been launched have already been in almost all cases they're all regulatory and science approval process. So part of what we expected and are reiterating today is that this would be a heavier new product revenue contribution in the second half versus the first and that's one of the primary reasons for the change in the trend line as we move from first quarter through the four.
Ken Parks: Louise, I think I understand what you're asking. But let me see if I can answer it this way, the biggest buckets. If we take the 1 billion one of new product revenues for 2019, you can kind of at this point divided into three buckets, about a third of it comes from the carryover impact of products that were launched in 2018 but hadn't had the full-year impact in 2018. So there is a carryover benefit into this year of those, and obviously they been launched in they have traction and they're moving through the process. The next third is primarily from Wixela from the generic Advair launched, the full year impact of that in 2019. So there's two-thirds of the 1 billion and the remaining one-thirds comes from those products that we will be launching as we move forward from this point. So I think that's what you're looking for as far as carryover and in year impact and you can break it into those three buckets.
Ken Parks: Maybe just to add, I think we've given ourselves to do these acquisitions, 5,000 salespeople throughout the world covering all regions and we have a global key brand portfolio really that's growing. Many of them double-digit, products like Creon, DYMISTA, Dona, Brufenand Elidel outside of the U.S. and I think this sets us up very well to position ourselves for growth in both these hybrid products like biosimilars in these markets as well as its brands. So I think we are well positioned to succeed there. And also in our largest U.S. generics market, if you see that construct our business,23%, 25% is coming from the commoditized bucket, whereas 65% -- 75% is between the biosimilar and the complex products like Wixela or Copaxone.
Ken Parks: Yes, I would tell you that as far as the cash flow we called out what the major drivers and the cash flow changes were kind of in the new products. Timing, as well as some inventory build related to preparations for new products. So it's not a significant driver of free cash flow. And I think we've commented on serialization as far as you're seeing the..
Ken Parks: So maybe on the U.S. pricing, yes, I would say, we see similar trends that we've seen throughout 2018 and the end of 2018 here in the first quarter. Like I said, previously, I always thought like stable is zero. I wouldn't say word zero, but I would also say, I don't see accelerated erosion in the U.S. market. As it relates to volume maybe I'll comment on someone else could add. Yes, we had done a number of discontinuations throughout 2018 over 100 SKUs that we had discontinued as part of a process to continue to prune our portfolio and that certainly has played a big role in how much we've seen year-over-year volume declination.
Heather Bresch: As you noted, we have been talking about the work that we've been doing on this front and certainly look forward to putting more substance around that for you guys at Investor Day later this year and I think that as you think about the work that we started in the fall that's going through 2019 would really benefit us 2020 and beyond. So certainly there is nothing to see from 2019 perspective, I think that this work for those familiar with it is, as I mentioned, a very granular level every SKU and you can imagine across our 7,500 products business in 165 countries that we're in and really taking this financial lens and disciplined approach is certainly going to allow us to reallocate in some respect our resources and the key brands and some of the opportunities that we have and continued us to bring that focus across the geographies and business we're serving. So, we'll look forward certainly to bringing more of that around Investor Day, as to the metrics and I can let Ken, certainly supplement but that will obviously coincide as we think about 2020 and beyond in the right metrics that we believe are the right ones to measure our performance as well as our outlook. So certainly, there'll be more of that to come as we look at those complementing, our existing start plan, and our existing opportunities as we said, predominantly organic to continue to grow and deliver future shareholder return.
Heather Bresch: And I would just add to come full circle. We absolutely see financial benefits to that. I think as you look at the returns in the value, as you look at value creating and value consuming assets. There's absolutely financial benefits to be gained from this exercise. So we look forward to bringing that forward.
Heather Bresch: Yes, two separate and distinct this economic contribution work that we're doing is certainly something management giving where we are after the 10 years of integrating assets really our opportunity to step back and like I said, take this moment in time to truly drive this company and manage and on value so that exercise is what I'm speaking out. To your point on strategic committee, again, believe what I said last quarter still remains true, which is, there is a tremendous amount of work being done and that when they're ready to report the strategic committee will report on where they are, and we believe that will be in the near term.
Heather Bresch: Sure. I'll start and then Tony, if there's anything you want to add. I think as you pointed out, the launch, we are very happy and pleased with the launch and the market uptake, certainly as we've talked about these complex products. We certainly had not thought about them in the traditional oral solid dose sense and kind of that market share uptake. We've certainly looked at these much more of a longer ramp with a - then a longer tail, especially in the sense of generic Advair because we certainly don't see competition anytime soon. And I think that as your commentary around, do we see that stalling a little bit? Yes, I think you had the first uptake because of – I think the successful launch. I think we continue to be encouraged by opportunities that we have that we think will continue to bring that uptake closer to where our expectations were. Because I think if you look at the entire generic marketplace between the AG and Mylan, the uptake I think it's running about 45% to 50%. So you're seeing that uptake and – but I absolutely see further opportunity for Mylan as we continue to work with the payers and continue to make sure that net is at the right place for everybody in the supply chain including the patient at the pharmacy counter. So it's certainly a balancing act across all of those fronts.
Heather Bresch: So I'll start on the spending or the investment. Look, we still see that 21% to 22% range as the right range. As I said in my opening remarks that we will certainly be conscientious around the returns and what – that is returning from a – return on investment perspective. But I can tell you that certainly as you think about our product mix, both as we continued to diversify away from commodity type product. So as you look at even here in the U.S., our specialty products, these complex products that have different services and things wrapped around them as we think about launch and providing the same services as the brands do to the customers and our patients. Just as when you go to Europe and look at our mix between brands and OTC, obviously these sales and what we're already seeing benefits from quite honestly is that investment in these key brands and what they're returning from that investment and certainly our rest of world where we've got the highest growth potential as we're bringing those assets into the market, as the dollars required at launch time and giving that couple of years time to reap benefit is something that we're certainly committed to. So I think on the very near term, we're obviously watching closely and we'll continue to manage this platform and all the moving pieces of it responsibly. I think that we'll also continue to show that willingness to invest over the longer term is something that has paid dividends to let us be where we are today with the products that we're able to launch. And now, I think being able to provide that level of investment continues to differentiate the hybrid model that we've created and that ability to provide everything from being competitively on a cost structure basis as well as allocating the right resources behind important products and key brands that we have in our portfolio.
Heather Bresch: And as far as the strategic review as I mentioned earlier, I'm not going to speak on behalf of the Board and the strategic review committee they're doing their work. And as I said expect that they will come out when appropriate, and discuss where they are with that. And as I said, I believe that will be in the near term.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So let me start by just saying, I think as you continue to see our evolution and we've shared some graph, I think even in our slides today that show our evolution around the buckets commoditized generics complex and specialty. We continue to see that value and moving up that value chain of products like a generic Advair, Copaxone or Herceptin. These products that obviously are going to be the bulbous of continued opportunity and growth from that perspective, the complement that we certainly have the branded side of our business, which we have continued to build a very good respiratory niche. So as we utilize our sales force and sales representatives to go out and continue to build on our YUPELRI launch, our performance and continue to build around that expertise in respiratory. We also benefit from some smaller sales forces that give us a lot of synergy between our institutional business as we continue to grow our injectables business, as well as niche opportunities whether that's wraparound services for Copaxoneor being able to be very targeted around women's health products. So we have actually created a lot of nimbleness from how we're attacking the commercial side and the infrastructure from a sales force perspective, so that we absolutely can continue to layer in their products that makes sense that again if we look at reallocating resources and capital behind, those products that have not only brand in nature, but from our perspective give a have a therapeutic benefit and it's synergy with where our we are trying to in energy is. And yes, we're constantly looking at products that complement that to acquire as we said that now with this infrastructure, we're able to layer end products like TOBI, which we acquired last year that's allowing us to utilize this expertise in a very targeted way and absorbing those overhead expenses
Heather Bresch: Yes, I don't think there's much to add on that. I think that it continues to be right where we expected and as Tony mentioned not, certainly not from a sequential perspective much change from Q4 to Q1.
Rajiv Malik: Hi Chris, this is Rajiv. I'll take your question, the business in Europe, primarily, I'll call it as a stable and steady with key brands, responding to the selling and marketing investments which were putting on, this is a timing issue and this is primarily due to -- not due to the pricing, but primarily due to that disruption, because of the implementation of serialization lastly without third party manufacturers, it's behind us, we have come to the normal state of the supply, and the second big factor was of course ForEx but on consistency that 6% is primarily due to the serialization.
Rajiv Malik: On biosimilars, the launch of Fulphila, the launch of Ogivri in Europe, Hulio in Europe will continue to drive that significant contribution in the new launch bucket. Fulphila has been a very successful launch from a U.S. perspective and will be a key contributor. We are also getting launch, getting digital launch, our biosimilar to Trastuzumab at that time and we will be here at the time of the market formation in U.S.
Rajiv Malik: So Umer, I'll take the first one. Thanks for your question. We have 45 internal sites, which are absolutely ready to go. And there was no hiccup as per as those 45 sites were concerned. But in Europe, our business is still quite a bit of reliance on a lot of third parties, and while we have been working feverishly with them. It's sometimes when the data transfer happens from the third-parties to our system and when you see that volume that's what perhaps was not anticipated. And second is from yes U.S. it's just according and the temporary dense, but in Europe, the pharmacies also needs to be ready to accept that and that's where the second point of the misalignment. The good news is that we are all over it and it's behind us and there is no, as we go on the rest of the year. There is no further impact of serialization on the supply disruption in fact we are back, we have created the backlog and back on the normal trajectory.
