Scott Smith: Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report that Viatris had another outstanding quarter in Q3. We achieved our second consecutive quarter of year-over-year operational revenue [Technical difficulty] our 11th [Technical difficulty] operating results and consistently [Technical difficulty] metrics. All evidence that we continue to build momentum as we bring the Phase 1 of our strategic plan to successful completion.  In the third quarter, we delivered total revenues of $3.94 billion, representing approximately 1% year-over-year growth. And adjusted EBITDA of $1.36 billion and free cash flow of $738 million, both of which, as you will hear more about from Sanjeev later were above our expectations. Based on our strong operational performance in the first 9 months of the year, we are reaffirming our 2023 financial guidance ranges for adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. Company is delivering strong operational revenues in line with our expectations. However, the impact of foreign exchange headwinds requires that we make a modest adjustment to our 2023 total revenue guidance range due solely to these FX headwinds. In addition, at the end of the third quarter, we were pleased to announce that we entered into agreements on all our planned divestitures. Announcing these transactions marked the achievement of an important milestone in the execution of our Phase 1, strategic plan.  We ran a strong and competitive process, and we're able to sign agreements to divest substantially all of our over-the-counter business, our women's health care business, our API business in India, and commercialization rights in certain noncore markets that were acquired as part of the Upjohn transaction. All within our previously announced time lines and valuation ranges. We anticipate closing all these transactions by the end of the first half of 2024. As we look to 2024 and beyond, the momentum we see in the business gives us continued confidence that we are on track to meet our previously stated long-term goals. Specifically, we believe our existing business is well positioned [Technical difficulty].  We continue to believe that adding new avenues for growth to the stable base business will help ensure that we reach our goal of accelerating growth in the future. As we move into 2024, we remain confident that with the proceeds from our planned divestitures and our ability to generate at least $2.3 billion in free cash flow per year, excluding transaction costs and taxes, we have a clear line of sight to hitting our leverage target ratio of 3 times. While also returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks and investing heavily to accelerating the growth of our business.  We believe our focus on returning capital to shareholders and on investing in our business will be important levers to put the company on the path to achieve our long-term goals of revenue and earnings per share growth, two measures that we believe will be critical to valuing our company in the future.  We plan to make investments both in our base business and in business development activities that give us the greatest potential for growth, patient impact and shareholder value. From a business development perspective, I am optimistic that we will be able to execute high-quality agreements that will capitalize on the strength of our global platform. We are focusing our efforts on M&A, strategic licensing and partnerships. We are looking for innovative high-growth assets focused on areas of unmet medical need that meet our vision of addressing global health care needs and bringing access to high-quality medicines to more patients worldwide. Before I turn the call over to Rajiv to provide you with an update on our operations and our pipeline, I want to acknowledge the recent announcement that Rajiv will be retiring as an Executive of the company next April. It has been a privilege to get to know and to work with Rajiv during this past year. I could not have asked for a better partner during my onboarding at the company. I wish him nothing but the best in his eventual retirement. I look forward to working closely together in the months ahead as we complete our planned divestitures and prepare the organization for the future. And to his continued partnership as a member of the Board of Directors. I'd now like to turn it over to Rajiv.
Scott Smith: Thank you, Chris. Thank you very much for the question. Yes, we're looking for innovative high-growth assets that bring in predictable, durable revenue streams, good fit for our business that we can leverage strong global infrastructure we have. You asked about the verticals, we're definitely looking at things in the verticals. We're also going to be a little bit agnostic. And if there's a good opportunity that lies outside of those verticals we will look at that very, very closely as well. The important thing for me is whatever we do, we want to leverage the global strength that we have as a company. And in terms of business development, I look at it in sort of in 3 buckets. M&A, of course, but also licensing is very, very important and partnership is very, very important. Some of them are more capital-intensive than others. And in terms of speculating on timing, I don't think -- again, I won't speculate on timing at this point. I think we're looking at things very actively right now, and we'll see where we get. But we're excited about the opportunities that are out there. I think there's a lot of opportunities where we're going and what we're doing. So I appreciate the question.
Scott Smith: Yes. So first of all, yes, to '24, I feel great about where we're going in '24. We've had now 2 consecutive quarters of operational growth, and we believe we'll finish '23 strong. I think it will set us up very, very nicely for '24. We have full confidence that we're on track to meet our previously stated long-term goals. I guess really importantly, we expect to have at least $2.3 billion in free cash flow in '24 and beyond. Even when you take into consider inflation, FX headwinds, et cetera. I think there's a very, very strong base to the business, and we expect to grow just with the base business, as you mentioned, in that 3% range. Just off to base the business that we have a very stable, growing, strong globally right now.  But we hope to even have a significantly higher growth rate than that from a revenue perspective as we start to invest in business development and other businesses and bring other assets in that can complement the organization that we have in place. And Rajiv, I think there was a question around divestiture.
Scott Smith: I also want to piggyback off what Rajiv said. And as we start to really pivot to real growth from a revenue perspective and given our capital allocation plan and our desire to buy back shares. We can move the story to a long-term adjusted EPS growth story, which we're very excited to move into that early part.
Scott Smith: Umer, I can't speak about our peers, I can speak about our China business, which right from ever since we have gone through this evolution around the policy dynamics and all that live through our 95% business has gone through the VBP. We had gone through the cycles of VBP. And we have taken this time to reorient and shift our business more towards a private paid channel. And that's what we have seen. We have found that the equilibrium between the hospital and private pay channel, and we have been trying to invest more on that. And investing in the pipeline, for example, even this quarter, just getting the Yupelri positive data because Yupelri and Dymista performance now going through the approval channels and also the pipeline. We cannot be more excited about what we are seeing in the underlying business or the fundamentals of our China business. Extending that to emerging markets. We take our time to figure out how to manage this the hybrid business we have between the brand as well as the generics, and we have found that sweet spot and you see emerging markets business, the brand is performing better than expected, generic performing better than expected.  So I can speak about our business, we seem very confident and optimistic about this business, and that's what is entering the stability to the base. And coupled with the new launches, new launch revenue, I think that's what is driving based growth of 1% year-over-year, 1% which you see in that. 
Scott Smith: Thank you very much, and thank you to everybody on the call. In summary, I'm very, very pleased with the overall execution momentum and the momentum that we have as we bring Phase 1 of our strategic plan to a successful conclusion. I'm very much looking forward to moving into Phase II of our strategic plan, and I fully believe in the future trajectory of Viatris, and I'm very excited for what's to come. Thank you all again for your attention.
Sanjeev Narula: Thank you, and hello, everyone. Before I begin, I would also like to extend my congratulations to Rajiv. It has been a great partnership over the past 3 years, and I am proud of what we've accomplished together. We trust our colleagues and patients all over the world to benefit from your leadership, expertise and dedication to our business.  Turning to our outlook. I want to reiterate my confidence in the strength of our unique global platform in the continued durability of our significant free cash flow generation. We're pleased with the outcome of our announced divestiture. Which upon closing will bring the successful conclusion to our Phase 1 commitments and further serves to accelerate our financial flexibility. As we work to finalize the plan for next year, and although we are not providing guidance at this time, we continue to expect at least $2.3 billion in free cash flow in 2024 even when taking into consideration inflation and foreign exchange headwinds to date. This excludes any taxes and transaction costs associated with divestiture.  For the second consecutive quarter, the business delivered total operational revenue growth versus prior year. The performance was diversified across regions and categories. The positive mix of brand and new products drove strong gross margins. From a regional perspective, we saw 2% growth in net sales from developed and emerging markets. The growth included the benefit from brands, generics and new launches.  Net sales for the quarter were in line with the expectation and grew 1% versus the prior year. A diverse portfolio of growth driver included brand performance in emerging markets, Europe and Greater China. These revenue trends and positive momentum are expected to continue as we exit the year driven by brand strength of our global generic portfolio and new products. New product revenue in the quarter met expectations and included the first quarter of Breyna. Adjusted gross margin was approximately 59% in the quarter and was ahead of our expectation. We continue to see the positive impact from portfolio decision driving favorable mix. We reported strong adjusted EBITDA, which included investment in SG&A and R&D to advance key programs across eye care, injectable and complex products. As a result of strong adjusted EBITDA and improved cash conversion, we had an excellent quarter of free cash flow of $786 million excluding the impact of transaction costs, which represents growth of 3% on a reported year-on-year basis. [[Technical difficulty] enabling us to deliver capital allocation which has helped to further and help us maintain our investment-grade rating.  Over last 11 quarters, we have generated over $7.2 billion of free cash flow, and as a result, we have been able to pay down approximately $6.1 billion of debt during the same period, and we will pay down the $500 million maturity in Q4 from cash on hand. Additionally, this quarter, we returned approximately $144 million of capital to our shareholders. [Technical difficulty].  Expect to absorb this potential FX impact and still cash flow. Now a few updates [Technical difficulty] we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA to be lower in Q4 than prior quarters driven by 2 factors. First, low gross margin due to less favorable portfolio and segment mix. Second, SG&A to increase driven by investment in the Tyrvaya direct-to-consumer campaign and other areas to drive future growth. We anticipate free cash flow in Q4 to be impacted by lower adjusted EBITDA higher capital expenditure and timing of biannual interest payments. As a reminder, our free cash flow guidance does not include any transaction costs and taxes associated with biosimilar divestments, the Eye Care acquisition or the planned divestiture. Additionally, our adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow guidance excludes any acquired IP R&D for unsigned deals. In closing, based on the continued strong underlying fundamentals of our business, we're well positioned for the remainder of the year and the outlook for 2024 continues to be positive.  With that, I'd like to hand it back to the operator to begin taking your questions. Thank you.
Sanjeev Narula: And one other thing to keep in mind, the business is that we're divesting. Their margins are generally less than the company average. So what we expect post divestment, company's margin like gross margin to be stable. From that perspective. That's an important thing to keep in mind as well.
Sanjeev Narula: Yes. So Jason, thank you for the question. So we had anticipated inflation pressure, and we've kind of talked about that when we made our plan give the guidance to that. We're managing our costs very well. So the impact is still there for inflation. And in this quarter, we have an inflation impact, but it is less than what we had anticipated. So clearly, our teams are doing a great job in managing the cost. And you can see that reflected in our gross margin, which is coming better than we expected. And we've actually raised the full year metrics to 58.75% on the strength of mix and us managing the cost, including inflation, better than what we had anticipated.
Sanjeev Narula: Yes. Yes. So Ash, on the FX, a couple of comments. So what's going on in the three currencies? So 70% of our business is non-U.S. dollar denominated. 50% comes from three currencies, which is the euro, Japanese yen and Chinese RMB. What was going on until about September as you could probably track that. Dollar had sense against the Chinese RMB and Japanese yen. And then euro was favorable to what we had assumed.  But September onwards, the euro started weakening with all the Fed action that was going on. So whatever the offset that we were seeing in the first half of the year went away. So you see the impact is much bigger now starting September in fourth quarter than we had anticipated, and that's what we are reflecting in our full year guidance, assuming the October 8 stands. So it's all three currencies. It's all FX and operationally exactly in line with what we had anticipated. And you saw that we reaffirmed our guidance on EBITDA and free cash flow absorbing the FX impact.
Sanjeev Narula: And David on launch of Breyna generic with the Symbicort. We couldn't be more pleased to launch another complex part to make products as affordable alternative to [Technical difficulty] we are looking at the pickup of market share. Now isn't kept for customers, for example, we can be in some comment -- selling to some common entities, veterans or issues like [indiscernible]. So it doesn't capture -- we are -- it's exactly how we are model. It's going to be a significant contributor because we don't see a competition on horizon at this point of time for the next year, it's going to be a meaningful contributor to that. And the miss -- and I won't call -- first of all, we are very happy to have more than $450 million. We have already captured $345 million on new launches, and we are well on track to do more than $450.  [Technical difficulty]  Most likely the launch being early the first quarter early in the first quarter of the next year. And nothing has changed otherwise, we are exactly on track. We delivered exactly how we planned.
