Dr. Jeff Nau: We're really excited about the portfolio that's been created here. And as Rajiv said, with the two dry eye assets making up most of the potential, I wouldn't discount the other products that are in the pipeline. They are exciting markets. This is the leading front of the eye portfolio. Lots of unmet need here with regards to things like blepharitis [Technical Difficulty] we're really excited about the opportunity to go forward. And I think what's most exciting about it is, we have many Phase III-ready assets that will drop right into an existing sales force that is there and ready to go.
Dr. Jeff Nau: Yes. Maybe I'll break it down into two parts, and we'll answer the easier one first. So as we have earnings coming up this week, what I would say on Olympia is we are tracking according to schedule, and we'll have an update there. And then with regards to Tyrvaya, I think what's really important in looking at this product is obviously first launched into the space this year. Our goal this year was really to build prescriber base. We are primarily a commercial prescription product this year. We still have bridge on. As we enter into 2023, we intend to pick up additional coverage. And at that point in time, we will reassess bridge. But I think that's also a really big opportunity for some marketing during that time. So we want to make sure that we have good coverage on before we really pull the trigger on marketing. And as we know, this space is highly sensitive to that type of marketing. I think when you look at a product like Tyrvaya, there's a really unique opportunity to market the patient as it is the only nasal spray for the treatment of signs and symptoms of dry eye disease.
Dr. Jeff Nau: Yes. Great. This is Jeff now, and thanks for that question. So I think with -- as it pertains to our Tyrvaya, as we look at any launch into this space, the commercial opportunity is obviously the first opportunity that any company would face. We've been lucky enough that this year we're tracking at about 19% of our scripts will go to Medicare Part D patients. As we turn the year into 2023, obviously, we expect those formularies to begin to adapt. And we're really excited about the opportunities as we move into that year. We've had great coverage so far on the commercial side. As you talked to, this is a really well-differentiated product. Our goal in 2023 is adopt that additional coverage and really just drive demand into the year. Before Robert jumps in, one of the things that I will say on the ophthalmology pipeline is keeping in mind there are a number of products in there, especially on the gene therapy pipeline, that are in that rare disease area. And so, that has already begun, but I'll let Robert add to the story there.
Robert Coury: So, I think as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, yes, we think that this is an excellent example of a very attractive -- the type of targets that we can be highly sensitive, while maintaining our investment grade, while being sensitive to the increase in R&D and while we continue to be real sensitive to adding to the growth to the top line. But I think most importantly, in terms of an earnings per share accretion, I also try to stress, given now the clarity that we've now delivered to the Street our capital allocation, we cannot ignore the 50% commitment once we're done with Phase 1 and hit our gross leverage target of 3x. There is a tremendous amount of more capital we intend to return to shareholders and especially through share buybacks. So, I think that the earnings accretion, the adjusted earnings per share growth is really going to be what this story is all about on a going-forward basis.
Robert Coury: Thanks, Chris. I mean I would say that we made a -- we've done a tremendous amount of work and analysis on where we wanted to take Viatris. We've examined all the things that have worked in the past, investments made in the past and kind of sort of where we are, where we want to take. I would say that the financial analog of our entire business model is what we're being most sensitive to. If you look at our current pipeline portfolio and if you just examine the rotation within our own pipeline portfolio, we've been changing, moving up the value chain. We have a complete different product mix today than we did four or five years ago. And we've seen the benefit of that already. So continuing to move up the value chain, and really, for example, the OTC, I'll be honest with you, is just a great business. It's not a declining business. It had very low single-digit growth. But in order to even keep that since we're not a consumer-oriented company, there was a tremendous amount of investment we would have to make year in and year out to support even that low-digit growth. Now as we shift our attention and really have identified what we consider to be what was once a core asset, no longer to be really a core asset, where we want to focus our attention going forward, both in human capital and financial resources, we think that today is a very good example of the opportunity to really once and for all set the interest on the trajectory of growth and do it in a way where we can grow that top line, grow the EBITDA, continue to generate significant cash flows while returning a substantial amount back to shareholders and especially through the share repurchases.
Robert Coury: Ash, obviously, we would have taken all that into consideration to be able to come here and to deliver to you our outlook. So the answer is yes, we've taken all that into consideration.
Robert Coury: So thank you, Glenn, and welcome to our sector. Let me start by saying, I think you can recalibrate if you get one of the variables in everything that you mentioned, and that is the base business from '24 and going on, we no longer see it eroding. Actually, we see a -- and that's why this morning I took the time because I think it was highly critical that, one, we identify exactly the assets for divestitures to support the economics and the expected proceeds we are going to get in; two, what we intend on doing with those proceeds in a very clear and transparent way. And then three, once these assets are no longer with the -- our core business going forward, what does that base business look like ex any inorganic activity, including this morning's announcement. So it's very important that we share with the investment community what is that current base business that we have right now, with all the assets that we have right now in-house, after these divestitures? What we outlined this morning and what you heard from Rajiv is what we now forecast, given now that we have much more visibility and clarity, a 2% to 3% based this erosion, which is naturally inherent in our model. And we're benefiting from such a lower erosion than really most in our industry because we did diversify ex U.S.; outside the United States. As I mentioned, I think that could have been one of the -- maybe sometimes misunderstood, were viewed as a U.S. and specialty generics company, but we're actually not. We've spent a considerable amount of time to derisk our model not to have such emphasis in any one market or, in fact, any one country. So I think once you can see the base business, only then, in the strength of that base business, only then when you begin to add that anything from that point forward can be truly additive. So if you take a look at the 1% that we see in the base business alone and then add the Oyster Point asset on top of that, that's how you get to the 3% revenue CAGR from '24 to '28 and a 4% to 5% EBITDA growth from there.
Robert Coury: And the answer to your last point, because there was a lot in your question, Glenn, there is nothing, as a matter of fact, right now, in the current models that we see as a hedge, we committed -- we are committing 50% return of capital to shareholders. But right now in our models, we have the other 50% simply accumulating cash in our current models. We did not deploy that cash yet for two reasons. One, we wanted to hedge for anything that can come our way; and two, we have not really identified at this juncture the specific target that we're looking at other than directionally giving you the kind of assets that we're looking at. So I think that from everything that we see, it should be noted that we are also accumulating cash in our model at a rapid base to be deployed, which also really significantly brings our net leverage ratio down even that much more.
Robert Coury: I guess I think the most important thing today, right now, today, and to be very honest with you, I don't know what '24, I'm not going to try to predict what '24 would look like. I think the most important commitment today is the commitment of 50% of our free cash flows to return to shareholders. That is a -- that's our commitment, period. Now if it were today, I have to tell you with our -- as I mentioned, I really think with our current PE multiple and where we are, it's very difficult, very difficult to find a better investment than to buy our own shares back. I just have to be very honest with you. So I think we want to focus on total shareholder return, dividend combined with share buyback. But if it were today, I would probably strike much more on reinvesting in our own business through the purchase of our own shares. Because I think what is going to quickly become the investment -- I think that what Viatris is going to become is very quickly an extraordinarily strong adjusted earnings per share growth story once we begin to execute. And especially the repurchase of our shares is going to go a long way, I think, in that story.
Robert Coury: Because I mean, one thing we are not able to be able to time exactly. So until we actually divest the assets that we've identified, we will continue to benefit in '23 from the top line EBITDA and even its cash flow. So look, the beauty about this is that we don't have a gun to our head and there's no need to rush and because these assets are all what they are. They're contributors, but certainly not where we want to apply our focus. That's why we took the time to build you a bridge to get right to '24 with all the activities that are going to be going on in '23.
Sanjeev Narula: I think Robert you covered that. You covered very well that we will have -- that we've not had in Phase 1 additional cash to invest organically, inorganically, and that will support that. That's why we are comfortable with the range that we talked about.
Sanjeev Narula: Yes. So Nathan, so as Robert pointed out in the opening remarks, so you start from where we are this year, which is -- it takes the midpoint. We're about $2.7 billion. There are two adjustments that we are making from there. One is the EBITDA loss that is from the divested businesses and the R&D increase. So that both have an impact on cash flow. A high percentage of that goes into the cash flow. On the positive side, you will see our onetime cash cost is coming down. And then there's going to be a reduction in the interest cost as we pay down significant amount of debt next year. So put all those things together and you get our number, which is close to what Robert talked about. Again, we're not giving the guidance. I think the important thing to think about this is once that 2024 is achieved, our focus that we have -- you have seen in t he last seven quarters in terms of continually growing the cash flow conversion in the Company will continue and we continue to add in the growth from cash optimization effort and then obviously focusing on our onetime cash costs. Now 2023 is going to be a little bit choppy, if I kind of use the term, in terms of the cash flow because of all the transactions that are going to be happening during the year. The base cash flow is going to be very, very strong. But as I pointed out, as we divest these assets, the taxes of these assets that only proceeds and some of the onetime cash costs gets recorded in the free cash flow line. So we'll provide you all the transparency so you understand that the cash flow is very strong, but the outlook that I gave you for 2024 is a good starting point from that perspective.
Sanjeev Narula: Yes, the R&D question, so the increased $300 million, that includes the investment from the two assets that we did, the R&D investment of those pipelines.
