Ken Parks: Yes. So, Chris, thanks for the question. EBITDA range, so we clearly provided a set of numbers in July that had a midpoint on the EBITDA of about $3.6 billion. We moved through our second half of the year that our full budget analysis we are – we have made no changes to that midpoint other than the impact of FX, but as you would expect to when we start a year in a very dynamic industry that has a lot of moving parts. We start the year like we did last year with a wider range that we fully intend to narrow around that midpoint just as we did in 2019. So, there’s no subtle message or inherent message about widening the range. Other than that, we’re starting the year when we fully anticipate, to keep that number that we showed you as the midpoint right in our focus.
Ken Parks: So, Greg, I’ll start with the free cash flow question. In the prepared comments, as we talked about 2020 while we’re giving you guidance on EBITDA specifically, I also specifically mentioned, and it’s worth reiterating that we think that 2020 free cash flow will be relatively consistent with what you saw and what we experienced and generated in 2019. Many of the drivers within that are, we’re starting to see some of the benefits from the transformation initiatives, but I would also point out just like we pointed it out for 2019 as well as 2018 that we continue to work on working capital velocity improvement initiatives. We’ve reduced our day’s working capital by probably six or seven days over the last couple of years. Each day is about $40 million at Mylan. And so you can imagine each day that we’re able to organize the business around reducing that working capital requirement gives us another dollar, or in this case, $40 million per day to invest in the business and redeploy the capital appropriately. So, the simple answer is effectively the same cash generation in 2020 supporting the new product, new product launches, but always focusing heavily on working capital improvements.
Ken Parks: Sure. Elli, thanks for the question. Look, I think I'll start this also and take you back to the fact that you'll see in the press release that we've included some discussion that's not in any way intended to be new discussion. But for the last 12 months to 18 months we've been talking about the fact that we're really looking at the right – trying to find the right measure that we can talk to you about that is consistent with how we talk about the business internally. And that's why we're moving to an EBITDA measure and it gives you some of the background for that. In doing so what I also want to point out is that comes out a lot of the transformation work that we've been doing over the last year plus, and when I give you a little bit of color about that transformation work, it will help you to understand why we're maybe not giving as much specificity around gross margins versus SG&A rates, because in that transformation work, we're really looking at economic profit on each one of our products, in all the segments and all the businesses and all the markets around the world. And in doing so, as you can imagine, each product has a different gross margin profile depending on the nature, you just heard the discussion on the previous question around how the product is either marketed or represented or how much support it have to have for it, whether it be from a salesperson or from a tendering process. It may have a different SG&A rate but what we're really trying to look at, as we're trying to look at the bottom line, operating margin, EBITDA profitability on each one of these products. Now that said, I will tell you that we don't anticipate significant movements in our gross margin rate from 2019 to 2020 or significant movements in our SG&A rate from 2019 to 2020. But we want to transition and help you transition to thinking about the business, the way that we think about it which is bottom-line operating profitability on each one of the products that are in our portfolio, because that's how we're making decisions around the business today.
Robert Coury: And Chris, thanks for the question. I would say that I’m mainly talking about revenue and EBITDA. Yes, certainly focusing on the maintaining of the high EBITDA margins that we have. We’re going to spend an awful lot of time and I’m very, very anxious to get to this close, so that management really has the opportunity to not just look at 2021, but look actually beyond that to ensure that 2021 truly is the trough year. You only have one time to reset. This is our opportunity to reset. And we, at the board level, want to absolutely make sure that management’s starting point has the best chance, not just to meet, but even to exceed. So that will be the focus that we have. And management, as I said, will come forth at the proper time to actually give you the actual guidance.
Robert Coury: Thanks, Randall. And I really think directionally, you have been doing a really good job in TeleGraphit. I think the trajectory of, where Viatris will – where it’ll be situated, when it starts and the opportunities going forward. So, I do appreciate the opportunity for me to embellish. I do think that the – there will be opportunities for revenue, the starting point of revenue. I think that whatever that starting point of revenue is some of you have directionally already picked up that the EBITDA, we have many levers to, I think, maintain a strong EBITDA base. I – we do intend on resetting the revenue base, and I do believe that there will be an opportunity to grow. I expect that management, I would like at the very minimum for them to be able to provide a three to five-year CAGR both on top-line and on EBITDA. And I think that we’ll be able to deliver that in terms of what the trough year is over the three to five-year timeframe. And then I do believe again, something, I think you’ve been at front, this creation of this new global healthcare gateway, I have to tell you, this has been in the works since 2016 for us. And the only reason why we didn’t announce this before, I mean obviously, if you saw what we were tied up with in 2016 with the whole EpiPen situation. And I think the street really, really missed the opportunity in 2018, because we were drownded out by all the noise, but it was the best year of science in Mylan’s almost 60-year history. And as you can see, not only did we continue – not only did we build the robust pipeline, but even some of the commentary that Rajiv made today, the three opportunities that we have in our pipeline. The reason why we couldn’t fit – you actually announced the global healthcare gateway that’s been underway since 2016 is because without the Upjohn business and without really having critical mass in China, you really can’t make that claim. We were simply dabbling in China, but Upjohn gave us the critical mass. So, we will be building out an official department that’ll actually be in charge. It’ll be – that department will be led by the new CEO, Michael Goettler. He will be driving that global healthcare gateway and I believe that all future capital allocation and all the disciplines that need to be around future capital allocations will be within that global healthcare gateway. You can fully expect that our internal R&D business development will be in very, very much competition of capital going forward against continuing debt repayment or share buyback or any other opportunities that we would have. But I do think that we have a number of levers and I’m really excited once we get to close this and really, establish to the department of global healthcare gateway, I do think that we will be recognized as partner of choice and represent a real unique opportunity to bring ready access to other spec pharma companies to bring their products around the globe.
Robert Coury: Well, I want to be careful Umer, because I also think you were a leader out in front, doing a lot of work, extensive work. I think you are directionally, absolutely. I think you’ve been probably directionally most correct quite frankly. And again, I don’t – it’s not that I’m given guidance here. I do think that there’ll be adjustments on both revenue and EBITDA, but less on EBITDA, because of what you said, because of the – let’s not forget the billion dollars of synergies. Let’s not forget about the transformational work that’s being done. Let’s not forget about some of the other opportunities that we see and we’re currently even – I know Michael and Sanjeev were doing work on their side, trying to identify some of the transformational opportunities even within Upjohn. So, I think that you’re not actually off track. I think you’ve been kind of spot on. And I think that’s the way others directionally should be looking at it. I think you, Randall, Chris, there’s been several analysts that I think have now been trying to understand 2021, and I want to make sure it’s a trough year. That’s why I think we need to go out to 2022 and we don’t want to say it’s a trough year and then set the numbers in a way, where there’s an another step down. We’ve seen others do that in the sector and we saw the punishment that they had to pay as a result of it. So again, you only get one time to reset. I want to bring as much clarity as we can or have management bring as much clarity as they can and at the proper time, when they give the guidance, I’m sure there’ll be a lot of discussion with the new reset of 2021 will mean and the growth opportunity from there going forward.
Robert Coury: I think the only thing I would add, Jason, this is Rob, is I don't think, because I've read some reports where some analysts may think this affects certain companies more than others. I have to tell you, in our industry, I don't believe that's the case, because – because we do both API and because we do rely on intermediates, all API, all API producers rely on intermediates. All in a lot – I mean, I think it's well-known that most of the intermediates do come from China. So all API suppliers are going to be affected, not just Mylan. We've been fortunate to vertically integrate and have a lot of our own API. But we still need to get the intermediates. And even some of the API that we have, we may sell some to third party. We buy some from third party. So because the entire spec and generic industry is kind of, sort of connected, so to speak, when it comes to the API of intermediates, I think whatever impact there is going to be – it's going to be a broad impact and not particularly any one company or the other.
Robert Coury: But I think – I think, Rajiv also, it should be noted. There is – honestly, there is a real different skill set between a brand rep and a generic rep and I have to tell you, one the brand rep it's just a different mindset; that generic rep a little bit more scrappy, quick on her feet, dealing with a very volatile, highly competitive environment. It's really the mixture of both of them dependent upon what markets we're operating in that we intend on pulling the strength from both. And as Rajiv mentioned we're really looking forward to the skill set of the Upjohn reps in some of those markets that we just didn't have presence. And if we had to build that presence, it would've taken us time and that's what I meant by the Upjohn transaction never changed the trajectory of our strategy, it’s simply accelerated it at least by three to five years.
Robert Coury: Right. Before we close the line I just like to say one thing. A lot of shareholders have been requesting time with Michael and now obviously going to be with Sanjiv, and I can't express, you know, how excited and anxious we are to put Michael and Rajiv and Sanjiv in front of all of you. I would only simply ask for your patience because we are dealing within a highly complex integration. I just like to remind you that Pfizer was right in the midst of separating this business. They were probably only about 25% or 30% into their separation and when Mylan came along. So when you're doing a transaction like this, it's not a typical merger. This is a reverse Moore's trust where you do have three parties here. So there is the amount of work that is being done and why it's taken a little bit longer than maybe a typical transaction, it’s extensive, and I can't even begin to tell you daily, weekly, weekends, the amount of time that people are putting into make sure that we are in a readiness mode from day one. Now with that said I will tell you that if you'll just be patient, we will have Michael, Sanjiv and Rajiv get around to shareholders more for – not for really anything else, but a meet and greet. I would say a get to know I'm anxious to have them meet together with all the analysts, with some of the shareholders. I think that would be a proper, especially even before they come and even give the guidance so that you kind of get to know the individuals. I think we have a really good team. I have to tell you, it's taken some time to really pull together and coalesce this management team. They are tight, they are aligned, I think that they get stronger by the day, by the week and again, I just ask, I want to acknowledge your desire, but I would ask for your patience and we will get around to you as quickly as we possibly can. Thank you.
Tony Mauro: Thanks, Rajiv and Greg, maybe, just touching upon your question around biosimilars and that pricing. I would say each market has their own unique capabilities. Certainly, there’s markets that are focused on tenders, others that require physician generated demand. It really comes down to the cost to develop the services required from a patient perspective and the hybrid approach from physician detailing to working with hospitals and pharmacies that really generate, I think that best mix and I’m very excited about the biosimilars we have in our portfolio today and certainly, the pipeline that we’ve outlined for the future as well.
Tony Mauro: I think, Rajiv, the only thing I would add, Ronny, I would like to tell you that before this whole coronavirus situation, we have experienced significant increases in some of our API costs last year. And actually, quite frankly, probably within the last 1.5 years to two years. So we have already experienced price increases. As Rajiv mentioned, I think there should be a bigger concern on shortages rather than pricing.
Tony Mauro: Yes, maybe just to add quickly. I think, once again, depending on the market, certainly, the tender market, you have equal opportunity to compete regardless of the wave. And in markets like the U.S., in particular, in the oncology space, there are reimbursement mechanisms that actually can help the new entrant to the market. So I think as Rajiv outlined, 2019 was a year about very focused, very surgical approach to these customers. 2020 is a year of expansion in our business, in these products in all these markets. So I do think you have an opportunity to play no matter where you're at.
Rajiv Malik: Look, from supply chain point of view, I think the whole industry is in one way or other way connected with China, but you would expect us to be much better place, because of our backward integration and very diversified supply chain, when I say diversified, let’s look into our top 20, 25 products, which we are not relying on China at all. But when it comes to our API, we have not only backward integration, but we have also some alternative arrangements. But we can't say – I think if I look forward, I don't see any impact in the very near future. But if this situation persists and continues for another few months, there can be impact. More I'm concerned from a drug shortage point of view, not much from the pricing point of view.
Rajiv Malik: So, David, thank you. For BOTOX, if you recall, we had told you that we had a meeting with the FDA last year, which you confirmed a biosimilar pathway to be a viable pathway. And we have data – we have a deadline of April 30 to basically extend our relationship with everyone. Even today, we are working with them very closely to evaluate some more data so that we can be very sure that we have a viable product. If that – if we go ahead, yes, we'll be able to launch it before 2025.
Rajiv Malik: Especially from a margin markets point of view, most of the emerging markets are branded generics market are not generic generics markets. And that's where the infrastructure Upjohn will further get us in these markets will help us get more market share and critical mass in these markets. What Upjohn doesn’t bring is what Mylan will provide is the portfolio. We already have significant portfolio and a pipeline, which can be dropped in this market and Upjohn will provide us that extended sales force and commercial infrastructure.
