Heather M. Bresch: Thank you, Kris, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Mylan is off to a phenomenal start this year. Our announcement this past Friday is a great example, having successfully completed our acquisition of Abbott's non-U.S. developed markets specialty and branded generics business, we now are beginning our next exciting chapter of growth. As we've been stating all along, this is absolutely the next right strategic transaction for Mylan and nearly doubles our size in our top 10 markets outside the United States, further expands and diversifies our product portfolio and customer base, and gives us significant financial flexibility to aggressively pursue opportunities that make strategic and financial sense for the company. We expect the transaction to be approximately $0.20 accretive to EPS in 2015, $0.25 in the first full year, and to increase thereafter through 2018. We also expect to maintain double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth rates through 2018. In addition, we see our tax rate declining to approximately 20% to 21% during the first full year and then following into the high teens thereafter. Anticipating all of these benefits, we began planning with Abbott leadership as soon as we announced the deal back in July so as to lay the ground work for what we believe will be a very smooth integration now that the transaction has closed. I'd like to take this opportunity on behalf of Mylan's board of directors and senior leaders to welcome Abbott's EPD employees to the Mylan family. We very much look forward to the contributions they'll make as they take up our cause of delivering better health for a better world. As we take a moment and look back at 2014, we again delivered strong financial performance by leveraging the diversity and breadth of our global platform, maintaining our relentless focus on disciplined execution and seizing opportunities whenever and wherever they arose. Sales for the year totaled $7.7 billion, a constant currency increase of 13% compared to 2013. Adjusted diluted EPS totaled $3.56, an increase of 23% compared to our prior year performance. Every one of our business segments contributed to this growth with our North America and Rest of World generics regions and our Specialty segment delivering double-digit revenue increases. In addition, EpiPen became our first product to generate $1 billion in annual sales. Our employees around the world deserve the credit for these great results. On behalf of our board and senior leaders, I'd like to thank them for their hard work and unwavering dedication to our cause. Their commitment will serve us well in 2015, which we believe will be yet another very strong year for the company. Specifically, we anticipate revenue growth of 33% and EPS growth of 21% both on a constant currency basis. In addition, we continue to see opportunities to accelerate our 2018 target of at least $6 on adjusted EPS. As I mentioned in 2014, EpiPen became our first product to reach $1 billion in annual sales. We're proud to have reached this milestone and note that we achieved it by growing the franchise at a compound annual clip of nearly 30% since 2008, a reflection of the product's tremendous brand equity. As I've often reiterated, we have continued to expand the epinephrine market in unconventional ways, specifically by focusing on education, awareness and access. Our EpiPen for schools program is a great example as is our advocacy on the regulatory front with 48 states now allowing undesignated epinephrine auto injectors in schools. Our assumptions around EpiPen for 2015 incorporate that we already participate in a highly competitive, multi-player EpiPen marketplace and that we are operating in a very aggressive payer environment. And while we continue to believe that the regulatory barrier-to-entry for an AB-rated generic EpiPen remains high, we also are factoring the impact of an AB-rated competition into our guidance in the second half of the year. That said, we continue to invest in product innovation and geographic expansion as well as new formulations. We also continue to pursue our unconventional approach to growing this franchise. It focuses on shaping legislation to continue to expand assets for consumers and other public entities, generating awareness about severe allergies, providing education to help those at risk take control and continually looking for ways to enhance consumer's experience. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Rajiv.
Heather M. Bresch: Hi Ronny. Well, thank you. So I'll start with EpiPen. As I have stated now for quite a while as expectations around our product innovation and lifecycle, I've tried to maintain and reiterate the fact that we've grown the market in a very unconventional way, around, I think, first the underlying fundamental strength of the brand equity. But what became obvious to us is that there was the lack of awareness and education, and, quite frankly, just the ability to have access to EpiPen was quite low. So as we did EpiPen4Schools, for instance, to allow undesignated EpiPens in school, and we now are continuing to take that into other public entities, that I've said while it has grown in unconventional ways, we wouldn't be looking at your traditional lifecycle management brand product switches, that we believe that the EpiPen has not only brand equity but as well as the comfort and the ease of use after over 25 years of being on the market. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are absolutely continuing to look at product innovation and geographic expansion as well as new formulations. And you will continue to see us come out with some of those things, those features. But as it relates to a brand new product or new device, our EpiPen and the brand equity around it is what will remain our mainstay in the U.S. market. As far as our assumptions, Ronny, also as we've reiterated, as we continue to diversify ourselves and have many levers to pull on to manage this business, it makes each individual lever that less material. So I think what you should know and take comfort in, especially given our track record, that we've said that we've incorporated the multi-player environment, the competitiveness of that, the reimbursement, the payer reimbursement and how we're seeing that; those dynamics continue to play out as well as an AB-rated in the second half of the year. So I think we've taken a very balanced conservative approach around our assumptions with EpiPen. I think we think it will continue to be a great product for us into the future, kind of regardless of these near-term dynamics. So that would be on EpiPen. As far as Abbott, obviously, we had said a couple of things, that from a strategic and complementary perspective it doubled the size of our top 10 markets outside of the U.S. and many of those – most of those being in Europe. So to be able to take that business now and really leverage both the physician channel as well as the pharmacy channel, we believe, is why in our hands with the enhanced focus and investment behind it, we can do more. And I think as you look at the portfolios and the complementary nature of where we could enhance from a physician call point and that branded generic model as well as enhance the scale and our breadth of product portfolio to the pharmacy, we are going to be able to continue to leverage that franchise. And as we get into more granularity just as far as those product opportunities, I would say, again, it's not about a product, it's much more about the therapeutic and the therapeutic areas and the franchise and the breadth of that. If you look across cardiovascular and GI, some of the places that Abbott EPD, their strength has lied, it marries up very well now with the breadth that we can bring on that. So, look, I think in these coming months, after integration, we'll continue to keep you guys updated as we are successfully integrating the businesses. And as far as the reporting perspective, it will be absorbed in our generic segment throughout our divisions between North America, Europe, and rest of world.
Heather M. Bresch: And, Gregg, as far as BD; obviously, we've been pretty vocal that Abbott certainly was the right next transaction, not only from a strategic perspective, but because of the significant financial flexibility that would afford us. So I hope you've heard in my voice and will continue that we are actively pursuing very aggressively on opportunities and absolutely anticipate that we could announce another material transaction before the end of the year.
Heather M. Bresch: Okay. Sure, Jami, thank you. Look, I'd say as far as targets goes, the good news is given now our scale across the globe there are many, many opportunities to complement it. And what I mean by that, that everything from whether it's enhancing on the specialty side, enhancing on the generic side through geographic expansion as well as other categories or dosage forms we're not in, we've said many times that we're at 12%, 13% market share here in the United States. There is still therapeutic categories. Just as we recently bolstered our injectable to really put us in – the ability to have a leadership position in injectable. So I think as you think about these different categories, we have an opportunity to add. And so with that being said, it allows us to kind of be smart and patient as we find that right next transaction for Mylan. So I don't want to hone in on any one area. I want to tell you that we're looking at everything. Actively pursuing, as I said, as you can imagine standing still is not in our DNA, and especially given the environment that we're in today, which is I consider still to be kind of a hyper consolidation activity going on in our sector. So we are truly looking that we could add, we believe, significantly both from a strategic perspective as well as the financial perspective, here in the near term. As far as respiratory, I'll touch on that and then I'll let Rajiv add to it. But, obviously, we've continued to look at very – if you think of this in kind of a couple of buckets from a niche perspective, really our enhancement around COPD, our experience, our infrastructure, our relationships in that market, we believe continue to put us, as you know, a great partner in that space. And I think that's something that we will continue to build leadership on. When you think about whether it's our generic Advair and some of the other opportunities, the franchise, when we acquired it from Pfizer, really gave us the opportunity to take some of these more complex, very difficult-to-manufacture products that have, we believe a high barrier-to-entry to let us participate in those marketplaces. And as far as our go-to-market strategy, I think that, that continues to evolve. I think from the marketplace here in the U.S. throughout Europe that that continues to evolve. And the good news is given now our scale whether across physician, hospital or retail, we're really going to be able to maximize those products at the time they come to market.
Heather M. Bresch: So I guess just in conclusion on that point, as you talked about how it all fits together, I think that, hopefully, what you're continuing to see us execute on is continuing to diversify our businesses across both therapeutic categories, dosage forms and geographies into these channels that continue to let us have multiple levers on managing this business and that scale and our product portfolio and really our investment and not only R&D to some of these are complex products as well as commodity products that really truly I think set us apart to have a portfolio as deep and wide as ours goes. And lastly, our continuing investment in our global supply chain. So, controlling our own destiny, we believe in the environment that we're living in today from a regulatory perspective continues to differentiate us as we are now manufacturing about 80% of what we sell around the globe. Thanks.
Heather M. Bresch: So I'll kick off here and then again I'll let Rajiv, who is obviously very close to this. What I will speak to is our relationship with Gilead is that as you mentioned has been very good through the years. And I think that we've continued to distinguish ourselves as the partner-of-choice as you probably saw them giving us the exclusivity in the India commercial space. So I think that speaks to not only the partnership as you look across all of the markets that we're exporting into with them but their selection of us on an exclusive basis, especially around this Hep C product, both of them.
Heather M. Bresch: Okay. Thank, Louise. So I'll start with Copaxone. Look, I would say, our confidence level is around again are our continued, our interaction with the FDA, us believing that there is nothing left for us to do on our end. We've submitted and answered all the open questions that we have with the FDA and feel that that therein lies our confidence with action, regulatory action to be taken this year. And as far as, I guess I'll comment kind of collectively on share, whether it's Copaxone or Famy Care. You know, look, given the size of our businesses now, we again aren't getting down into product individual opportunities or the kind of market share. Obviously, our guidance is significant and we give that range to as we continue to look at the risks and opportunities and the volatility around this business across the geographies and everything that we take into consideration. And I think our track record in really trying to guide appropriately that we've taken those things into consideration and don't break out product-by-product or any of these bolt-on type of acquisitions that we've made to enhance our product portfolio.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure. Thank you, Chris. Look, Chris, I wouldn't try to put us in a box of brand, generic. What I would say is that we continue to expand and diversify ourselves to be a healthcare provider. And I think that spans across everything from the physician, the retail, the hospital. And when I think about our ability to take a very broad portfolio and whether it's, as we're interfacing with a much more consolidated customer base on, from a global perspective, the GPOs, I think that it's this breadth across our portfolio that really is continuing to put us in a differentiated category. So as we look at opportunities, I'm not saying we're more branded focused, we're more generic focused, we're more OTC focused. What I can say is that we continue to look at ways that we can mean the most to our customer, that gives us that diversification across geographies as well as across products. And like I said, just allows us to continue to deliver on our mission of wanting to reach 7 billion people. So I think just to underscore that there is many, many assets out there available that will let us accomplish this in many different ways. As far as Pfizer and Hospira goes, look, I think that consolidation always lends itself to opportunity. And I think going back to when, whether from Bioniche and then when we added Agila, we said that we believe that put us in an opportunity to really leapfrog to a leadership position in the injectable space. And I think we continue to have a great opportunity to do so.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure. So, look, I think obviously as you know, as France goes, goes Europe for us in the Mylan legacy world. And so I think we have maintained a leadership position. I think we have been quite – we're operating obviously in a highly competitive marketplace over there. But we have continued to see actually regaining of some market share. We've been doing some direct advertising as well as building that Mylan brand and that Mylan equity. And I think we've seen great growth when I look at Italy and some of the other substitution countries. What I think now married up with Abbott, what this provides us is to take their strength. And about eight of these top markets in Europe, whether it's Germany, UK, some of the Central Eastern Europe, and really allow us to now bring this critical math across all of Europe. So while, like I said I'm excited with our growth in Europe last year on a legacy basis, I'm more excited about what I think the Abbott and Mylan business can now do together and the kind of growth that we're going to see in Europe. As far as the rest of Asia, Asia grew double digits in 2014 led again by India and our emerging markets, our HIV franchise, the ARVs continues to grow at an accelerated double-digit rate. And lastly Australia and Japan continue to be very well and meet our expectations.
Heather M. Bresch: Okay. So let me first start, as I said earlier we gave a range for a reason. There is a lot of – there is many moving pieces and parts to this business globally as far as all the range is considered. So, look, I can't answer a hypothetical as an AB doesn't come, but 16 other things do. A lot of things factor into that range that we've given. So I can't take one individual aspect of that with EpiPen and give you an answer. What I can say is that again I think we've been responsible in guiding you to the midpoint of our range and what we think that the opportunities or challenges that lie ahead. And as far as given you any further breakout around these franchises, we've really don't get into like I said product profitability or margins around these products. I think you've got a look at the overall health of our franchise and the results we just reported and the guidance we've given you now going forward as an overall indicator. And, obviously, we've shown tremendous growth on those segments and gross margins.
Rajiv Malik - President: Regarding generic Advair, Gregg; as I mentioned, that we remain on track to file this ANDA by the end of this year and in the new GDUFA environment, I think, given that time, we expect to launch it after about maybe 12 months to 15 months period of time. That's what's the expectation is.
Rajiv Malik - President: In fact I think I can build upon. I think, Jami, you should take it in two buckets for us, one is the COPD, the nebulized space where we have some pretty decent share with the performance and this will complement very well that space, the nebulized space and we will continue to look to further expand this space. Second is the generic Advair or other slew of products like Seretide, Flixotide, Flovent and we can go on where we continue to add more and more portfolio internally as well as externally like our – some relationship with ProSonic (40:31) because we believe this is the high barrier, difficult to make, needs considerable investments, not just from the science perspective but also from the manufacturing perspective. And we also believe that with Abbott now, we have sales infrastructure so whether it's a generic or we need to have a hybrid approach or needed approach the physician, we are well positioned across geographies to take this portfolio of respiratory products very successfully.
Rajiv Malik - President: And again, you know, it's a future – you're asking me question of future, but I can give you a data point from the past that there were several such agreements Gilead had with eight or 10 generic companies on Truvada and Atripla. And Mylan has the one, which has capitalized it to the maximum that we today around those products have a large market share to the tune of 60%, 70%. And that's all our partnership with the Gilead is just beyond signing an agreement, having rights to the market, but working with them to bring the next level of science and the efficiencies into this so that we can provide access to millions of the patients out there. So we are at the end of process focusing on filing this product into all those 91 countries and also continue to assess those market space to be able to give you the answers that you are seeking for.
Rajiv Malik - President: Yeah. On insulin, I think as an update our Phase III on glargine, two Phase III studies of glargine continue to progress very well. We have also invested heavily with our partner Biocon in Malaysia in preparedness for – manufacturing preparedness for glargine. At the same time, I think, we are continuing to focus on interchangeable, bringing the interchangeable product ahead of every other player in USA and we see this as a very exciting opportunity.
Rajiv Malik - President: Yeah, it was both I think the completion of the Lantus study. And David, we have two studies going on, one on the type 1 which is a 52-week treatment and second on the type 2 which is 24-week treatment. And these studies will be finishing, the top line data will be available by the second half of 2016.
Rajiv Malik - President: With that operator and everybody, we appreciate your support and interest. And you can close out the call.
