Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Hi, Jami, thanks for your question. Actually, we will be looking forward to give you more details about the program, the timing and where we are, what we have evaluated from our partners strength point of view. When we talk to you or meet you in our April Investor Day. And also about the line extension and the other aesthetic products that, that subject will also be addressed at the same time.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: And Ronny, regarding your question on biosimilar to HUMIRA, we are very much looking forward to potentially launch this product in October of 2018 as market formation takes place.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Thanks, Liav. In fact, we are very happy with the pace at which FDA has reviewed this ANDA after we have submitted the response to the CRL in August of 2017. And we have been getting – especially over the last eight weeks, we have got continuous feedback from FDA in terms of several information requests, some of those requests have already been responded to and some of them are being responded. We don't see any red flags. We don't see any big hurdles. Yes, there is a lot of clarification which we need to provide, but that's what we are left with. And as well as the manufacturing is concerned, we don't see any constraints for manufacturing the requisite quantities for the launch and what we have built in our plan.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: On RESTASIS, Chris, we have a target action date of July 2018. We don't have any significant or any scientific issues which need to be resolved. And now we are waiting to hear from FDA. And we look forward to bring this product to the market in 2018.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: So let me give you the status of pegfilgrastim and that – we have responded to the deficiencies, which we received in the last quarter. We have heard from FDA on several of those issues already. And we are already received certain information request. We feel very confident on the science part, on the execution of everything which was asked. And I think we have responded and we have a pretty good place on that. I think the only place where we're waiting now this – between that the tune action date, and this is (52:39) FDA may like to have another look into the manufacturing facility, although they have already approved or given us an approval on Herceptin, but that's up to FDA. We continue to work with the FDA very closely to respond to everything, which has been asked thus far. We don't see any hurdles. And I cannot comment about what assumptions or why they did, what they did in Herceptin in extending the product by three months. But in this case, they have given us now a target action date of early June, which we are very optimistic that by this time, all these issues will be resolved. And we look forward to launch this product in the second half of this year.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Tony, just to add, we've been very excited with our opportunities and growth we are seeing in Brazil, China, Russia, although it's a small base, but there are many opportunity, many opportunities, which have been incubated and are being now realized in the next – in 2018, as well as 2019 as we go along.
Heather M. Bresch: Yes. And I would just add to that, Jami. Obviously, as we talked about diversification, we're looking obviously across the whole product line, about things that have a, no reimbursement or cash pay, which, again, we think would complement our existing U.S. business. Thanks.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure, I'll start and then certainly, Rajiv, if you want to add anything. What I would say, Elliot, is I don't think 2017 has been different than the last couple of years in the sense of seasonality with approvals coming in from the FDA Q4 and especially, December have always been their largest month of approval. So as you look from December and trend that to January, February, I wouldn't necessarily call that a down tick in approvals from an annualized basis. And on your timing question, what I would say, we continue to be – see improvement in meeting these timelines, especially as we're in the post GDUFA filings and especially now coming into GDUFA II, that, one, the lines of communication, the back and forth, the more transparency around these files, especially around the complex products. We continue to see enhancement then. So we look forward to that continuing under Dr. Gottlieb's leadership. And look, that's why we're excited about this year, our approvals, and look forward to some of these various important launches.
Heather M. Bresch: And as far as your question around guidance, I would say this year is no different than in year's past. I believe that we've always taken a very practical approach to how we probability weight our launches to, and that's why we give a range around our – around what we're expecting. And as I've often said, all good things don't happen at one time. All bad things don't happen at one time. It's really about managing this global business across all of our segments, as well as this year, really executing on these launches. So as always, as the year goes through, as we see changes or to change those ranges, we will. But we feel good about the range we've given and the way that we've modeled our business to manage to hitting our target.
Heather M. Bresch: Hi, Chris. Thanks. As far as our – I guess, what I would say, Chris, is I think $5.60 is more than $5.40. And so we've said at least $5.40 our target. The mid-point is $5.40. As you know, there's a lot of moving pieces and parts that go into us giving that range. So really, nothing has changed. I think, again, there's a lot of moving pieces and parts, as I said earlier. And I think our track record of showing our ability to manage those has been very good, and I'm excited about this year. I'm excited about the opportunities. And as I said, as things roll in, we'll continue to hone in on that and so that's what I would say on the guidance.
Heather M. Bresch: And I guess, just to add to your question about the U.S. in North America, it's just – here's what I would say as you think about the generic industry as a whole, the real drivers to the success of this business as new product launches and high-volumes and offsetting erosion and other products as they can offer or have other competition enter the market. So as you look at our business now, the size of our business and the scale across the diversified portfolio we have, it's taken all that into consideration. We're not – we long ago stopped giving any kind of product by product basis. And what I would say is, again I'll just reiterate, I think our track record speaks for itself, is that giving working a lot of probability, waiting in practicality into the numbers that we come forward with as it results to all segments and rolling up to the EPS guidance that we've given.
Kenneth Scott Parks: Thanks, Ronny. On the question on cash flow. As you know, in 2017, we have larger adjustments to cash flow as we pay the settlement of $465 million under the CMS, DOJ arrangement. As we move into 2018, the adjusted cash flow is not anticipating similar type adjustments. So I would tell you that right now, we're anticipating those to be smaller.
Kenneth Scott Parks: Thanks, Gregg. So I think some of a – couple of the key points is, as you know and as we said and have released earlier, one of the bigger capital deployment, things that we've done and just finished up in the first quarter, was the completion of the $1 billion share buyback program. And obviously, that's going to complement EPS in 2018 and the growth year-over-year. But I would also tell you that we have consistently said over the last 12 to 18 months that once Meda was completed, we're not looking at large transformational assets and businesses to bring into the portfolio. But we do have this large, healthy and growing cash flow stream and cash flow bucket that we'll continue to look at product additions in certain gaps as we look at growing our OTC space, as we look at growing our Derm space, things like that. So, they will have some contribution. But the reality is, is we look at one of the primary areas for capital redeployment this year is, as I stated, which is in paying down debt, following the share repurchase program to reduce our leverage ratio below 3.5 times while we get to the end of 2018 and remain committed to that investment grade balance sheet.
Kenneth Scott Parks: And Irina, I would just add to that that where you'll see in the charts that we provided you, that you see that we're continuing to reap benefits from our G&A initiatives. Meaning, where Mylan ONE integration initiatives. And as we move through the year, we look at how do we take that money and invest it to grow the top-line and bottom-line. And there's, obviously, more to be done in that area. We continue to have Mylan integration activities under in process.
Kenneth Scott Parks: I think on the segment profit piece for Rest of World, in the charts you'll be able to see both the fourth quarter and the full-year that profitability has expanded in not-only Rest of World, but Europe, as we move through the year. Now you will see that the fourth quarter had a little bit less profit expansion than what we had for the year overall. But that market can be a little bit choppy based upon tenders. But what we like is the fact that it continues to grow, it continues to follow the top-line. And as Tony just talked about, we've only begun to scratch the surface in many of the markets that we can enter into. So I wouldn't be too concerned about a quarter. And again, I would say that it's a good, healthy quarter. But what I would do is continue to watch what we're doing and how we're diversifying broadly across that Rest of World market.
