Scott Smith: Thank you, Ash, and good morning. Thank you very much for the question. Sort of two parts here, right, talking about new product revenue, which is very important as we move forward here. And we're very strong. We saw in the second quarter and we're expecting full year very strong new product revenue. And then also some '25 dynamics. I'll turn it over to Doretta to take those two for you.
Scott Smith: Yes. Thank you very much, Ekaterina, for the question. Again, I'll maybe address the second one first. From a BD perspective, we're engaged in a lot of different discussions. We're going to take a disciplined approach. As we go through the divestitures sort of the net effect of that is that we're going to get to -- we've got line of sight and pay down our debt going into '25. And executing on our capital allocation plan of 100%, where we're giving back to shareholders at least $2.3 billion of free cash flow through dividends and share buybacks, but also taking a disciplined approach to business development. We've got a diversified company in terms of the number of therapeutic areas that we're in. We're looking at a number of different assets. We're looking at things which can help us supercharge our growth as we get into '25 and beyond. We're very -- it's very important to understand that the base business is solid. The base business, we're showing operational growth. And then on top of that, we want to add what I would consider a significantly derisked type assets from an innovative perspective assets that can help us drive growth in the future that are focused on unmet medical need that are patented, have long runways that we can invest in, but we're also going to shore up our base business as well. We're going to look for things currently marketed and different particularly -- in particular geographies that we can be effective in. And so we're going to do business development to shore up the base and we're also going to be business development to bring in new innovative assets into the company.
Scott Smith: Thank you very much, Balaji. I'll take the first question over to Doretta to talk about the dynamics that we're seeing in Australia and Japan et cetera.
Scott Smith: And relative to your question on R&D spend and where we're going from an R&D perspective, maybe I'll make a general comment and Phillippe can comment as well here. But we're going to continue to invest in both the base business, the base generics, complex generics and others and in the innovative pipeline. We've already as we talked about here brought in a couple of new innovative assets, through our business development activities through the global health care gateway and others. We're going to continue to bring in assets and continue to develop them. So you might see some movement in the distribution of that spend as we bring in more innovative assets, but we're going to continue to invest in all components of the base business and in new innovative assets as we move forward. Okay. Thank you.
Scott Smith: So thank you very much for the question. I'll ask Doretta to address the first part of your question and then I'll talk about the [indiscernible] timelines for selatogrel and cenerimod later.
Scott Smith: And then relative to pipeline acceleration on the innovative assets, I'll say that we're very, very excited, obviously, about with both selatogrel and cenerimod. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're already making significant progress in doing the things we need to do to accelerate the development of these assets and move the timelines forward. I don't have a specific update for you on the date we want to get in and do some remediation further, continue to open new sites continue to invest in the development. And then by the time we get into the new year, we'll be able to be in a better position to give you sort of specifics on where we think those timelines are going, but we think we're going to significantly be able to help and accelerate the development timelines. And again, we'll look to update those timelines as we get into '25.
Scott Smith: Thank you, everybody, and thank you to the operator. In closing, it's been a great year for us so far with the completion of our divestitures in July were the turning point for the company. We have built a strong foundation. We have a bold vision for our future and we have the key ingredients we need to be successful to deliver on our goals. Thank you all very much for your attention.
Doretta Mistras: Great. Thanks, Ash. So, yes, on new products, to your point, we feel great about the momentum we've seen from the new product perspective this year. This quarter, we did $210 million. And then when you add that to the $154 million that we did in the first quarter, already year-to-date, we're at $354 million. And so that in addition to the momentum that we're seeing broadly across our new product portfolio and it really isn't dependent on one product, one region, we've seen growth. To your point in Breyna and Lisdexamfetamine, we've also seen growth in other generics in North America, but we've also seen new products in Europe and some additions in emerging markets in JANZ. So as we look for the full year, the strong performance and the continuation of that really is going to be largely driven by products that we've already launched year-to-date. And that's what gives us confidence in the $500 million to $600 million for the year. With respect to '25 dynamics, listen, it's still early. We feel good about the momentum that we're seeing thus far in 2024. We see kind of the stability of our revenue growth. We are going to continue to invest in our business from a kind of R&D and investment perspective to fuel our growth. But the kind of dynamics in terms of what we've seen from our free cash flow, we kind of continue to see the $2.3 billion that you mentioned in terms of free cash flow generation and we're going to continue to kind of focus on our EBITDA conversion going forward. But with respect to '25, I think, it's still too early to get into the dynamics specific to '25.
Doretta Mistras: Yes. To your point, Balaji, we aren't seeing anything kind of that -- it really is driven by the ongoing price normal government price declines that we're seeing in Japan and Australia. Now the offset to that is we actually have seen better volume in Japan as well. And given that Japan is actually and the broader JANZ region is actually performing better than our expectations for the year.
Doretta Mistras: Great. Thank you. And on the divestitures, I think, as we've laid it out when we started the year, the way we've approached it is as we close the divestitures, we've adjusted and taken out the kind of impact from our -- and provided the impact from our actuals and then also adjusted our guidance going forward to reflect those divestitures. And we'll continue to do that kind of now that the divestitures are behind us as we get through the back half of the year and we look into '25, we will be providing that additional kind of detail as we move into the rest of the year. But as we had in our earnings presentation in our press release, we do lay out the components of both the divestitures that have closed as well as the impact to our guidance and our results. With respect to margins, I mean, I think as we think about the business, we have confidence in both our base business growth as well as the stability of our EBITDA margins as we continue to invest in growth. But as Scott laid out as we continue to invest in the business, bring in more patent-protected innovative assets, we have the opportunity to continue to expand the business, but I think we feel good about the stability of our EBITDA.
