Robert Coury: Thank you, Randall. Let me start with the last question. I think you're spot on. I've read some of your prior notes and have been following you very closely. I think you're really onto something there. I think what we're most mostly excited about in terms of the future outside and you're exactly correct, we are definitely -- Mylan was already moving up the value chain. But with the size that we are now, our investment in partnering especially in the potential to look at future capital allocation and what areas of concentration, the answer is, yes, I do see further alignment to participate in that. Because our portfolio that we're going to be bringing, especially to the Asia-Pacific region is going to present huge potential upside. And I think as a time of the closing, I fully expect that we're going to outline as we talk about future capital allocation and touch on some of these points. In terms of the numbers we gave in July, we absolutely and I understand, I wasn't on Pfizer's call. But look, we stand by what we gave in July for 2020. I'm simply just reminding people to level set them on a going forward basis. Obviously, we have -- I think, very clear vision about what we're faced with. And nothing I see today that has been brought up, not even any new issues that were raised by some who are now getting a better understanding business. Does anything to remotely change my absolute excitement about what we created with the two combinations? And I'm very much anxious and looking forward to be able to show you that once we can get closer to close.
Robert Coury: So thank you, Chris. And I'll just start with your second question, because it really applies to my commentary on the S-4. When you bring it to organizations together, what was in the S-4 or 2 internal companies projections, internal independently company projections. One of the things that you can't see, that's actually well underway to your exact question is. Those projections do not take into consideration for example, the regulatory overlay, what products we may have to divest. Product rationalization between the two organizations and then where do you now put your emphasis when you bring the two organizations together. So your question is well founded, and I want you to know that work is underway. And I do believe between now and closing, we'll have that all sorted out and be able to lay that out for you in terms of, how we see whether it's SG&A, or other costs allocation for the business model and a going forward basis. In terms of China, there is nothing really happening in the China, to be very honest with you that we've not -- I can't say that we didn't anticipate. Now, there's always nuances, I'm not going to say that we're Nostradamus and we can predict everything, especially in China, but there's nothing really there other than there could be a tweak and some of the new rules that they're putting out that that may cause some changes. But I would say in large part overall, there is an anticipation on our side, not for just what's happening in China today, but there's an anticipation for a continuation as that healthcare system over there changes. And what, the reason why we continue to be extraordinarily bullish, is because we now got a true commercial infrastructure over there that is well situated in suited, especially with the massive product portfolio, which that we've bringing. And by the way, this is a product portfolio that's very much needed over there. So, we think that all the stars are aligned to move our massive product portfolio that has already been identified to move into the China pipeline. And also to Randall's question, some of the opportunities we see that we can also, as we go up the value chain, to bring and leverage now the strong commercial infrastructures that the Pfizer Upjohn division now brings us.
Robert Coury: I think on the divestitures, at least what I'm being told now Umer. I don't see it as a real significant number, but I don't want to jump out in front of the regulators because they can actually go in one direction or the other, whether it's our products or even their product that they would require to be divested. So I prefer not to jump out front, but I think we said this before and I feel very comfortable. I don't see it as significance, but there obviously is going to be some and my understanding that those discussions are progressing quite well. In terms of, I mean look Umer, I think that's, I really can't comment more on the numbers that we put out that, -- as we were trying to say with the assumption if we looking forward, by the time we anticipate the clothes, I think it was July 2020. Here's kind of sort of what we saw the organization looking like that range that we've given you, that is what it is. Since then and since we've been out trying to discuss with investors and we're not giving any guidance, I actually been following a lot what you have been trying to rationalize. I actually think you're doing a pretty damn good job forgive me, but I really think you're doing a great job and trying to also find that light level set. I cannot wait until we can get closer to close get some of this work done and really clear up for investors just where is, that starting point. And I've made it abundantly clear that starting point from everything I can see and know today without giving any guidance. I am extremely confident that the street will be very pleased about wherever that starting initial guidance is. And the strong EBITDA that's going to come with it because remember, what you're going to see is the rationalization of the portfolio, rationalization of costs based on what we can see out in the future and then the synergies coming in. So that's why we feel very confident that will give you a very strong range of revenue, without me telling you exactly where that starting points going to be. And then an even a stronger range of EBITDA due to the synergies that we intend on bringing in and the cost rationalization that we can see, as we adjust for the various healthcare market, the markets around the world.
Robert Coury: I have to tell you, that's a great question. But Rajiv, why don't you go first and then let me respond.
Rajiv Malik: Regarding the portfolio rationalization, what I had given you was just an example in USA, that what we are undertaking that that if the products are not -- if the products have been commoditized to an extent that they're not earning their cost of a capital, more you sell them, it doesn't make any business rational. So, yes, if when you rationalize those products, these are --there can be some top line impact, but there's no significant bottom line impact. And we have extended this not just to USA, but we have evaluated our global portfolio from that point of view. Now why do we see that this not a onetime exercise, because this is a new discipline we have created. It will be on an ongoing basis. But you would not see a bolus like this, but what I just said, 350 SKU because once you clean it up on our going forward basis, there will be some products here and there will be not bolus like that. Regarding insulin, we absolutely expect to hear from them. I think before March, we believe that this concern about Malaysia facility which we are in the process of addressing will be behind us, in the early first quarter. And yes, the final approval is on the date of the March 20th or something around that that's a date. And we are very confident that it will be -- we'll get our final approval before the transition date to biology.
Rajiv Malik: David, that 350 was a U.S. specific number and as, as you go along, the business transformation in USA, as long as, as well as mortgage down remediation, which was more driven -- resolving the complexity issue of the site could not have come like a better time. So both of these are facts, if any of those commoditized products were adding to the complexity, so it was very natural for us to take that block and rationalize it right up front. So, I would say for the U.S., almost 80%, 90% of rationalization is already been done, and it's behind us as we go along rest of the world and the European rationalization will be I think the second phase.
Rajiv Malik: Let me give you the first part, from the Q2 to Q4, we've been very confident and we can go geography-by-geography. There are very gratifying drivers of this Q3 to Q4 ramp whether it's Yupelri in USA, continued market -- Ogivri launch, or Fulphila and Wixela for performance. Europe is being driven by products like Creon, DYMISTA, Brufen and Herceptin, we see that momentum behind these products. And the rest of world whether it's our ARV portfolio, Amitiza, Sebivo and [indiscernible]. So, we have mapped this very carefully and we've been very confident about that. Now about Biocon spend, I cannot -- it's not for us meant on Biocon billion dollar plan. We have shared with you very clearly the portfolio the weather its glargine, aspart, Avastin biosimilar launch of Herceptin. We have our own business case and we remain very confident behind that.
Ken Parks: Sure. So, over the 1.5 billion is truly as you know when you go to purchase accounting of a certain amount, this, but in goodwill, any other certain amount that's attributed to customer portfolios, products, valuations of assets, and that goes into this amortization bucket that gets amortized over various lives depending on the estimated remaining live with the appropriate asset. The short answer to your 1.5 billion question is and this is on a mile and standalone basis, obviously, there will be other work done, once the Newco transaction occurs, but that that's billion prior should take down slowly overtime, because each year some of the amortization or some of the intangible falls off. So I would expect for the near-term, it may take down slightly, but it will continue for a period of time, because many of these underlying assets have long lives. Especially things like customer assets and products.
Ken Parks: And David on your question around the inventory adjustments and the COGS impact. In the quarter, approximately 30 to 40 basis points on the gross margin, rate, and as we called out, the biggest chunk of that was this, David, Wixela inventory. That was, as we were preparing for commercialization and launch, we built inventory to be sure we could launch on a timely basis and the launch was delayed. I think it's important just to reiterate again, that we do not want an explanation for the third quarter, we have no reason to believe that will require in the four.
Ken Parks: And I'll add the comment on 2020 is that. Look as we get closer to the normal time that we'll speak here about 2020, we'll look at the -- in my term, lay of the land, how close are we to the transaction. Does it make sense to provide Mylan standalone outlook? Or does it make sense to look at the new company together? The reality is, at this point in time, we typically wouldn't start talking about the next year yet. And as we move closer to those dates, we will keep you obviously fully appraise of the Mylan numbers as well as the push and pulls in those.
