Heather M. Bresch: Elliot, I'm sorry. Operator, if you could – we're not being able to hear you, Elliot at all on your questions.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure. Thanks, Elliot. Look, Elliot, what I would say and hopefully, this call continues to underscore the global nature of our business. I think all the weaknesses you just laid out are all primarily U.S. driven. And as we continue to show, both from our European as well as our Rest of World segments, our ability to continue to grow at double-digit in the case of Europe and high single-digit in Rest of World, that as we continue to leverage our assets, our products in these areas and continue to bring complex Generics as we'll be launching Copaxone throughout Europe. I think those are very important to telling the story of how we're continuing to be able to absorb the volatility in this U.S. Generics market, and which is why I made the commentary that just to remind everyone that we moved out of the neighborhood of just U.S. Generics and Specialty and into this global community, that's helping us absorb that, and the Mylan that we built today is able to continue to deliver and on our growth profile as we continue to bring these products to market. As far as the U.S. Generics, we continue to see those headwinds are going to continue for the foreseeable future, but I think again, the dynamics of our portfolio of the products we're launching, Rajiv spoke of the multiple injectable products we've launched and the 70 that are in our pipeline. So the durability again of what we are launching from complex to injectables as well as continuing to deliver on our outside of the U.S. platform is what's able to give us the confidence to say that at least $5.40 next year. Given all those things you just mentioned, taking into consideration. So what I would say is just again the message of the durability of our platform and our ability to absorb the volatility, which we believe really distinguishes us from our peers.
Heather M. Bresch: Hi, Jami, so thank you. We have been pretty staunch since the Meda acquisition that we really had the assets that we needed to leverage this global commercial platform and have that infrastructure in place. With that being said, we've continued to say as we see bolt-on opportunities that we can now use this commercial platform that we've built to be able to continue to feed this platform, we'll do so. And I think to your point, it truly is a buyers' market, because there's lots of great assets out there for sale and we think at reasonable prices. So I can assure you that the financial flexibility that we still have today and are maintaining because of our – the generation of our cash flows, that we're going to continue to be balanced as far as, yes, paying down debt and staying committed to investment grade, but also have the flexibility to be able to bring the right products or dosage forms into our mix, both whether it's U.S., Europe or Rest of World, and I think you're going to continue to see us execute on that. And the last thing I'd say, because I think your point about the decimation of the industry, I think one thing I would just ask, and I've said this before, but I think it's continuing to play out is the continuity of our management team and the tenure of it. We've been together a decade, as we've continued to not only manage at the peaks, but in the valleys. And I think that's where you see a management team that has – had a strategy out there, we've executed to it. We've continued to navigate the waters, I think, better than anybody else out there. So hopefully, that differentiation is what continues to put investors at ease with not only the credibility we've now hopefully amassed on the scientific side, but also just being able to continue to maximize this global platform and absorb what the industry is going through here in the U.S.
Heather M. Bresch: And I would just say, to add to that, that with the new Commissioner Gottlieb, his emphasis on complex Generics and being very mindful of bringing products to new market formation, we continue to know that generic Advair stays a priority review. And to Rajiv's point, we're hopeful as all the science behind us that we will continue to stay very close and work with this administration on what they've stated as real priority for them as well. So we find that very encouraging.
Heather M. Bresch: Hey, Umer, so thank you. So first, Umer, what I would say is that our target of at least $5.40 is just that: our target. And when we come out in Q4, we'll certainly give detailed guidance and, at that time, provide ranges and everything, as appropriate. And I think any of the other disclosures are certainly out there that you can go check on our website, but I would just say that's why we feel very confident in our at least $5.40.
Heather M. Bresch: And I think, Umer, that just underscores what we had said earlier, what – our mission of continuing to fight for and bring affordable Generics to the marketplace, globally, is what drives us, and I think this is a great example of persevering through what I would call pretty desperate legal maneuvers to try to maintain a monopoly that should have been gone a couple of years ago, and our ability continue to fight not only in the courts, but with the science and have a clear pathway to approvals. So we're looking forward to bringing this important product to the market.
Heather M. Bresch: Yes, Gregg. And as far as our discontent with the valuation, I think, as I said, I'm personally committed to get out there and educate and sit down with our shareholders to really talk about the business we have today, because I think that what you'll find in the presentation that we provided, Built to Last, is that when you look at Mylan in the portfolio, we have in each of these segments and you look at peers within, especially Europe and Rest of World and some of the valuations that are happening around their businesses where we have as good, if not, better businesses within those geographical regions, I think that's where a multiple expansion is certainly warranted when you now put our whole global product mix together. And I don't believe that's rooted or grounded in governance, I think that as we continue to have shareholder meetings and certainly stay open-minded and have these discussions, again, what I can say is, we look at companies out there around the globe with a whole host of governance issues from family-owned to a whole wide array of how they're on the public markets. We really believe it's the fundamentals that should drive that valuation, and we believe that the shareholder outreach program is going to go a long way to help rebase and have honestly us get credit of the company we've built over the last decade. And believe that we've got a real strong lead ahead of anybody else out there and have a real opportunity to really be the bellwether of this industry.
Kenneth Scott Parks: Listen (49:29), Jami, I would just add on that on the financial discipline side and flexibility, you've seen us last year even with the Meda acquisition and a leverage ratio covenant extended to 4.25 times that we really never reached more than 3.8 times, and we remain committed to bringing that down as you've seen last quarter and this quarter down to 3.6 times under our credit agreement calculations. We did say, and I did say in this call that we've asked and obtained an extension from our banks at 4.25 times for the balance of 2017 and 2018, and that doesn't mean we're not committed to continuing to de-lever. But it actually speaks to the strength of our cash flows, and we talked about that a lot during the call today, as well as the fact that, as Heather said, in this environment, there are assets out in the marketplace that we just are going to continue to take a look at for potential bolt-on opportunities. And the banking group supports us, and that's why we have continued to de-lever, but have asked for that extension at 4.25 times. So there is a little bit of flexibility in our financial decision there, but obviously, with the discipline that over the long-term, we target a 3.0 times EBITDA leverage ratio number.
Kenneth Scott Parks: And one other – as you think about how the numbers come together, remember that we closed the Meda acquisition in early August of last year. So the year-over-year results do have an incremental month of Meda in them, especially in Europe.
Kenneth Scott Parks: So on the first question, Ronny, I think what you're seeing is that in the reconciliation in the back of the press release, there's an add-back of $275 million to get from GAAP operating cash flows to adjusted operating cash flows. As we called out, we paid for about half of the DOJ settlement in the third quarter. The other half has already been paid in the fourth, but that's essentially what makes up the $275 million.
Kenneth Scott Parks: Couldn't agree with Heather more, and I would just say, look, from a finance perspective, the presentation just went out there this morning. I would ask you to just really take time and take that presentation apart, because what you'll see is that under kind of any kind of measures, you would look at the performance, you would look at the global footprint, you look at the stable, durable cash flows of this business, and it is truly, truly undervalued. And the message that we're all trying to get across today and over the coming months, because we'll be out there talking to you more as we put this together, and we think the solidification of the business transformation has effectively been completed is we'll talk about that opportunity. But what I would challenge you to do is look at the numbers, look at the math, look at the compares and any case, the stock price, the company is not fully valued yet.
Anthony Mauro - Mylan NV: Thanks, Marc. Around the global customers we're speaking of, in particular WBAD and Econdisc, we continue to work very closely with them and all of our customers to ensure that we're identifying not just risk, but opportunities. We feel like the markets we're in globally gives us a very good advantage in terms of how we overlay our portfolio with those particular opportunities. And as Econdisc joins WBAD, we feel like we reviewed it and looked at it and feel confident that we have the opportunity to grow in the future as these customers get larger with more scale across multiple markets, so.
Anthony Mauro - Mylan NV: Thanks, Gregg. On the U.S. Generics portion of the business, certainly, we've been discussing and talking about a full year number of mid-single digits, and I would say for Q3, we talked to you last quarter about it being a little bit choppy as well as Q4 just due to specifically around some significant first-to-file products in the previous year for the quarter that we're measuring against. So, I would say it was exactly where we thought we would be. And, at the same time, looking from a full year perspective, we feel high single digits is the accurate estimate that we have for 2017.
Anthony Mauro - Mylan NV: What I would say Doug certainly, we knew from launch on onset that the 40-milligram made up almost 85% of the market. However, the 20-milligram is still very important to us as well, and we're very encouraged the 40-milligram script trend is (1:01:29), specifically new prescription trends over 16% after three weeks of launch, we feel like this is a tremendous opportunity, as well as an opportunity to look at market expansion, with 17 brands in MS space and only a one generic with the 40-milligram, we think there's an opportunity to expand on that product and expand the market at the same time. So yes, the 20-milligram is equally important to us, although the 40-milligram is the larger opportunity.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: And for Europe – Marc, this is Rajiv. I think we see a slew of launches; not of big launches, but the multiple countries and multiple launches. But more importantly, the portfolio expansion and the focus and attention these brands are getting, not only to sustain, but continue to grow, that's driving it basically. That's driving the growth in Europe.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: And Ronny, for Advair, yes, we have a target action date of June, middle of June. But at the same time, given this GDUFA I and GDUFA II, the bridging goal date, this being a high-priority product to the FDA, we continue to work with FDA very closely on this to better (54:03) that date.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Yeah. And on RESTASIS, actually, if you have tracked, we had a target action date, Umer, on September, and that's when we received a IR (56:00) based on that new guidance change, which was immediately addressed and submitted. And this bridging goal date is now, basically, the December end is a bridging goal date, and there is no – we believe we have addressed every aspect of science (56:13), and we can be technically looking us getting over the threshold and getting approval of this very important product by this date.
