John Snisarenko: Thank you, Jeff. Please turn to Slide number 30. There’s a significant unmet need in the treatment of dry eye disease. Just in the U.S. alone, over 30 million adults are affected. 16 million, or less than half of these adults, have been diagnosed and only two million are currently treated with a therapeutic. Over seven million people have tried the currently available therapeutic options. The majority of current treatments target the inflammatory component of dry eye and take some time to see a therapeutic effect. In addition, many of these options are eyedrops, which may have tolerability issues that can lead to poor compliance. Please turn to Slide 31. Let’s take a look at our commercialization plan. In anticipation of FDA approval of OC-01, we are planning to launch OC-01 in Q4 of 2021. Our commercial strategy focuses on three key areas: direct promotion to eye care professionals, educating both prescribers and patients and enabling patient access to this important therapy for dry eye disease. We plan to hire a competitively sized specialty sales force of between 130 and 200 reps, who we believe will be able to target greater than 80% of the dry eye disease prescriber base, which includes both optometrists and ophthalmologists. We believe a sales force of this size will also be able to support the commercialization of additional ocular therapies in the future. The therapeutic dry eye market has historically been quite responsive to direct-to-consumer promotion and education. We will invest in extensive education and focused marketing campaigns to both the eye care community and to patients, leveraging our novel MOA and nasal spray. The third very important pillar of our commercial strategy focuses on enabling patient access to OC-01. We plan on contracting for broad payer coverage, which will allow for comprehensive pharmacy distribution of OC-01. We also plan on providing patient support services throughout the patient’s access and reimbursement process. Outside North America, we will consider partnerships for international commercialization. Please turn to Slide 32. We believe that with our data and the novel approach to treating dry eye disease, OC-01 nasal spray has a very compelling therapeutic profile: a convenient BID dosing delivered in a preservative-free nasal spray; a novel MOA that stimulates the body’s own ability to produce natural tears and restore tear film homeostasis demonstrated in multiple clinical trials to rapidly improve the signs and symptoms of dry eye disease; improvement in tear production was demonstrated in a majority and a broad population of dry eye patients; and as OC-01’s novel route of administration spares the ocular surface, there was no ocular burning or stinging, the most common side effect was transient sneezing. I will now turn over the call to the operator to open the line for questions.
John Snisarenko: Yes. Thank you, Tyler. We do plan to hire in-house our specialty sales force. We feel that would be supportive of the data that we want to bring to the eye care professional, the prescribers. And also, it would support other commercialization efforts for other ocular therapies that we will bring in the future. So we know where the prescribers are based on the history of Xiidra and RESTASIS and others, and we will have a competitively sized sales force that’s in-house to be able to target both optometry and ophthalmology.
John Snisarenko: Great. Thank you for your question. In regards to the number of patients that have tried the current therapeutic options, as we know, the current therapeutic options tend to target the inflammatory component of dry eye and do take some time to work, some as long as three to six months. So you can imagine a lot of patients have tried and have given up on some of those therapies. Hence, the 7 million over time, that group, that number has built. As well, because we’re sparing the ocular surface, the current therapeutic options are eye drops, and they do cause some burning and stinging, and patients do give up on them due to those side effects as well. So we do feel that there is a group of patients that are looking for other options. And I think even from a payer perspective, whether commercial or Medicare, there have been many patients that have tried and failed. So even if a generic RESTASIS does come on to the market, and we would have to step through a generic RESTASIS, there are many patients that would qualify to move right into OC-01 as a therapeutic option. I’ll let Jeff comment on some of the FDA questions that you had there on endpoints.
Jeffrey Nau: Yes. Great. Thanks, Tyler. I would say one way to look at this study is we alluded to earlier in the slides this study you really addresses a broad population of patients. And because of that baseline characteristic of eye dryness score and the protocol allowing patients from 0 to 100 into the study, we really think that this trial consists of mild, moderate and severe patients, and we did not enrich the study to just enroll the moderate to severe dry eye population. So I think the important thing to take away is that we see consistent and reproducible results from the ONSET-1 and ONSET-2 trials. We don’t see a difference in the patient population between the more severe patients and the more mild patients. So we really have strived to try and design our clinical trials to have a real-world applicability and enroll a population of patients that’s more akin to those that are going to walk through the clinic on a daily basis. We think this will also translate into real-world outcomes that will be similar to our clinical trials. So we see early increase in tear film production with, as you see there, statistically significant improvements as compared to control. And on the eye dryness symptom side, we see a statistically significant outcome at week four, but I think what’s most impressive is if you look at Slide 16 and you see that progression from week one to week two to week four, where we see a continued improvement over time with this product.
Jeffrey Nau: Yes. Thanks, Ken. So I think when it comes to combination therapy, I do think one of the benefits of this product because of the novel mechanism of action is that it will allow the clinicians, both optometrists and ophthalmologists, to really think about how they want to use it in the entire scope of treatment options that they have at their disposal. And so I do think that they will think about how to use this product with other therapies. I think they will think about how to use this product with other devices that may exist on the market. But because this product is novel and basically the way in which we are delivering treatment, which I think is often lost that we’re not putting anything onto the ocular surface, we’re stimulating tear film, and so to be able to get these results by stimulating natural tear film and putting healthy components onto the ocular surface, we think, will be important in the context of all of the other dry eye treatments that are out there. From an endpoint perspective, I do think that the FDA has been open to a lot of different endpoints. What I would say here is when we began this development program, we have consistently used the same endpoints over and over again. We think that eye dryness score in that it’s been used for the approval of other products was an important symptom endpoint. And then on the Schirmer’s Score, I think one of the things that’s also important here is there really are no other products out there that give the clinician a repeatably and reproducible assessment of a biomarker to see how patients are doing but also to see how patients will do. And a Schirmer’s Score is a very simple test. Every ophthalmologist and optometrist knows how to deliver that test, and we feel we’re going to be able to provide clinical data to the optometry and ophthalmology community that will be predictive based on this biomarker. But these are endpoints that are clinically meaningful. And so if you look across the landscape of endpoints that can be used in dry eye trials, I think these are really important, which is how much tear film are we putting on the ocular surface, and then what’s the impact to the patient from a symptomatic perspective.
Jeffrey Nau: Sure. No, I think that’s a great question. With 48 hours or so of being able to digest the data, there’s still a lot of data that we need to assess. And I think we’ll be able to start to look at subset analyses and some of the other planned analyses that are not a part of the top line data. In addition, as we compile our integrated summary of efficacy from both the ONSET-1 and ONSET-2 program, I do think that, that combined dataset will also allow us to see things that maybe each of the two studies themselves are not able to illustrate. And so as we learn more, we’ll be able to give some more guidance. But I think as of today, just based on the ONSET-2 study, we do see clinically meaningful improvements in symptom score, and we do see a slightly higher improvement in those Schirmer’s scores. But I don’t think that we’re ready to make a final decision as of today.
Jeffrey Nau: Yes. No, that’s a great question. So we do see a higher score across the board for that placebo group, whether it be on Schirmer’s Score, whether it be symptoms and – as compared to our ONSET-1 study. So I think what this does illustrate is a healthier patient population than we have enrolled before. I think if you were to look at the numbers, you see about 175 patients of that 758 population are actually below 40 on eye dryness at the time that they entered the study. So these are not patients that would have been entered into other dry eye clinical trials. And we see a consistent effect across all of these groups, whether they’re on the milder end of the spectrum or the more severe end of the spectrum. So one of the important things as a takeaway from this study is, I think it’s a real-world study for all the reasons that I listed in that first set of slides, and it’s going to be very translatable to everyday practice. These are patients that walk through the door. They, in some cases, have a milder form of the disease. And we really think that because of the novel mechanism of action of OC-01, this product really is applicable to patients all across the spectrum. So when we look at the data, I think it’s even more impressive, especially on the symptoms score, to be able to see this type of an effect in a patient population that’s much more healthy than we’ve seen in the past.
Jeffrey Nau: Sure. So I think the best way to answer overall, and it’s this common theme that you’ve heard throughout the study, is patient population is healthier than we have enrolled in the past overall. I certainly think that, that probably had something to do with the results that we’ve seen both in the clinic as well as in the controlled adverse environment. It was unfortunate that we had an impact to the controlled adverse environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but we do think that – and feel we got very lucky that we were able to finish enrollment with what we think overall is minimal impact to the study. And so when you look at the CAE data, you’ll see there’s a significant impact to the patient population that was able to be evaluated. That being said, what we were hoping for in the CAE is really to illustrate just how powerful this drug is in multiple environments. And when you look at the data, although we didn’t hit that point estimate, if you look at the totality of the data in the controlled adverse environment, we do see that there is a protective benefit with that, especially in that high-dose group versus control. In the context of the real world and feedback that we have from our advisers, they look at the controlled adverse environment as more of an interesting endpoint, and they really put more weight into that clinic eye dryness because that’s really what patients are going to experience on a daily basis. So we wouldn’t expect the clinicians to be putting their clinical patients into a CAE, but these are the types of environments that people encounter when they’re on planes, when they’re in forced hot air environment. So I think it’s – between the healthier population and the loss of sample size from the coronavirus impact, we saw a directional benefit certainly, not as big as what we saw in the ONSET-1 study but having the power to show those very small improvements we just did not have in the study, unfortunately.
Jeffrey Nau: Yes. Yes, thanks. That’s a great question. So we didn’t formally collect data in ONSET-2, although we have market research data that does indicate that patients that are currently on branded therapeutic products for dry eye disease would consider switching over to the nasal spray. About 90% of surveyed patients said that if the product is available today, they would take the nasal spray. I think the way that we look at the product is there are patients out there in the world that – certainly, 100% of patients will not like to take a nasal spray, but we do think that the product profile is going to be well accepted. If you look at our study design, you’ll see patients did not drop out of the study due to adverse events associated with the nasal spray at any appreciable rate. And we see in our market research that as compared to eye drops, the nasal spray route of administration is preferred by most patients. And so I think we all know the patient compliance issues that come along with delivering something to the ocular surface. There are many patients that just can’t deliver the drug adequately to the ocular surface. And there’s also patient populations out there, such as patients that wear contact lenses, where this becomes problematic, and we think that this nasal route of administration bypasses many of those challenges.
Jeffrey Nau: Thank you, operator. I’d like to thank everybody for joining the call today. Our original vision for OC-01 nasal spray to treat the signs and symptoms of dry eye disease was to develop a transformative treatment to address the large unmet medical need for patients via our hypothesis of restoring tear film homeostasis and natural tear production. We’ve produced positive efficacy results on multiple endpoints of signs and symptoms in several randomized, controlled trials. We’ve designed our trials to address a broader, real-world population, which we believe will allow eye practitioners to translate the clinical results into practice and strategize how to use this product in their practices. We feel that this is one of the reasons that patients do not often persist with current dry eye therapies as the benefits seen in the clinical trials do not translate to the broader dry eye population. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us today, and I wish and hope that you and your families stay safe and healthy.
