Heather M. Bresch: Thanks, Kris, and good morning, everyone. Mylan had a great second quarter. Top-line sales totaled nearly $2.4 billion, a constant currency increase of 36% compared to the same period last year. This result represents double-digit growth in our legacy business, as well as enhanced double-digit growth with the addition of the EPD Business. I'll note as well that EpiPen continues to post strong results and maintains an 86% share in a multi-epinephrine market and has delivered double-digit growth year-to-date. On the bottom line, our adjusted diluted EPS came in at $0.91 for the second quarter, up 32% compared to the same period last year and exceeding our expectations. Again, this result represents double-digit growth in our legacy business as well as enhanced double-digit growth with the addition of the EPD Business. Our exceptional performance this quarter continues to underscore the underlying strength and diversity of our base business and our relentless focus on execution, even in the face of ongoing regulatory delays, as well as external activity. Given the strength and momentum in our business, we are raising our 2015 adjusted diluted EPS guidance range to $4.15 to $4.35, an increase of 19% or 23% on a constant currency basis compared to our performance in 2014. Our guidance now excludes any contribution from generic Copaxone and includes potential generic competition on EpiPen in the second half of the year. In addition, we see the potential for opportunities on the horizon, and we'll provide any updates as appropriate. I'd like to take this opportunity to say thank you, more than ever, to all of our employees around the world for staying focused on executing and delivering great performance. With respect to the external activity, you saw last week that Teva announced an agreement to acquire Allergan's generic drug unit and its withdrawal of its unsolicited expression of interest to acquire Mylan. We very much believe that this is the right outcome for both companies and their shareholders. We believe the transaction further differentiates Mylan as the industry's only predominantly global generics player and will enhance our ability to gain additional share in markets around the world. We believe our offer to acquire Perrigo represents the right next step for Mylan, because it further diversifies our business that creates a paradigm shift in how we'll do business, and establishes a unique platform with the size and scale that allows us to continue being a leading consolidator in our industry. Together, Mylan and Perrigo will create a one-of-a-kind global healthcare company with complementary businesses, unmatched scale in our operations, one of the industry's broadest and most diversified portfolio, and immense reach across distribution channels around the world, allowing us to mean the most to our customers and consumers. We very much look forward to our shareholder vote on August 28; and as a reminder, we intend to take our offer to acquire Perrigo directly to its shareholders. We are confident that they, too, see the compelling value in our offer and this combination will support the transaction. In addition, as an update to yesterday's press release, we have now executed an amendment with all of our bridge credit facility lenders that gives us full discretion to lower the acceptance condition from 80% to greater than 50%, if we so choose. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rajiv.
Heather M. Bresch: Hi, there. Good morning and thank you. So, as far as alternatives to Perrigo, I think that we have continued, ever since closing our Abbott transaction, to say that it was going to be the first of a series. Obviously, we believe Perrigo is the right next transaction for Mylan based on the strategic initiatives that we laid out. But as we said before, we like Perrigo, but we don't have to have Perrigo. There's lots of assets available out there that we believe very much would complement our platform that we would be able to leverage the infrastructure, both commercial and operational excellence that we have in place today. So, we've been actively looking at many targets out there. And as I said in my opening remarks, we believe that there's many different ways to get to the scale and size needed for us to continue to be a leading consolidator in this industry. As far as Copaxone, and then I'll let John take your other question on investment grade, look, we just did what we believe to be the financial responsible thing to do, given where we are in the year, given the momentum of our business, of our core business; and as we said, the ability to show not only a strong quarter raised our guidance that we don't need to keep uncertainty in there. So, as you get more into the year, the more we can take uncertainty out of the numbers. We thought that was the prudent thing to do. I can assure you from getting the product approved, we are continuing to work as diligently as we ever had to get it approved. We think it's great. As we've said before, Momenta getting the first product approval, showing that it's possible to have generic Copaxone. We believe – as, I think, Rajiv laid out in his remark, we feel very confident that we've met the expectations of the agency, and we look forward to that approval. So, our bullishness on the product really has nothing to do with, I was just wanting to remove any uncertainty that we can from our numbers.
Heather M. Bresch: Maybe I'll start and then I'll let John come back on some of the technical aspects. Look, I think, Gregg, you know us pretty well, I think we've shown our ability to move pretty swiftly and quickly. So, I think you should expect nothing less than that, that we will continue to be pursuing a lot of different pathways and be able to strike very quickly, just like we did Abbott and then on to Perrigo. So, there's nothing changed on that front, or certainly nothing changed about our personality or appetite for acquisitions. And I'll just, maybe more comments on the customer in a macro level, and then I'll let John speak to the agreements. But, Gregg, what we have said and what we continue to see is with the consolidation of our customers, especially from a global perspective, our ability to have proven to be that global reliable supply chain continues to prove itself and continues to put us in a position that not only are we able to secure and maintain over a longer period of time our business, but are able to really, like I said, drive and benefit from the stability of our supply.
Heather M. Bresch: Okay. So, Ronny, I'll start with your Nexium. Ronny, I would hope that especially demonstrating this quarter and us raising our guidance under – showing that underscoring the strength of our core business, not relying on any one product or any one territory. So Nexium, obviously, great product and right now, there don't seem to be any other final approvals and there was no one else really tied to the August 3 date because we were the only generic company that hadn't settled. So, I won't speak or have a crystal ball on anybody else's approvals coming, but I can tell you that, as always, we're managing a whole basket of risk and opportunities around the globe. And so, we wouldn't be speaking to modeling of any one particular opportunity, except that it just continues to show the strength in our core business, as well as our ability to continue to receive approvals. As far as the complexity, really, the way that the Irish Takeover Rules work and as we stated back on our – when we got the 2.5, giving us the ability to go directly to Perrigo's shareholders, we put in there that we had optionality to go down to the 50 plus 1%, and really the other – I would not say there's any operational complexity. There is a time period of perhaps one to two months of taking over the board. And then, so once that happens, you've got full operational control of the company. So, it really allows you to be running the company with 50 plus 1% of the vote in a very short period of time. So anything that there would be, it would be a very small temporary blunt of time that we weren't in control.
Heather M. Bresch: Yeah. Thanks, Elliot. Look, I think we started in the right place, which was people's reaction in April, and that's instinctive both – I think instinctive, but the fact that it was strategic and compelling and the right natural fit. I think everybody got right off the bat. I think a lot of shares traded that day and settled out with us at that $68 range, and we felt that was the right range, and we continue to maintain that. What then subsequently happened, I absolutely believe Wall Street became very fixated on a near-term what they believe to be an opportunity. And so we needed to get that behind us, so people could focus back again on the industrial logic of Perrigo. And I think now that that has happened, sure, our stock – we've taken a little bit of a traumatic hit. There was trauma in the marketplace given Teva's actions, and I would say they're kind of disingenuous about maintaining that they were coming with a real offer and surprising the market by doing the Allergan deal. And as I've said, I think that was the right deal for those companies, and this is a short-term, temporary bump in our stock. I think we know our value. We know what we've created for shareholders. We know what we'll continue to create both in the near, medium, and long term. And I think our results today just underscores the strength of our business, both in the – here and now, and then obviously, as we've demonstrated, by raising our guidance for the year. And due to the Irish Takeover Rules, we can't say – give any forecast beyond that. But I can tell you, the strength and momentum in our business is strong, and I think our stock price will quickly come back to reflect that. And as you know, the tender to the Perrigo's shareholders won't be until the September-October timeframe, and we think, by then, all of this noise will have worked itself out. And I think that we still feel, as we're talking to shareholders, that they're back focusing on the Perrigo deal, realizing the industrial logic of it and we believe the Perrigo's shareholders think that we have a very fair and compelling offer on the table. So, we're excited about the next steps and think that we'll see once we get to our vote and then move, hopefully, to the tender offer.
Heather M. Bresch: Hi, Umer. Thank you. Yes, we absolutely have the flexibility to buy back our stock. And I would say, it's a great buy right now. So, it's a great inflection point for people to get back in, in this moment of, as the chaos that holds itself out, and like I said, I think as we've returned to the levels that we expect to be given, given our results and our performance. But I will tell you, we're committed to investment grade. So, while we have a ton of flexibility and optionality, we obviously stay very committed to our investment grade.
Heather M. Bresch: Thanks, Andrew. So, look, our outlook for EpiPen remains unchanged. I think we stay very positive on EpiPen. It's been a great product. We continue to see growth, obviously, as I said double-digits so far this year. And it is not due to our raising the guidance. As we noted, we've continued to maintain EpiPen generic coming in the second half of the year. So, if anything, it's an opportunity. And with that being said, I've maintained that I think there's a very high bar to get AB-rated approval. And so, look, we're already on a multi-epinephrine market, to your point. We're competing and we're very proactively competing for market share with our payers and formularies. And we'll continue to do so. And if an AB-rated does not come out, my thought would be next year will look very similar to this year, as far as the competitiveness of us maintaining, one our market share and our positions with formularies. So, EpiPen continues to do great. And like I said, but we've done a financially responsible thing as factoring it in. And so, we'll just have to see how the year plays out.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure. Well, Jami, and I think, as I alluded to you earlier, obviously, as you know, we're under Irish Takeover Rules which prohibit really quantifying much from a forecast perspective. But I think given what we were trying to indicate is, given the strength and momentum in our business for the first half of the year, we see just a lot of opportunities in the second half of the year. And as we've said, we'll certainly update that as appropriate. But it was really just to signal, one, the strength of our business, and two, the opportunities we continue to see over the near and medium-term.
Heather M. Bresch: Yes. And, Marc, as far as Europe is concerned, look, I think we continue to be very optimistic. Our organic business was flat. However, we're still showing growth organically for Europe as far as the year is concerned. And our EPD Business was flat year-over-year for the EPD which, as you know, is a positive. They had budgeted and spoke about single-digit decline in that business, and we've been able to almost really accelerate the flattening of that business versus a decline in that business. So, I think it, again, underscores it was the right transaction, given our portfolio and the complementary nature of the commercial infrastructure, as well as the products. I think the integration is going great. And as I look at France, we continue to regain market share in France. We've gained significant momentum in Italy. As Rajiv spoke about earlier, we've launched the Seretide in UK. And while we only had a couple weeks under our belt for this quarter, we think that's going to be a great product and then look forward to that coming in Germany. So, look, I think there's a lot of momentum coming in Europe, and the business is doing great.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure. So, Louise, I would say our priorities right now is getting the Perrigo deal done. But as I said that if that does not happen, we obviously are actively looking at a lot of assets, and I think you should just expect there's obviously things for sale all over the globe. Starting with here in the United States, we see assets that would increase dosage form or therapeutic categories. We see interesting bolt-on opportunities that will continue to enhance the infrastructure we have in place. We see assets in Europe that could, again, given now our commercial infrastructure with Abbott, EPD and our legacy business that would complement that. We continue to see other OTC opportunities that would allow us to continue to be able to fill out that OX (52:35) channel. So, I would say that, like I said, we've been very clear about our priorities. But with that being said, we believe there's a lot of – from priorities and the dosage form and the channels which we want to reach critical mass, I mean the most to our customers and to the consumers, and we believe there's a lot of different assets that can get us there. It's just that the Perrigo kind of accelerates that for us and as well as for them. They talk about their base plus, plus, plus business, we get them to base plus overnight. So, we think that that synergy and complementary nature is why again it's the right next company for Mylan.
Heather M. Bresch: And Jason, as far as the generic landscape goes, what's interesting is the FTC issues we've raised that obviously, there was the normal overlap consideration that the FTC should be looking at. But additionally, we said there is much more macro issues that they needed to take into consideration. And in fact, I actually used the example that if you look at the four top players in our industry, three of them are predominantly in the brand. That leaves only Mylan as the true global generic company. And therefore, if one of the other three consolidated, which has now happened, you take Teva and Actavis, that we thought they brought to the marketplace would be much less significant than it's taking the only generic advocate out of the industry would be. So, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, not only do I see it as different, I see it as a huge opportunity for Mylan. I mean, if we look historically at these large consolidations that take in place, we've been able to disproportionately gain market share as other use it as they divest and sell off assets. So, we see it as a great opportunity to build up our markets around the world.
Heather M. Bresch: And as far as EpiPen goes, look as I've said, we are being very proactive and competitive in the multi-epinephrine marketplace; and therefore as we said here today, we continue to take – look at EpiPen in a holistic manner and take opportunities as you would for a brand. So, you should foresee that just continuing as we continue to maximize the EpiPen franchise.
John D. Sheehan: And lastly, Sumant, with respect to your question in investment grade credit rating, as I indicated in my remarks, we are fully committed to our investment grade credit rating. And we do believe that should we decide to reduce the acceptance level of our tender offer to a level greater than 50%, that we would maintain our investment grade credit rating during the period in which we didn't have full control of the Perrigo business.
John D. Sheehan: So, I think, Gregg, first of all, we did during the quarter complete a agreement – or agreements with customers, and in particular one customer which had the impact of extending customer payment terms. The business benefits coming out of that agreement, for us, far exceeded the cost of capital associated with the extended payment terms, and therefore it was absolutely the right business decision for us to take, and we did so with our eyes wide open. I would absolutely not characterize it as exactly how you said it, but as a big bully or something like that. So, it was a win-win, from our perspective, to conclude this agreement with customers. I think you also asked about trade inventory levels and I can assure you that we have been operating normal business, and there are no unusual inventory levels at our customers.
John D. Sheehan: And, Umer, with respect to accounts receivable, the increase year-over-year in the accounts receivable is the combination of the acquisition of the EPD Business, that's the majority of it, plus the change in customer payment terms that I referred to during my remarks. And as it relates to organic growth in the business, our business actually grew organically ex-FX, without FX, by – at the top line by 36% year-over-year and with the EPD acquisition representing 22% of that. So, our Mylan legacy business, as I believe Rajiv had in his remarks, grew double-digits.
John D. Sheehan: And, Doug, with respect to the pricing environment, the way I would characterize it is extremely stable. For the year-over-year, the pricing environment, the price globally is really equal or zero, with positive pricing in the North America, mid-single-digit price declines in Europe which our volume more than offsets, and low-single-digit price in the rest of world. So, we're very pleased with the development of pricing around the globe.
John D. Sheehan: So, I indicated that in my remarks that with the overall global environment for pricing being stable, that the North American pricing environment was positive.
Rajiv Malik: And Jami, on Copaxone IPR, I think based on the legal arguments we see, and how it's going, we have been very confident on this IPR litigation or on IPR case and we are looking forward to the decision around end of August.
Rajiv Malik: On Copaxone. Let me say, Copaxone has a – we all knew it's a complex product and if everything is not black and white, then there's a little bit of gray. So, the citizen petition response and Momenta's approval gave us a lot of confidence that, fundamentally, we are on the same page. The last bit of questions, the clarifying questions are around fine-tuning – I will not call exactly the fine-tuning, but there are some different methodologies which we have used, and we are trying to give them more information about some of the abstracts where they want to see more clarity. We just received that question. We're in the process of turning it around in the next couple of days. And then we will be working very closely with the FDA to take it to the next logical stage.
Rajiv Malik: Doug, on generic Advair, there are a number of studies which are currently underway. There are several PK, pharmacokinetic studies which are underway. We are expecting within the next few weeks or a couple of weeks, in fact, of the clinical endpoint data. We have a device robustness study which is coming around. So, everything is aligned and progressing very well. Our commercial and manufacturing installation is not only installed, but now undergoing their qualification. So, we remain very confident about filing this ANDA towards the end of this year.
Rajiv Malik: So, Jason, I believe that our intelligence is not going to be far more than what you have. We have heard Sandoz-Oriel, sometime back we have heard Actavis having a program. We have also heard about 505(b)(2) between the Teva or some other programs. But, we are not actively or heard and seen that recruitment in the clinical, so we can't see anything more than that, but we believe that we are significantly ahead of others and we continue to maintain that momentum.
