Robert Coury: Thank you, Kris. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before we get started, I'd like to welcome and recognize all of our employees around the world. Specifically, I'd like to send a special message to our employees in Australia and New Zealand where devastating natural disasters have occurred recently. We are grateful that no members of the Mylan family were harmed physically. However, many of them were affected. Our thoughts and prayers are with them and their loved ones.  At Mylan, all of our employees have continually embraced the many changes and opportunities our company and industry have provided them and delivered exceptional results once again. On behalf of the board of directors and our entire management team, I would like to thank each and every one of them.  As you know, our growth over the past three years was driven predominantly by our successful integration, rationalization of three separate businesses. 2010 marks the end of an important period, and I'm extremely pleased with our performance last year despite significant headwinds throughout the entire industry.  Mylan delivered solid revenue growth of 8% over the prior year and strong earnings per share growth of 24%. I'd now like to make reference to Slide 3, which depicts our track record of consistent growth since our transformation.  On a compound basis over the entire three-year period, we have achieved an annual growth rate of 10% top line and 42% bottom line. I'd like to point out that although our earnings over the past three years have varied quarter-by-quarter as I expect they will continue to do so in the future, overall, we expect to continue to grow on the trajectory that you see before you.  In fact as we ended 2011, I believe that Mylan has reached a new inflection point. Over the next three years, we expect to continue not only to deliver strong bottom line performance but top line expansion as well. We anticipate that our revenue growth will accelerate significantly as we leverage the assets that we have put in place, including the largest product pipeline in the history of our company, combined with our powerful global commercial platform.  We have built a platform on which we can now capitalize our strong earnings momentum and deliver sustainable growth over the short, medium and longer term. As a result, we remain fully committed to our growth rates of 15% top line and 20% bottom line CAGR by the end of 2013.  For 2011, we also reiterate our previously stated target of $2 of adjusted diluted earnings per share, which is the midpoint of our $1.90 to $2.10 guidance range. As in the past and when appropriate, we will adjust our guidance throughout the year as we gain even greater visibility into all the other opportunities before us.  Now looking forward to other activities. You can expect in addition to maximizing what we already have in place, Mylan will continue to look at M&A opportunities that meet both our financial and strategic criteria, such as filling gaps in our portfolio in therapeutic categories or dosage forms similar to what we have achieved through our acquisition of Bioniche Pharma.  On an industry level, where Mylan plays a critical leadership role, I continue to expect additional consolidation in various markets. In that regard, Mylan will only participate in those opportunities that meet our primary objective of enhancing our already strong growth trajectory.  Let me close by saying that Mylan has never been in a stronger position to take advantage of the significant opportunities that lie ahead. And even with the impressive growth to date, I truly believe that Mylan will continue to be the best growth story in the industry looking forward.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, John Sheehan.
Robert Coury: I think maybe just to add, overall, I just want to remind everybody since Europe is always a key highlight in terms of the questions and the reports that are being written, let me just remind everybody from the strategy that we've started. What we've done prior to the expanding globally was simply to go out and gain and garner global scale. What we have always told you is that, for example, each market, each region is driven a little bit differently. For example in Europe, you've heard me say that in Europe you need to do an awful lot to get a little bit. In the United States, you need to do very little to get an awful lot because simply how large the market is. So going forward, if you think about what we've told you, if you take the global scale that we have now created, incrementally, when you see North America continuing to grow at an accelerated pace the way it is because it is benefiting from the global scale. Every little bit of global scale that we were able to bring to the United States in the largest market in the world had given us this massive expansion, and the opportunities are not going to stop in the United States. And I fully expect that North America will continue to grow and outpace, because of a very little bit to get an awful lot, on a going-forward basis which leaves now the opportunity of Europe.  Europe is a very fragmented market. I think you're going to see a lot of oscillation in Europe. But nothing that's going on in Europe is unexpected in terms of each country's varying by degree at how much they want to accelerate going after, let's just say, pharmaceutical pricing reductions in order to play a part in their own healthcare system. So given the opportunity of Europe is really vast, given the fact that it's such a young generic pharmaceutical market and given that generic utilization is going to continue to increase over there, unless for some reason the Europeans stop taking pharmaceutical prescription products, which I don't see in my lifetime, then we are really seeing the powerful machine that we have now put in place. And as I said, 2010 going to 2011 is now the base year of our growth. And if you see the growth trajectory, we fully anticipate again going forward North America to outpace some of these other markets, while we absolutely see the growth in Europe, and we are probably in one of the best positions to garner that growth as generic utilization increases. But you will have those oscillations. Next question, operator.
Robert Coury: And I think timing of our launches too has somewhat of an effect as well, whether they come late in the quarter or early in the quarter.
Robert Coury: And I think, lastly to that point, you need to be reminded and I think we spoke about this when we first done Matrix, using Amlodipine as an example, the enhanced gross margins that we get by repatriation is also very, very much reflected in our ability to maintain and grow market share. Without that enhancement of gross margin benefit, then we could be facing tighter competition than what we would be facing otherwise. So it really is a very much of a key factor for us to maintain a competitive level.
Robert Coury: And in terms of the strategic direction of the company, I think by now, you guys, what we put in place for you is really about as clear as a map as I think you can have in terms of visibility. And we also, I will continue to telegraph for you as best as I can when I can in terms of what else do I see out there in front? Because the large portion of my thinking is always looking at what's next, what's next? And so I think over the next three years, I told you this before, we have pretty much everything one would need. But yes, I do think there are going to be opportunities that are going to come up and only those opportunities that we feel that can enhance what we've already put in place. The map is there, and the future growth is right before us.
Robert Coury: I think the real story you're being told, Mark, is over last two years, specially over the last six quarters, all these dynamics that we talk about in Europe have all begun long ago. And the real story here is that what we have been doing at one point in time, Mylan legacy managing a portfolio of products I've always told you we're now managing a portfolio of countries. And I think what you're seeing in the story is that we basically have a pretty good system in terms of a probability weighting, the benefits and risks of managing all these countries by meeting or exceeding our targets that we put out there in the earnings per share. That's why Heather in her prepared remarks that even in 2011, we're giving you all this visibility. But yes, we're up probably weighting even with all that visibility, what we start with and certainly, this has happened in 2009. It's happened in 2010. What we start with at the beginning of the year as we juggle the voluminous amount of moving parts, and what we end with the probability weighting kicks in and yet we're still able to manage the business and meet our stated targets.
Heather Bresch: So I'll start with maybe your last question, we announced the settlement on Lipitor really because of the settlement, there's nothing more that we've added at this time. But as I've said over the past couple of months, I think that how the Lipitor market formation ends up evolving will probably still be quite different than anyone anticipates.  As far as Europe goes, you know look as I said in my remarks, Q4 certainly took a harder hit to the pricing pressure throughout Europe, France included Spain, that I would say that was probably the hardest hit because they had -- because the price cuts were delayed. There was even more of an acceleration from a destocking perspective at the pharma. So coming off of that, we absolutely anticipate growth this year. We see some important launches as I mentioned estimate result of the very important launch for brands in Italy, and also to keep in mind, the number of internal launches we're going to make. So not only just the sheer volume of over 350 but the amount that we're producing internally certainly helped drive that cost benefit and that margin in line with the ranges that we've given.
Heather Bresch: So as far as gross margin goes, look, I think you have to keep in mind as I pointed out the seasonality of EpiPen. So while we have a strong quarter for Dey in Q4, sequentially, as I said it's down. And so obviously, that's a large driver and a driver to the margin. Also as I said, we had broader pressure and the destocking issues that were heavier in Q4. So obviously, that not only impacts revenue but it also impacts the margin. But I'd say overall, Q4 still came in line at the low end of our range and came in line of that where we were for this year.
Heather Bresch: Yes. So let me start with the Q4. With reference there as the Clopidogrel launch that we have in Q4 of '09. So certainly that wasn't something that we didn't know about when we talked in Q3. But we only called it out to say that's why I said in my remarks that you normalize, that was a large, large launch. And so it certainly had a contributing factor to Q4 '09 being larger than normal, even though Q4 is typically the largest quarter of the year. So what that affected that Q3 since the Q3 call for Q4 was what I mentioned which was just broader and deeper pricing cuts than anticipated. And the destocking issue was much more accelerated at the pharmacy level.  So as far as growth, we certainly see growth this year in Europe. As I mentioned, second half being stronger than the first half just due to being able to benefit from the launches that they're going to have in the first half of this year. So one, we have Esomeprazole in the first half of this year which is going to be another quite large launch for us. But additionally, we have over 200 products that are going to be launched throughout Europe in the first half of the year. So the second half of the year, sales will certainly benefit from those launches. So we certainly anticipate growth in the EMEA region this year, year-over-year on a constant-currency basis.
Heather Bresch: I think that the prolific approach and the user fees that we are adjusting and advocating with the FDA is literally to do what Robert just said which was have one quality standard for the products that are being sold in the United States no matter where they are made in the world.
Heather Bresch: Well, as far as the user fee goes, look, I'm optimistic that now that we have the industry unified around this holistic plan willing to pay to play, so to speak, here in the U.S. market. We start negotiations with the FDA this Monday the 28. They have actually put I would say as pretty aggressive, but realistic time frame of June that we'd like to have a proposal. I think that it is going to have to be a legislative fix because we're looking to actually change status and regulations, this would not look like a PDUFA-type bill from my perspective.  And I would hope that we could have a bill introduced in '11 and then take effect in '12. And we're fully confident that, that is going to be a phase and approach you can't make these dramatic structural changes overnight. But we believe that, that phasing hopefully will begin in 2012. And I think the benefits are going to be for the industry, for the consumer here in the United States, and that's ensuring a safer global supply chain. To FDA's own admission, they don't have the resources to do that today. So yes, I think that benefit will continue to enter the industry and the people here in the United States that they're going to get safe and effective products, like I said, no matter where they are produced.
Heather Bresch: So first on legislation. As you know, we have been the primary advocate and leaders trying to push through authorized generic legislation that was reintroduced this month for this Congress. And look, I remain optimistic that the more discussion, particularly around patent settlement, our view has always been that if you fix the authorized Generics, you're going to see a lot less of the patent settlements than you did with authorized Generics. It's just the fact, if you look at a numbers before 2004, there was not nearly the amount of patent settlements that there are today. So we believe there is a direct linkage to that. And like I said, authorized Generics was reintroduced this Congress. And as far as the patents settlement bill goes, the industry, we've been very vocal. But that is absolutely not a fair practice for this industry to eliminate the settlement ability between the brand and the generic industry. So I don't believe it's got much support at this point in time in Congress. As far as Paxil goes, it's not over, we're in the middle of that litigation and therefore, can't say a whole lot more than that.
Heather Bresch: Yes, I mean, we have like I said Spain definitely was hit, and we see that fill coming back. I would say the good news right now when I give you the 2011 fill for Europe is that we do see opportunities. I think that we've made a very balanced approach. As I said we took higher price erosion throughout Europe in 2011, and we think we've accounted for what we know as today as price shock. I don't think anybody can anticipate but certainly, what all has been rolled out for '11 has been incorporated. And with that, we're showing significant growth for Europe this year. I think that when you look at places like Germany, for us, as you may have seen, the AOK was delayed and is now going to be put out for rebid because we, Mylan, pursuit litigation around the fact that the AOK tender was not done according to the guidelines. And so therefore, we were able to win in the courts and have that redone. So we're looking forward to again we see opportunity around the tender business in Germany, especially as we continue to internalize products and put us in this position to compete much more in this competitive markets. U.K. continued to be a good market for us. There are reforms going on their right now really doesn't affect the Generics business. It's similar to the healthcare reform that happened here in the United States. And Italy has probably the most robust growth. We see utilization continue to pick up there, and so Italy has just done extremely well. And as far as France, obviously, our largest market, it's great. We show growth like I said, Esomeprazole we're launching in France first half of this year which is going to be a big launch for us in France. And so all in all, the business is I would say healthy. And as far as our being able to manage, like the internal products, cost of goods, infrastructure, rationalization to marry up with the market dynamics, it's just a longer lead time as Robert said done here in the United States.
Heather Bresch: As far as the U.S. goes, as I mentioned in my remarks, we had Q4 launches and our launches in the second half of the year that definitely are part of our base going forward all side with their Clonidine, Minocycline, some of these limited competition launches. So certainly, it's definitely the base looking at going forward. With that being said, as John mentioned, Q1 being a little wider. It's a lot of timing of the launches that we have coming. So we see the U.S. opportunity growing throughout the year as far as our guidance goes.
Heather Bresch: So I would say, we see Italy, we absolutely have seen utilization have taken Italy, and we continue to see that. In Spain, we've seen some reimbursement changes to put more emphasis on the pharmacy reimbursement. As may know, Spain is a very divided market as far as prescription, branded, generic and substitution. And we've seen the substitution market growing at a faster rate in Spain, which is very good as far as that sustainable cost reduction for the healthcare system versus these one-off price drops. So we definitely see Spain substitution picking up, Italy utilization picking up, and we see France. We still say, there's a lot of upside to France. There are only about 23%, 24% overall generic utilization, and we continue to see the health authorities they're looking for an increased way to expand that list and incentivize pharmacists.
Heather Bresch: No, like what I said we've already -- as far as our assumptions have build in longer, longer review times the FDA, I think as far as supply disruptions, our assumptions aren't that far off as far as what we've seen in the last couple of years. As I mentioned as you have seen on the slides, we see mid to single-digit declines from a price perspective. But like I said, we see volumes offsetting that price decline. And certainly, the market disruption issues and supply issues that we've seen, we definitely have seen volumes year-over-year growth for our U.S. business. But I can't say anything disproportionate to any one of those supply issues. But just overall, I think it reflects, as I said, the strength of our base business.
Heather Bresch: Yes, I mean, I think as we've said, we probability weight those opportunities and have an authorized Generic in there. But it's certainly depending how those invest coming to be can change that dynamic. And as I said, we have 15 months of competition launches that we believe will happen this year, depending on how those evolve throughout the year that also contribute.
John Sheehan: I think we had said in the Q3 earnings call that we saw the full year at the low end of our guidance range. With respect to what does Q1 and light mean, I guess how I would expand on that a bit would be to say that Q1 would be at or near our fourth quarter results and not more than. That's how I guess I would describe it, Randall.
John Sheehan: With respect to the benefit from the repatriation activity, I guess what I would say first of all is that the gross margin benefit varies significantly depending upon what the terms are, the previous in-licensing arrangement that we would have. And one other point that you have to keep in mind is that as we repatriate those products and we have the lower cost, that gives us the opportunity to be able to grow our market share. I do believe that you're seeing the benefit of the repatriation activities within, for example, the year-over-year increase in gross margins that we had for the business as a whole and in the Generics segment.  And on a going-forward basis, I believe you'll continue to see those gross margin benefits. And right at the current time, I think we're comfortable that the 47% to 49% guidance range that we've provided, and the fact that we're at the low end of it now. It will be a contributing factor for our team.
John Sheehan: Yes, just like FX didn't play a big role year-over-year on the top line. Quite honestly, Ronny, it's not playing a big role in the operating profit line either.
John Sheehan: I think second half of your question was with respect to tax rate, which was a slight down to 27% for the full calendar year during the fourth quarter. The reduction really was the result of standard tax planning that we're doing on an ongoing basis combined with in December of 2010, the President signing the tax extenders bill that continued certain preference or tax provisions. And some of those were retroactive and certainly provided us with an opportunity and a benefit. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we see the full year 2010 tax rate to be 27% to be sustainable and within our guidance range of the 26% to 28%.
