Sanjeev Narula: No, I think, Scott, you covered everything. I think just two points to kind of just double-click on that. Glenn, to your point about the ranges. So, we talked about in that net proceeds of about $4.9 billion to $6.1 billion. And that was after the taxes onetime cost and the Oyster Point acquisition at that point. So, we stay within the range. And the idea there is that will be the proceeds that will be available for additional debt pay down, buying back shares and investing in the business for the capital allocation plan that was already laid out.
Sanjeev Narula: I just like to make a quick comment on Tyrvaya and the Eye Care business as well. We need to remember that this deal closed in January. So, this Q2 is our first full quarter with Oyster Point under Viatris's hand. Both revenue and demand for Tyrvaya were in line with our expectations for Q1 and March had the highest demand, as previously noted. We see opportunities for leverage strong parts of the existing organization, including commercial access and our large development team to help accelerate revenues in the future, including initiating DTC later in this year. I just want to say that we're very, very excited about not only Tyrvaya but the Eye Care business in general.
Sanjeev Narula: Yes. Thank you, Balaji, I will cover both points that you have talked about in terms of 2024. So, a simple way to think about this as the two. What Scott mentioned, minimum $2.3 billion free cash flow for 2024 is after taking out all the divested assets that we have announced. So, if you talk about today's 2023 guidance that we have, the $2.5 billion, that includes all the divested assets that we have with us. But this is to kind of show you the starting point for phase II, which is assuming all the divested assets are out of the numbers, and that's how we get to that $2.3 billion. Important to note that before any cost for divestment or any taxes which will obviously be funded through the divestment proceeds on that. And we are well on track, and we feel very good about where we are on that particular point. As far as the EBITDA is concerned, again, we had a strong quarter, came in at our expectation, slightly ahead of our expectation. The way to think about EBITDA in terms of the phasing is going to be now evenly phased between first half and second half. And that's going on because there are two factors that is driving it. First is obviously the gross margin, which first quarter came in ahead of our expectations. Our gross margin is going to step down in Q3 -- Q2 and is going to moderate in the second half of the year.  So, there's a function of product and portfolio mix, the continued impact of the inflation, and non-repeat of certain positive variances that we had in the first quarter. And then you obviously have the SG and R&D stepping up starting from Q2 and later in the year because the investment that we are making in the IT division, the R&D pipeline on organic products, and the DTC that Scott talked about for Tyrvaya, which is going to kick in at the later part the year. That's why we feel, again, great about overall where we are. But that's the cadence that we expect now but still will be at the midpoint of our EBITDA guidance.
Scott Smith: Thank you very much for the question, Chris. I think it's very important to note that due to the strong operational and financial performance of the company, we can execute our financial commitment and on the plan without the divestitures. So, these are really good, well-performing assets. Yes, there's been some deterioration, I believe, in interest rates in the macroeconomic environment. And we don't go in to any sale that we don't think mimics the value that we see in these important assets. Again, having said that, there's a lot of interest in these assets, and we believe they're going to move forward. And I believe they're going to be, by the time we get to the end of this process, I believe they're going to be in the previously announced range, both for value and for timing. But no, they're not necessary for us to be able to execute on the plan.
Scott Smith: Yes, sorry. Yes. On the Tyrvaya side, if we look at Tyrvaya performance in 2022, predominantly driven by commercial coverage. And as we enter into 2023, we have increased Medicare Part D coverage from single digits now to leaving the quarter about 54% Medicare Part D cover -- lives being covered. So, if you think about the marketplace, approximately half of all dry eye disease prescriptions come from Medicare Part D. So, we expect that to be a significant tailwind. As we exited the quarter in March, we had the strongest launch today for prescribers and prescriptions. We expect this to continue as digital advertising ramps and we initiate the DTC campaign in the end of the year. And Furthermore, when we leverage Viatris' commercial infrastructure, we feel that's going to drive an additional intermediate and long-term tailwind for Tyrvaya in the overall portfolio.
Scott Smith: And, I did confirm $2.3 billion going forward. But let me take it to Sanjeev to give you some more context around your EBITDA question.
Scott Smith: Yes. And just thank you, Umer, for the question. I'd just add to what Rajiv said. My first international trip on behalf of Viatris was to China, and to meet the China team, and I was incredibly impressed by the leadership, by the strength of the leadership team, and the overall strength of the operating affiliate in China, a very, very strong, particularly commercial organization that we have there. As Rajiv noted, lots of products in the pipeline, and really looking forward to the next step with our affiliate in China.
Scott Smith: So, thank you for the questions. And just relative to the BD strategy going forward, what was laid out in November, the areas we were going to focus on were GI, dermatology, and, of course, eye care. And I am very, very comfortable in all those areas. I've had a very significant experience, both development experience and commercialization experience, in GI and dermatology. And again, very comfortable moving forward in those areas. I will say, however, though, we will also be opportunistic. If there's something, and we're very open to something outside of these areas, if it fits our business dynamic and it's right and will bring the right kind of value to the company. So, I'm very excited about the strategy going forward. Again, focus, eye care, derm, GI, but opportunistic and open to other opportunities as they come in. And I think if you take a look at the model of the type of acquisitions that we would like to make, take a look at the Oyster Point and Famy Life Sciences that was completed earlier in the year. Those are an excellent example of the execution of that strategy. We acquired a company with an approved asset, customer-facing organization, and we were able to marry it with the Famy development assets. So, I think that's a really good example of the type of deals that we'd like to do going forward.
Scott Smith: I believe that was the last question, the end of the questions. And if so, I'd just like to take a moment to say thank you to everybody on the call here for time, and attention today. So, want to say, really, really proud of the strong operational and financial quarter we had in Q1, a great start to the year. and I really look forward to meeting and spending more time with all of you as we move forward in the future here. So, thank you very much.
Rajiv Malik: Thanks, Jason, for your question. First of all, very happy to announce today the submission of this NDA very important for a product without a partner maybe. And I would say, it's not just a compliance play. We have studied this data very carefully over the last couple of months, got deep into the previous studies which are available. The significant treatment effect of the Depot product in reducing the ARR strengthened by the MRI endpoint supports the use of GA Depot for the RMS patients. And just map put your head around, just as against one injection per month, 14 injections is what current treatment is and almost 560-milligram drug against the 40-milligram. Moreover, not only this was in relapses, but GA people significantly reduce the contrast enhanced lesions by 28% as well as new or enlarging key to T2 hyperintense about 17% and significantly help on the EDSS, which is expanded disability status scale. So, I think with all this, we are looking forward to GA still -- this molecule still has a significant market share. And this product will revive -- this product will for the revive and boost that aspiration.
Rajiv Malik: I can start with the -- from the second part. I think we never want deemphasizing the oral solid business. All we did was diligently looked into our portfolio, looked into there are multiple options products are commoditized. There are more than 10, 15 suppliers out there. excess is not an issue. And we pruned that portfolio and focused on going up the value chain, focused on excess of the more complex, hard-to-make products, because somebody is going to take the lead to bring those products, too. so, I would say that generics are still a very important part. Our excess -- basically, it's all about excess, and that's where we have been focusing on. Bringing excess to this hard-to-make, difficult products in this segment across the globe. So, we're not walking away from that segment. That's the first thing. Second, from the brands point of view, established brands point of view, not just Lipitor and this, these brands, we have been -- these brands -- some of these brands were before Upjohn or even the average experience. We were never declining at an accelerated rate. And we while because there was perhaps not enough focus over the last two years, we have -- I know what we have to work with, and we are focused on these products.  Over the last several quarters, six to eight quarters, we have been able to stabilize this bucket very successfully from a decline of -- initial decline of 4%, 5% to about now 1%. And in fact, this quarter, it was flat. And next quarter, you will see this segment coming to a little bit of growth. So, it's all about stabilization of this bucket, which is leading to the further robustness of this platform. So, we are very excited with the work which we have done around this and our ability to manage this portfolio.
Rajiv Malik: On the student low dose, as market is already lighted commoditized cannibalize, I would not say it's cannibalized but commoditized with now one, tow, three players out there. And [indiscernible] low dose actually is a medical need. There's an unmet need here. There has been always an ask for a low-dose hormone of product over here, and we are well on track, where Phase I studies are now completed, stylization, irritation, addition, and Phase III studies underway targeting about 12 under women, and we are looking forward to bring this product to the market maybe by '25 -- sorry, '26, in this case. On address of Botox, yes, very early on, maybe almost 1.5 years back, we saw the alignment, and we got the alignment with the FDA very clearly what they have expectations were on CMC. And what are on the clinical trials, like, for example, one of the clinical study, they were looking on a survival dystonia as well as extensive digital and embroidery. So, all those studies are well in -- all that work is well on track. And we will be submitting our IND later this year for the initiation of Phase III studies.
Rajiv Malik: Yes, and Nate, on the erosion, everything as we had expected, everything as were expected, it came from the complex generic’s category, as you noted, and largely driven by three products in the North America. One was Restasis because we had almost exclusively of the cases over last year over this period. We had additional competition come on Xulane, Amyl, and that's one second contributor. And the third was Wixela where we have seen some hyper competition over there. So, I think these three products largely contributed to the erosion in the North America in the complex generics category. But as we look forward, we know -- I think we're looking forward to, in fact, bringing the developed markets back to the growth in the second half of the year.
