Rajiv Malik: Yeah. Yeah. Thanks Bob. I think -- as far as China is concerned, we have been living with this evolving healthcare policy, VBP. Now you are in the UK, with URP, lived through COVID cycles. And we continue to see a strong performance from one of its kind. I think it's a very strong commercial infrastructure. So we have -- our team has managed the business well, the transition well. And both the channels, the hospital channel as well as retail channel continue to perform better than our expectations.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. And Umer regarding the GA once monthly, as you remember, we had already indicated that about 10% of the patients for this trial were in the Ukraine. And in fact, we were anticipating at one point of time, there might be more delay in managing that, but I think the team did a great job. And we go to -- at my prepared remarks, as I mentioned, we will having a readout of these results sometime in the middle of the September. So, we're looking forward to that and sharing with you -- with all.
Rajiv Malik: Yes, it's on the RRMS. And very clearly, we are looking into the improvements around that. It's not the progressive study, a relapsing one. And that -- it's very much at the moment with the indication of the Copaxone is. What we are looking forward is the effectiveness once-monthly.
Rajiv Malik: No. I mean, the only thing I will add, we are not cutting the cost to manage it. It's exactly -- we are running and driving the business as we had planned. And we are hitting on all cylinders to -- whether it's by segment or by operations or it's for the cost of goods.
Rajiv Malik: And David, to your point about dividend, just kind of want to reiterate. Commitment to dividend continues to be a priority in returning capital to shareholders, that's very important for us, and that will be a priority as we go forward.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. any price -- underlying pricing trend is an outcome of the portfolio. And we have, for years consistently work to shape of our portfolio to have – yes, of course, we will have some generic commodities, but more and more of the complex hard to make mix, with a different sort of erosion profile.  And as an outcome that I can talk not of this quarter, but for the last several quarters, we have consistently seen. At a company level, we have a price erosion of about -- at an enterprise level at about 3%, 4%. When it comes to North America, even at this quarter, exceptional items, we have seen about 4% price range. So we see the continuing trend of mid-single digits. Now has inflation change the pricing? Some of these discussions we would expect that and what has actually started making a difference is the buyers are also seeing rationalization, as every company is undertaking, especially it on oral solid products. They see – they would see that many companies discontinuing those products and I think that’s sending a bigger message to the buyers that the sustainability of this very important industry is first time, I think is coming would being put on the table when we go back and have those discussions because the cash flows of this business are so important for us to reinvest in and brining in more and more hard to make products like whether its Advair or Symbicort and that can go on. So there’s a balance and I think there’s a discussion which is right at this time on the table and I am glad that we are having those types of discussions rather than just fighting discussions.
Sanjeev Narula: Thanks, Elliot. So let me unpack that, just a couple of things I want to just -- so first of all, I think put the FX aside, as we've said in our opening remarks, business is performing very well operationally. Whether you look at segments, you look at new product revenues, our spend management, cash flow generation pipeline business is performing as expected, if not slightly ahead for the first two quarters. And that's the outlook we have for the rest of the year. So that's -- keep that in the mind that that's kind of what is going on. In terms of FX, when we gave our guidance back in February, we had anticipated approximately 2% FX impact, roughly $350 million in the top line. And that's what we showed that in that guidance chart. And then what has happened is when we came out in May for our first quarter call, we highlighted that there's going to be additional 2% FX impact on top of that, based on the rates as they were at the time of our conference call in May because dollar has further strengthened. Now when we are in July, that's what we've upgraded, we updated the guidance. The overall FX impact on the top line is incremental of 5%. So 2% was built into the guidance, 5% is what we have. That's the 7% that we've gotten later. And that's just a function of, Elliott, 70% of our business is non-US dollar denominated. 45% of foreign exchange impact comes from euro. And euro is at historical low, as you know about that. We do have the hedging programs in the company, the industry standard layering we do, and to the extent we can. And this -- the impact that we talked about is reflective of that. Coming to the last part of your question in terms of how we are able to offset that. Clearly, we are able to offset because of the operational strength of the business. So if you look at the EBITDA, we have done -- so far, we are ahead of gross margin, because of the favorable mix in terms of our product segment and excellent control on the cost of goods. And then on the SG&A line, we are doing better with synergies and disciplined expense management. Both is going to help on the EBITDA line to be able to offset the impact of that. And as you noticed, we've actually increased the gross margin midpoint by a 50 basis points on a full year basis because of the strengths that we’ve seen in our business so far. Coming to the last point about free cash flow, we've actually done very well, as you see in the first two quarters, over 40% versus last year. We continue to see strength in our cash optimization initiatives. That will actually help. And then there's some lower on CapEx cost that we're going to be able to offset. So we feel very confident about the EBITDA range and the free cash flow range that we provided.
Sanjeev Narula: Okay. Sure. So, Gary, let me take all three items one by one. So, clearly, as you heard in our remarks, we are managing our synergies and integration very well and expect to achieve our synergy target that we laid out. And then we're doing exceedingly well on managing the expenses. So, clearly, all those items are going to stick. And there is clearly obviously some benefit that we're getting because of the FX, as you see. But all the items that we are seeing, in terms of our SG&A line, are sticky and sustainable over a period of time. Clearly, as we look for the second half of the year, there is going to be a little bit of a ramp-up because of the timing of the spend. But overall, we feel good about the trajectory of our SG&A line. With regard to, again, on the free cash flow, the improvement that we're doing are of permanent nature. These are fundamental drivers of working capital, whether you're looking at how we pay, how we receive, those are fundamental drivers of the changes that we're doing and how we operate, and they're going to stay with us. And clearly, there is some benefit that we're getting this year a little bit on the lower CapEx. But essentially the broader point about improvement in cash flow will sustain and help us on the coming years and then lowering one-time cash costs, which is again is a permanent benefit that we see as we go forward. The last item is on the gross margin. Clearly, as we see in the first two quarters, we have a better product mix. We're getting better products, the higher gross margin and from geographies, which have a higher gross margin, and that our cost controls are doing very well on the cost lines. So, again, those benefits are going to stick with us for the remaining of the year. And then as we come out with the next year's guidance, we'll provide more details on that.
Sanjeev Narula: And the refined point is, again, continue to look at the cash flow generation. As you saw that in the sixth quarter, it's very, very strong. And as you get into the next year, those benefits will continue. And that as we reduce the one-time cash costs, you're going to continue to see significant cash flow generation of the company.
Michael Goettler: Very good. So I'll take the first question, and Rajiv, maybe you can address the second one. So Umer, on capital allocation, look, we're very consistent. Our strategy is very clear. First of all, the basis, we're confident to meet our 2022 and 2023 financial commitments, which includes dividends. You saw our Board has, yet again, declared $0.12 per share dividend. Debt paydown, Sanjeev gave you an update on about the progress, the good progress we’re making there and then maintaining investment grade. That's the baseline. As we look ahead, we expect to close the Biocon transaction in the second half of 2022, which will provide us optionality and flexibility with disciplined capital allocation. And then the other non-core asset divestiture also remain on track for 2023. So with regard to share buybacks, other capital allocation decisions, we'll make those decisions with value for shareholders in mind at the right time and for the right reasons, considering all the circumstance and effect. And Rajiv, you want to talk about--
Michael Goettler: Yes. And I think overall, overall comment I would make is our business is strong. We now have six quarters of strong operational performance. This is not that -- we're not in the cost-cutting business or cost-cutting or achieving results. We're doing this to set up the business and strengthen the business over the long-term. Next question.
Michael Goettler: Sure. David, let me reiterate again that we've been very clear and consistent about what our capital allocation priorities are. Again, there is -- so the base, the base is that we need to hit our '22 and we will hit our '22 and '23 financial commitments, that includes the dividends. We're committed to a dividend, that includes debt paydown, which we're very committed to and it improves maintaining investment grade.  Then with the divestitures we have, we get optionality. The Biocon transaction for the first time, which we expect to close in the second half, we get optionality. And then with the other core assets, which we are on track for end of '23, we get additional optionality. And we do make the right decisions with shareholder value, in mind at the right time for the right reasons, given all the circumstances at that time, right? So -- but you know where our commitment is on that. On assets that we're looking at for business development, nothing really has changed from the analysis that we did. We continue to believe that the therapeutic areas that we pick from moving up the value chain are the right ones. I think that gets confirmed. And -- but we also continue to be GA agnostic. And as we said, we look at all opportunities. The global health gateway, as you said is always is an integral part of our strategy. It's integral part of our business model to leverage our global infrastructure, to leverage the commercial platforms that we have, to strengthen the business for the long term. We're very disciplined about this. I think we've proven that over the last six quarters. They should always expect us to look at all opportunities, organic or inorganic as we go on.
Michael Goettler: So let me take the second question first, because only out to that is, we're on track for end of '23. And we're going to give you updates as we go along as it happens. On the pricing dynamics, I think, very important you understand the difference in the portfolios between different companies that make comments on it. And Rajiv, maybe you can comment.
Michael Goettler: Okay. I think that concludes our quarterly earnings call from Viatris. Hope you got the message. We’re hitting on all cylinders operationally. We now demonstrate – which we’re proud of six quarters of strong consecutive operational performance was taken to our -- and delivering on our financial commitments. And we're also making great progress on our reshaping initiatives. And we look forward to updating you more as we go along. Thank you very much.
