William Szablewski: Good morning, everyone. I'm Bill Szablewski, Global Head of Capital Markets for Viatris. It is my pleasure to welcome you to our Investor event. With us today is our CEO, Michael Goettler; our President, Rajiv Malik; and our CFO, Sanjeev Narula. We have a lot to share today regarding the reshaping of Viatris into a simpler, stronger and more focused company. But before we get started, I need to cover off a few disclaimers.  During today's investor event, we will be making forward-looking statements on a number of matters, including our financial guidance for 2022 and various strategic initiatives. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause future results or events to differ materially from today's projections. Please refer to today's slide presentation or the press release that we furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K earlier today for a full explanation of those risks and uncertainties and the limits applicable to forward-looking statements. We will be referring to certain actual and projected financial metrics of Viatris on an adjusted basis, which are non-GAAP financial measures. We will refer to these measures as adjusted and present them to supplement your understanding and assessment of our financial performance.  Non-GAAP measures should not be considered as a substitute for or superior to financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. The most direct comparable GAAP measures as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to those GAAP measures are available on our website at investor.viatris.com and in the appendix of today's slide presentation. The information discussed during the presentation, except for the participant questions, is the property of Viatris and cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Viatris' expressed written consent and permission. An archived copy of today's presentation, along with a replay of the webcast, will be available on our website at investor.vetris.com, following the conclusion of today's event.  With that, now I'd like to hand it over to our CEO, Michael Goettler.
William Szablewski: Yes. Thank you, Chris, for the question. Our next question, operator, we're going to go to Balaji from Barclays.
William Szablewski: Thank you, Nate, for the question. Next question, we're going to go to David Amsellem. Please go ahead.
William Szablewski: Thanks for the question. I think we have time for one more last question. We'll go to Navann from Citi.
Rajiv Malik: Thank you, Michael. As Michael just outlined, we have identified certain assets as a part of an extensive strategic review. These assets have a potential to unlock the trapped value and are potentially noncore to the future direction of the company. These assets can generate up to approximately US$9 billion of pretax total proceeds. The plan is being executed as we speak, and up to $3.335 billion of these proceeds will come from the Biocon transaction, which I will walk you through now.  The transaction we announced today is the first step towards creating a simpler, stronger and more focused Viatris. Under the terms of the agreement, Viatris will contribute its biosimilars business to create what we expect to be a unique vertically integrated global biosimilars leader. It's not only the right natural next step for our partnership, but also a continuation of our biosimilars journey and enables us to participate in this space in a more optimized way while unlocking substantial trapped value. We believe this evolution positions Biocon Biologics to further optimize and maximize the biosimilars business. Viatris and Biocon started the journey together in 2009, even before the biosimilars regulatory pathway was defined in many markets. We had many successes together and continue to build upon our momentum by adding more products to our pipeline. Together as partners, we have seen this landscape evolve from a science, regulatory and customer perspective. Biosimilars are heading steadily towards a face of a mature market. And as was in the case of generics, vertical integration will prove to be decisive to stay ahead. We believe this transaction positions the company as a world-class vertically integrated biosimilars leader and will enable the new company to optimize end-to-end operational capabilities, serve market needs with competitive advantages and will have sustained power.  The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. Viatris will receive total consideration of up to $3.335 billion. $3 billion of the consideration will be received immediately on closing, with $2 billion in cash and $1 billion of convertible preferred shares. Viatris also expects to receive deferred consideration up to $335 million. Viatris will own a stake of at least 12.9% of the combined business on a fully diluted basis. We currently expect the combined business operating as Biocon Biologics to commence an IPO in India by late '23. The deal consideration represents a transaction multiple of approximately 16.5x based on estimated '22 adjusted EBITDA of our biosimilar business of approximately $200 million.  Under the terms of the agreement, Viatris will contribute its biosimilar business, which includes all the programs currently partnered with the Biocon; as well as our biosimilars program for Humira, Enbrel and EYLEA. To facilitate a smooth commercial and operational transition, we will provide via TSA select services such as commercial, regulatory and clinical. We will receive cost plus a markup of USD 44 million annually for the duration of TSA.  Now I update on the share consideration. We will receive $1 billion of the convertible preferred shares that represent a stake of at least 12.9% on a fully diluted basis. We believe Viatris will be positioned to generate additional significant value through the potential upside of our ownership stake in the combined business.  An IPO in India is targeted in late '23, and Viatris has a certain priority rights in IPO. Viatris will also receive customary anti-dilution and preemptive rights. On governance, Viatris will be granted 1 seat on the Board of Biocon Biologics.  In terms of timing, while the transaction is subject to customary and regulatory closing conditions, we currently expect the transaction to close in the second half of '22. We expect the TSA services will end by quarter 4 of 2024. That transaction is an exciting evolution to our partnership with Biocon. I look forward to sharing more with you soon about how we will leverage the proceeds to reshape the Viatris for the future.  Now I will turn it over to Sanjeev.
Rajiv Malik: Yes, not just -- I would say, to your question, for example, GI, we have a pretty good franchises with Europe and some other markets, like Japan, Australia and all that. And Amitiza for Japan fits in, in the GI. And I think it's not about just how much size they have, it's the presence we have with those in that space. So I think that's been one of the considerations, as Michael very well pointed out. And same is the case of ophthalmology with the Xalatan knowledge we got from Upjohn. I think we have a pretty good understanding of that space commercially. So these are some of the factors, which we have taken into consideration while picking up these areas.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. No, we went to, as I told, pretty much a bottom-up process about what's core, what's not core, where the company is heading. And your point, some of these are not in line with our margins of the company, and some of these are those businesses the margin is not in that segment. And look, we -- the assumption was that once you focus on these assets, I would call them high-quality assets. So I'll say, once you focus, if they are in the player, if they are in the hands of who's focusing on that, there's a different value. And we did our work, and we are pretty much -- you're right, we are fairly -- we have not only identified, we have done some work to put that value over there. So we are pretty much on the way. And our goal is, we should be done with all this by end of '23.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. Ronny, the blended -- if I say that if you put all the businesses together, that's where we are saying that blended erosion is around 4%, 5%. That's the 5% you are talking. And you're right, generics can have a component of 5%, 6%, and the LOEs have maybe 3% to 4%, not exactly at that level. And I'll tell you, I mean I'm pleasantly surprised by how much we have been able to hold it. And 1 year, because of the -- and I'm not looking at this as an excuse. I think this is going to be a year when we are going to be out there in a normalized way when our people can get out and all that. So there has been some movements over there. But I would say roughly, you should look into the brands at about 2%, 3%, 4%. Japan is a one key one where the price erosion on these brands is a significant one, and we have that. So if you come out of the Japan and go to emerging markets and all that, it's not that much. So once we, I think, bottom out that, that's one piece.
Rajiv Malik: Before I go to even Gateway, I think, Ronny, we're not moving away from any business. I think if you see my slides over there on the R&D, we're still honing on and the -- let's look at the generic space. 22, 23, 24, 25s, we have some nice products lined up, whether it's Symbicort, whether it's next year, launching our -- this year launching Revlimid and then going into the complex injectables. So our investments from R&D are up on complex generics, but then more move on into the products like our 505(b)(2)s, like Copaxone is a good example, once a monthly.  We just started a study on the EFFEXOR GAD, general anxiety disorder. We started a study on Yupelri, the PIFR study, which is going to help us expand the patient base. We started a study on Xulane Low Dose. So these are the products. And I think we are picking our spots. We are being very judicious, diligent. And then 3 areas, when they come in, I think when you look into the NCEs and all that, you can't be looking into therapeutic-agnostic over there. That's where these 3 therapeutic areas come in. So Michael, you may want to...
Rajiv Malik: Yes. Eric, actually, let me just start by saying we are flattered by the value, which has been assigned or which has been put on our biosimilar business by this partner or by this third-party outside. Every deal -- everybody has a different deal, and we have our business. We know the value of our business. We know what we are walking into it. We are -- first of all, let's start with what's right for the business. We are setting up this company for success for a long time as a vertically integrated company. And we're going to be equity holder in that company so that we can ride that upside, and we can be with them to make them successful and then ride with them. It's value accretive at approximately triple of our current stand-alone multiples, nearly 2/3 of our consideration in immediate cash proceeds. So I can go on. I can go on, like it frees up our R&D and capital deployment priorities. It frees up. We now can -- we are now free to go and deploy where we are going and where we need to invest on. So immediate capital availability again, from the cash perspective, again, if we need to invest back in the business or share buybacks and all that.  So I would tell you, it's a great deal for us, and we really feel that it's a right logical step. We had set up the company in a right way. I know the space. I've been there now with the last -- ever since the journey started in 2009, we have several learnings and we know what it would take to be successful in this space. So I think this is the right call, and I'm very happy that I was a part of this journey, and I am part of this team to make this call.
Rajiv Malik: So Nate, the cadence should be, we -- in one of my slides, last slide, you said mentioned $500-plus million, excluding biosimilar is this sort of cadence based on what do we have in the pipeline today. It doesn't take into consideration us ramping up the R&D and us having the flexibility to add more into the R&D, investing more in the R&D, investing more into the business development and doing those deals. So that's how you should see that.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. I would say -- I will take a step back. Look, we have been investing $600 million, $700 million on R&D circa for last few years. And every year, we have been launching the products worth $600 million, $700 million. So it's a pretty productive R&D machine, if I have to start from that.  And as you see, 9%, it means we are doubling the R&D. We are going from about $600 million to $700 million to about $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion towards '26. We are doubling the R&D. And you should see as a development house, where we have all the dosage form capabilities, clinical capabilities, regulatory capabilities. And we are already executing on many 505(b)(2) opportunities. So that's not an issue. We partner with Theravance to execute Yupelri, and we know that that's where the clinical capabilities we have and try to highlight on that, that how many Phase II, Phase III, Phase IV studies we have been part of. So I feel very confident that as we step up R&D, as we bring in the assets now with the late-stage Phase II, Phase III asset, this machine is set up to execute and take us and help, as Michael laid out, the future direction and help us go towards the higher value, higher gross margin, higher science products. So that's how I will see this transition in R&D.
Rajiv Malik: You want to go for a second or you want to -- so on China, Greg, you should see a -- there are 3 segments. There is a public hospital segment. That's where the impact of this health care policy is going to be fed. That's about 40%, that's going to be about 40% for us. Then there's a 45% sort of retail, and then rest of it is some private hospitals. And that's where we are investing, that's where we are spending time. That's where we are expanding the footprint to, so that we can offset what we basically going to face in the public hospitals. So that's how you should -- these are the 3 levers you should see and -- from China perspective. And yes, as you can anticipate, as focus has been on retail, health care consumerism. We are seeing both multinational as well as local Chinese companies stepping up the competition. But we have a -- there is still much quite a bit of appreciation for a global brand and the quality. And that's where we distinguish ourselves with many of those local companies.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. I think the first question was about, would biosimilar divestment impact our customer reach and all that. Greg, we are still a pretty broad portfolio, a very deep portfolio, and more importantly, a deep pipeline. So yes, couple of years from now, the biosimilars will not be a part of it, but we're going to continue to add more products so that we are meaningful. And like always, like we have been for the last 2 decades, be a partner to our customers. So that focus is that not -- that focus and that importance of that aspect is not changing.  As far as my comments about the maturity, the biosimilars moving towards a mature phase, I'm looking at a decade ahead. And I'm looking at journey, which biosimilars have covered over the last 5, 6 years, how the market formation, how the market is evolving from the competitor landscape. Look at just Humira. It's maybe one-off, but there are 15 players out there. And look into the -- just not U.S. as a market, Europe as a market, where the tenders have gone to a point where you can be competing with even brand at 80%, 90% erosion. So when I said it's heading towards -- or it's heading towards a phase of maturity, I'm taking all that into consideration. And like we have managed in the last 2 decades, vertically integration helped us manage the similar environment and generics. That's what I saw. This is where exactly we are. And if we are looking 10 years ahead, this -- we need to be vertically integrated, and this was the right next evolution, right next call.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. We are very much on track. We ended the year at about 4% on that. We are at about 10% TRx, NRx about 15%. We said we will be mid 15% to 20%, somewhere in between mid- to high teens. That's where our -- this year goal is, and we are very much on the trajectory from the incident point of view. And from -- second, Restasis, I cannot be more pleased after a decade long slugfest with all -- what we went through with the FDA. We were the first one to bring the product over there. Very proud of the science team again. And yes, they're product surprise -- we don't see much competition out there. We have one competitor over there at the AG. So as long as we have that sort of space, we'll make most out of it, and we are very much on track to beat, meet our numbers on that one.
Rajiv Malik: And let's just say, it's a very complementary deal. We have a huge responsibility for the next 2 years. We're going to help -- my role will be to help it, integrate it in a seamless way, bring these businesses execute for next 2 years. Nothing should come in the way. And then when you're getting into '24, '25, make sure how seamlessly we can transfer these capabilities and resources, set up the new company for success, help them in every possible way as you'd expect us to be doing it for the long-term perspective as we are a meaningful stakeholder in that company. So I'll do everything in my -- everything possible in my way to help that.
Sanjeev Narula: Thank you, Rajiv, and good morning, everyone. It's been an exciting day for Viatris. Today, we announced strong Q4 and full year 2021 results and financial guidance for 2022. We've entered into an agreement with Biocon Biologics for a total consideration of up to $3.335 billion. We've also announced a plan to reshape the company, which we expect to unlock additional value.  In the next few slides, I'll walk you through the reshaping initiatives underway, how it strengthens our profile, accelerates financial flexibility and enhance our capital allocation framework.  Slide 15 represents an illustrative pro forma for what Viatris could look like post closing of Biocon Biologics transaction and after execution of plan for other select assets. There are a few key takeaways to highlight.  First, as a result of the partnership structure and profit-sharing arrangements of the biosimilar business, the estimated 2022 biosimilar adjusted EBITDA margin is relatively lower compared to our company average. Second, looking at pro forma company, total revenue and adjusted EBITDA will remain largely intact after the transactions. Next, the Biocon transaction at roughly 16x 2022 adjusted EBITDA and estimated proceeds from other select assets are expected to unlock significant value above our company's current valuation. Finally, we expect these transactions will significantly strengthen our financial profile, unlock up to $4 billion to $5 billion of after-tax proceeds that will be deployed for investing into business and returning capital to shareholders.  Turning to Slide 16. We highlight our illustrative financial profile across revenue, profitability and the balance sheet. For revenue, we plan to complement annual product revenue of approximately $500 million with business development that is targeted towards assets that fit our strategic, commercial and financial criteria. These opportunities can come in from of regional tuck-ins, a therapeutic focused pipeline and a broader distribution type arrangements via our Global Health Care Gateway.  For profitability, we expect gross margins to stabilize over time given the focus on complex products that are wholly owned and not subject to partnership payments. Given our track record of success and the value upside afforded by more durable, higher margin of complex products, we intend to increase our R&D investments.  We expect SG&A to continue to benefit from synergies in 2022 and 2023, averaging out at approximately 20% of total revenue. And finally, upon closing of the Biocon transaction, our balance sheet will be immediately strengthened with $2 billion in pretax proceeds to accelerate our Phase I financial commitment.  Now turning to Slide 17. We expect that the anticipated cash proceeds from Biocon transaction, along with the plan for other assets, will provide additional flexibility and enhance our capital allocation framework. Under Phase I, we intend to accelerate the base plan by retiring short-term debt in 2022. In total, we intend to pay down at least $6.5 billion of debt between '21 and '23 in order to reduce our gross leverage to approximately 3x by the end of 2023. We intend to increase R&D and pipeline investment for future health of the business. As a result, we're taking a more balanced approach to capital allocation and have revised our midpoint of long-term gross leverage target from 2.5x to 3x. With the anticipated proceeds from Biocon Biologics and other select asset transactions, we expect to accelerate investment into business and return more capital through potential share repurchases. We will take a measured approach and evaluate each option against our internal hurdle rate and other criteria.  Now I'll turn it over to Michael.
Sanjeev Narula: If I can just add, Michael. Chris, the other thing that you keep in mind, you talked about performance. We're actually coming from a position of strength. If you think about how we've performed, and including the results we announced earlier today, of four quarters of solid performance. And even without these reshaping initiatives, we are on track with our Phase I commitments that we talked about in terms of generating over $1 billion of free cash flow in three years. So it's actually coming from a position of strength and naturally evolving to where Rajiv and Michael just talked about is the next stage in our journey.
Sanjeev Narula: Right. So Balaji, on the EBITDA, I tried to explain that on Chart 59. So what's going on? There are 2 important factors that are not unique to Viatris, but that's the industry-wide. First is obviously foreign exchange. Our business is 70% international business. As you know, as seen second half of last year and beginning of this year, dollar has strengthened. Key currency that we have is euro and yen. So that all is causing at about a 2% headwind on our EBITDA and I showed that in the chart, that's about $120 million. So that's one factor.  The second factor is the inflation on the input cost. This is on the third-party supply, whether it's the solvents, the -- all the third-party procured APIs, distribution cost, all that is causing an increase in the cost, which is again an industry-wide, and I tried to clarify that on the chart. That's about $196 million. So these factors, again, put together, is causing the -- have been considered in coming out of the guidance, where you see the midpoint is at $6 billion.
Sanjeev Narula: Yes, sure. So Elliot, so first, for clarification, yes, the biosimilar EBITDA and revenues included in the guidance that we gave out today. And then as we pointed out, Rajiv pointed out, the transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter towards the end part. So we're not expecting a big change in the numbers this year, but that is included in the guidance that we came out today. The second point that you talked about on the onetime costs, so we -- you do see a reduction in the onetime cost in 2022 as we issued on the guidance. So I think the way to think about, Elliot, in the guidance is we're now looking at onetime cost in actually 2 buckets. One is cost to achieve with all the restructuring and integration work that is going on. So that cost has actually come down in '22 and will come down -- will go down in '23 as we close out these initiatives. That cost is coming down, and that's part of the guidance.  The other part of the cost, which is what we call it is cost in normal course of business, like the litigation settlements, profit shares, those kind of costs. Those will probably remain, move up and down, depending upon the situation of the year. And that's what you see because of the legal settlement, the cost is a little bit higher than reflected in 2022. So the big part, the cost to achieve, that has come down in '22, will continue to come down as we finish the restructuring initiative. The other cost, which is the -- all the other costs, which are required to run our business, would probably stabilize to the level that we have in this year's guidance.
Sanjeev Narula: And Jason, on the EBITDA, I think there's not much to add, except that I talked about those 2 factors, inflation and FX, that's industry-wide. I think the other thing, Jason, to keep in mind is the EBITDA guidance is the EBITDA guidance, and we -- Michael said that is very balanced in our view with the -- with our point to be meeting and exceeding that. I think the other factor that I want to highlight is the cash flow. We said we've been saying all along, the Phase I commitment is dependent on the cash flow, which is the North Star. We are still on track at these EBITDA levels, still planning to generate over $8 billion on the base business without any of the divestments you talked about that, which will be -- which is sufficient for us to meet our commitment for debt paydown and the dividend and dividend growth.
Sanjeev Narula: Yes. So the Biocon deal is immediately accretive and accelerates our Phase I commitment. So the $2 billion that we expect to get post tax to -- in the fourth quarter, we're going to utilize to pay down our short-term maturity. We'll still have cash left at the end of the year and then obviously additional cash next year. So all that would be available, as we talked about earlier, for potential business development or share buyback. Both options would be there, and then we'll evaluate case-by-case situation at that time where to go for one way or the other or both. So that's the overall.  And then when the proceeds come from the IPO, which is earliest Q3 '24, '23 or Q4 '24 beginning, again, that adds to the flexibility about what we talked about in terms of whether that's going to be BD tuck-in deals or more share buybacks. So that's kind of -- but immediately, the $2 billion will add to our and accelerate our Phase I commitments and provide an additional cash for share buyback or BD.
Michael Goettler: Thank you, Sanjeev. Now as we said, we plan to expand our portfolio to more innovative and more durable assets such as NCEs and 505(b)(2)s, and we will do that in a very focused way.  Now for this, we conducted a thorough analysis of our current strengths and capabilities, especially our scientific capabilities. We looked at market sizes and growth opportunities. We looked at the degree of unmet medical need and the opportunity for innovation, the availability of Phase II and Phase III late-stage assets. And we looked at who our competitors would be and who our prescribers are. And the results were clear. Some therapeutic areas had too much competition or too much scientific risk for us to see a credible path to leadership in the time horizon that we're looking at. Others were too small or didn't provide enough room for innovation. And as I already mentioned earlier, 3 therapy areas in particularly hit the sweet spot for us. That's ophthalmology, dermatology and gastrointestinal. Depending on the opportunity, we may not pursue all of these equally at the same time, but they represent the kind of therapeutic area where we have the ability to leverage our existing infrastructure and maximize the opportunities.  Next slide, please. Viatris today already has a unique hybrid model with the requisite capability spanning from what is needed to be successful in the generic space, to a strong base for what is needed in the brand and innovator space. And we expect to further expand on the innovator capabilities as we hone in on the targeted therapeutic areas.  Next slide, please. To build a durable portfolio of innovative assets, we already have a solid platform to build on. We already have a proven track record in development and have a true development powerhouse. Rajiv will talk about this a little bit later. We already have a global commercial infrastructure. We already have a best-in-class global supply chain, quality and operational excellence. And the Global Healthcare Gateway is the heart of the company as we leverage our existing platform and expand into more innovative areas.  In fact, today, we're announcing that we already have entered into our first Global Healthcare Gateway transaction focused on ophthalmology, acquiring an exclusive license for Pimecrolimus ophthalmic ointment for the treatment of blepharitis, which is a very common type of eye irritation. Blepharitis affects about 6.5 million patients in the U.S. alone. And in the U.S., there's currently no product specifically indicated for chronic blepharitis.  This product will contribute to ophthalmology franchise while we continue to search for an anchor asset. And the path to leadership for us starts with the acquisition of an anchor asset in 1 or more of the 3 therapeutic areas as well as expanded R&D investment in those areas. And it's through the Global Healthcare Gateway and our global platform that we believe we can leverage the full global potential of these assets, organically or inorganically add complementary growth assets in some of these therapeutic areas and then leverage the benefit of therapeutic area leadership and focus by leveraging the existing health care provider coverage, leveraging our existing development expertise, leveraging our existing medical expertise, leveraging the connections we have in the scientific community, et cetera. As I said, we see a clear path to therapeutic area leadership in one or several of the TAs that we identified.  So let me summarize on the next slide. Viatris of the future is simpler, stronger and more focused. We have and are already executing on a clear plan to reshape the entire company and build a durable higher-margin portfolio consistent of generics, complex products and off-patent brands. We take some strategic actions on certain assets, but add an innovative growth engine of NCEs and 505(b)(2)s in our targeted therapeutic areas. And with this, we expect Viatris to have significant financial flexibility.  In addition to debt paydown and dividend growth, we now expect to have the opportunity for increased R&D investment, for extensive BD activities as well as share buybacks. And finally, building on our current platform and capabilities, we intend to have further enhanced commercial and medical excellence with a focus on the identified therapeutic areas. Bottom line, a simpler, stronger and more focused company delivering access to patients and value to shareholders.  With that, I'd like to hand it over to Rajiv now, who will be giving you more details on our pipeline and how we are further enhancing that pipeline in line with our strategic vision. Thank you. Rajiv.
Michael Goettler: Thank you, Sanjeev. Thank you, Rajiv. As you can say, we're excited. Look, bottom line from today, what I really want you to take away from this, everything we presented today, is that the entire company, now that we laid out the strategy, the entire company, entire management team is focused on the future of Viatris. We're looking forward to build a company that's simpler, stronger, more focused, that has a portfolio consisting of generics, complex generics, off-patent brands and an increasing innovative growth engine of NCEs and 505(b)2s; a company that has significantly enhanced financial flexibility that we can put to use for either share repurchases and/or BD and R&D.  And if you look at this, simply put, the years '22 and '23 are really years of execution, execution against the commitments that we've made for Phase I, the debt pay down, the dividend, the cash flow, the synergies, but also against now all the initiatives that we outlined to set ourselves up properly for success in 2024 and for many years beyond. That's what we're excited about. That's the vision we're laying out today.  And with that, we're going to go to a short break. And after the break, we come back, and we look forward to your questions. Thank you. 
Michael Goettler: Chris, we missed the very beginning of your question. There was the sound was missing for about 30 seconds.
Michael Goettler: Okay. Thank you, Chris, for that. Look, I think what we've done, as we promised to do is to do a comprehensive strategic review of all of our business, goes through -- and look bottom-up, and we took our time today with -- in 2021. We looked at all the portfolio that we have. Where we want to move to is very clear. We continue to be a broad-based business. We have generics. We have complex generics. We have off-patent brands. We want to add some innovative growth engine to it.  Now as we looked at the biosimilar business, right, I think the deal recognizes the value of what we have created, the attractiveness of this business, because we think it is a very attractive valuation that we're getting. It's immediately unlocking value. It's giving us $2 billion immediately in cash up front. We continue to be involved in the biosimilar business just in a different way by having the 12.9%, at least 12.9% stake in the future Biocon Biologics, with the upside potential that comes with this. We created a company, and that's the strategic element here, that it's much better positioned for success by being vertically integrated. We said that's where we see the market going, and vertically integrated companies are going to be the champion of this.  And there are multiple other benefits, including the unlocking of value and then being able to use that capital as well as the other divestitures to invest in the areas where we want to move, which is higher margin, more durable NCEs and 505(b)(2)s, in addition to the broad-based portfolio they already have. And I ask maybe Rajiv to give additional comments.
Michael Goettler: Right. And Chris, the second part of your question was on the additional assets. So obviously, we're not, at this point, disclosing what they are for reasons, for integrity of the process, for competitive reasons, et cetera. We'll disclose that as we come closer to it. But again, it's driven by the same motivation. It's either unlocking of value. It's a question of is it core and noncore for the future of our business going forward? And does it help us to simplify the business and reduce execution risk and complexity of the business that we have. That's the main motivation behind those assets as well. So I think with that, we'll take the next question, Bill.
Michael Goettler: Yes. And I think, look, on the longer-term outlook, clearly, Elliot, I mean, you caught it right, right? We want to move on the value chain. That's one of the ways we're going to return to growth, right? And that's the intent of what we try to do here. I think the best we can do right now is give you a pro forma that we laid out in the presentation, and Sanjeev walked through the proforma of what it would look like, after we're done with all the strategic initiatives. What we can't give you yet is what we're going to add to that, right? And our capital allocation priorities are clear. It's either going to go -- it's going to go to R&D, where we try to gradually ramp up our R&D. It's going to go to business development in the 3 therapeutic areas. And if you want offline, I can walk us through that more of why these are the ones that we think we particularly have a path to leadership in. Probably not all 3 of them, maybe only 1 of them, but these are the type of areas that we think we have a passive leadership on. So that part is missing, and you will see it evolving. Good news is, '22, '23 are the years of execution, is where we're going to deliver against that target, and we're going to -- you're going to see the initiatives that comes through. And then what I don't want to forget, Elliot, is also the share repurchases, right? That is clearly the bench and one of the important benchmarks. We now have significant financial flexibility to also do share repurchases. As you know, the Board has already authorized the $1 billion share repurchase program. It's going to be a significant factor for us going forward. And I would expect us, after we're done with the $6.5 billion share repurchase program, I'm not sure, $6.5 billion debt reduction, that we then move to an EPS model, right, because it would make sense with share repurchase having such an important element in our strategy going forward.
Michael Goettler: And just to add, we added -- we also include external advisers to help us validate some of the numbers.
Michael Goettler: No, I just echo what you said. I mean, Ronny, we're not walking away from anything here. There's absolutely -- we're going to be a company that's balanced, right? That has a balance of generics, complex generics, off-patent brands. And what we're into at now is this innovative, higher-margin, more durable portfolio. That's an add, that's an end, right? And if you do that, if you go into that innovative space, you have to do it in a focused way. You cannot build therapeutic area leadership by having -- being in 7 different therapeutic areas. You get benefits from having commonality of customers, connection with scientific community, development expertise. That's the fly we were trying to build here.  But as you saw in our slides, we also have still the opportunity for regional deals, strengthening our portfolio, as Rajiv said, on the R&D side with, for example, the trial we're doing for generalized anxieties, EFFEXOR in Japan, et cetera. So that opportunity still exists, the opportunity for smaller licensing deals, complementary to the portfolio that we have in the regions or even distribution deals, that opportunity still exists. But what we're adding today is that focus towards the higher-margin products and the balancing that mix going forward for the future and for the long term, after 24 and many years.
Michael Goettler: Okay. Let me start with the EBITDA question, Eric, and I'll ask Rajiv to comment on the 12.9% devaluation question. On the EBITDA, look, we're not -- we're giving you '22 guidance. We're not giving long-term guidance at the moment because of all the moving pieces. And again, we gave you guidance on what RemainCo would look like, absent of any business development deals or other moves that we may be making. So I think that's what we put on the table now. Our intent is to move this company to the future, beyond 2024, have returned to growth and make this durable higher-margin portfolio. That's where we're shifting it. Whether growth comes in '24 or later, at this point, I think it's too early to comment on.  And Rajiv, you can maybe comment on the 12.9%.
Michael Goettler: Yes. And Greg, on the assets, I mean, all I can tell you is it's a mix. There are several of them. It's not a single one. But I really don't want to disclose more at this point, again, to preserve the integrity of the process that we are running as well as for competitive reasons. And just like we saw with the Biocon deal, we're ready to talk about it. We come out, and we'll tell you the complete story.
Michael Goettler: And that's how we were so excited about creating this vertically integrated biosimilar champion and staying involved in it with at least 12.9% stake and being able to participate in the upside on that as well when the IPO happens. So we're thrilled about participating in the business, in a better setup and in a different and more optimized way.
Michael Goettler: Okay. Right now, thank you for that question. As I said at the very beginning of today, this is an exciting day for Viatris, an exciting day for our employees, it's an exciting day for shareholders. I think we've laid out for you a very clear path going forward. 2021 really was the year we delivered against the targets we set. We integrate it. We are synergized. We brought the 2 companies together, but we also used that time to really lay out, do a thorough strategic review, lay out a path forward. We now have a path that unlocks up to $9 billion in pretax proceeds that we can reinvest, use to return value to shareholders and/or invest in our business. We've clearly laid out to you what we're going to do in R&D. We tried to lay out to you in BD, which areas to the Global Healthcare Gateway we're going to focus on to add to that innovative growth engine of NCEs and 505(b)(2)s, on top of the solid core that we have with generics, complex generics and off-patent brands.  We're excited about the future, and we look forward to keeping you updated as we deliver value to shareholders and provide access to patients.  Thank you.
