Heather Bresch: Thank you, John. And just to close, Mylan's outstanding track record in the industry of leading by example. Over the past 5 years, we've built a global operating platform that we believe is unparalleled in terms of scale, diversity, flexibility and depth of expertise. Moreover, we have repeatedly demonstrated our ability to leverage this platform to develop and launch high-quality products, absorb headwinds, respond quickly to market opportunities around the world and meet or exceed our financial targets. With the addition of Agila, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to business diversification while growing our current platform at a double-digit rate and executing on our strategic growth drivers. We now look forward to applying our leadership in the injectables space just as we have done for oral solid dosage forms and transdermal products, by example. We're confident that with our diverse portfolio, our commitment to quality and our workforce, which is second to none, we will continue to deliver long-term growth and outstanding value to our shareholders. With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Heather Bresch: So let me just -- first, maybe I'll tee up real quick, Jami. I think you asked about partnerships, I'll let Rajiv weigh in. I think what John's pointed out that, obviously, what the business has done and how they've done it on a stand-alone basis is certainly impressive from a growth trajectory perspective. But now, more importantly, it's strategically how we view this with -- for our current platform, as well as continuing with some of the partnerships, as well as now we think it provides us the avenue to even add additional strategic partnerships.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So as -- I think as you just stated, we've been pretty vocal about the fact that -- especially in our Q3 call, stating that we've been very active. Our strong cash position and where we've accelerated our ability to pay down debt put us in a very attractive space to be looking at all kinds of assets. So while we have certainly been looking at things that would complement our current generics platform, obviously, injectables was something that, with our Bioniche acquisition, kind of got our foot in the door. And we have repeatedly said that critical mass around the injectables space was very important for us and we also saw as an important precursor for our global biologics platform. So we're looking and are still looking at lots of things to complement our current portfolio and companies in the Specialty division to other dosage forms and therapeutic categories. So that's how I would address your question. So we think, again, this is a great -- it's going to be a great asset and acquisition to really accelerate our growth initiatives.
Heather Bresch: And I think just to add to that, I would say, similarly, as you look at -- when we did the Matrix acquisition, what we said back then is what we would be able to do when combined with that platform and what it would mean to Mylan. And I think you should think about this transaction very similarly since we see that kind of benefit coming across our entire global platform.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So as I've said in my remarks, we've seen generic utilization grow in every market that we serve in Europe. So I think, finally, governments have realized that just taking price cuts doesn't change behavior or give you sustainable health care containment -- cost containment. So I think what we're seeing is that more governments are putting incentives in place to increase generic utilization, to have a much more sustainable containment. And so we've seen certainly volume growth, market share growth in those key markets, you mentioned France, Italy, especially. And we absolutely see volume offsetting continued price erosion. I think that we'll continue and we certainly anticipate further price, but we absolutely see growth continuing. And like we said, the last 2 quarters boding very well for, hopefully, what the future holds for Europe.
Heather Bresch: Okay. So I'll start with when we should see benefit: literally, within the first full year. I mean, as I said, it's going to double our current injectables business in the first full year after closing. So we see this as immediately being accretive. And as John noted that having significant growth rates exceeding ours, our CAGR growth rate. So I think we see immediate, accretive, and like I said, this is the first full year.
Heather Bresch: And I think just, Greg, further to define the pipeline and paragraph 4 and stuff like that, as John said, we certainly -- come Investor Day, we'll be able to give a lot more color around the combination both from a financial, as well as the pipeline perspective and what we see, as we said, the acceleration of our own target around the injectables business and get some more transparency around that.
Heather Bresch: And maybe I will just add. If you think about our Advair opportunity, I think that if you think about what Pfizer is focused on and where their core strengths are, as we said, as they develop that device, and as I said, we've reaffirmed with the FDA our ability, our pathway to a substitutable generic Advair, it's where, as Rajiv said, where Mylan's core competencies kick in. And I would say you could think [ph] insulin around in that same way.
Heather Bresch: Yes, I'll start with your last question. Hopefully, what was able to come through when you look at our historical track record around R&D, and, obviously, our -- the growth in the -- what we have produced as a result over the last 5 years should hopefully show our ability to invest at the right levels and to the right products. And I think that as you look going out, obviously, as I'm sure you realize, the biologics and Advairs and so forth are multi-year projects. So I can assure you that we have -- as we look out to our $6 target in 2018, that certainly fully incorporates spending the right levels of R&D throughout those years to bring those products to the market.
Heather Bresch: Well, I mean, I'll start, I guess, just kind of at the more macro level. I think, obviously, when we look at vertical integration, again, just as you've seen, our margins constantly tick up year-after-year. I think you should expect, especially what we consider this to be, even a higher barrier to entry and the dynamics of the injectable market is in right now, but we certainly see those margins very attractively.
Heather Bresch: So I'll start with your last question. I would say that there is still plenty of room in the generic space. Firstly, right now, the most important market in the United States. But I would say there's so many dosage forms and therapeutic categories that we don't have critical mass around. So I would assume that we're looking at anything that would continue to complement our current portfolio in that way. And, obviously, our Specialty division, as we've said, is something that we're continuing to invest in. So we're still going to be looking at acquisition opportunities across the whole spectrum of our business.
Heather Bresch: Yes. I think as I stated earlier, that what we see with the generic utilization increasing and not insignificantly in our markets, especially in France, that we see volumes helping to offset the pricing pressure. So, yes, we have single digit in there, but keep in mind that, that's with volume offsetting. So I think that we definitely have confidence and see this mix between volume and price with the utilization increases across Europe.
Heather Bresch: I would say that we absolutely see that, that's part of the attractiveness in why the timing is so perfect, I think, for us to be able to establish a leadership position in this space at this time. I think as you see the discussions [ph] that have happened, as I said, over 45% of the drug shortages have been attributed to these quality and manufacturing issues, that there's just an opportunity for someone to step in with quality-reliable supply. And so I think as we establish ourselves, as we have in the solid oral dosage and many other market forms, as you're able to establish that reliability and supply is extremely important to customers. So while -- as we've said, there's certainly other large players in this arena that I'm sure will come and go and have their volatility, but that's why we see a huge opportunity for us to gain a leading position in this industry. And I would say that I absolutely believe that the GDUFA legislation that was passed last year will absolutely continue to bring much more scrutiny to these facilities that are supplying drugs [ph] into the U.S., and that will continue to [indiscernible] to our benefit.
John D. Sheehan: So I guess that was all 1 question, Jami. So I'll -- I think in my prepared remarks, I did indicate that the share buyback that we announced in November was completed. So that is done. With respect to the Agila business, that business has been growing at significant rates, and we expect it will continue to grow at significant rates. But I think the really important thing is not what it's been doing as a stand-alone part of Strides but what it's going to do combined with the Mylan platform. We have only just started to scratch the surface and the combined Mylan-Agila platform we see as accelerating our growth in the company overall but specifically in the injectables business. We'll get into more detail with respect to the financials of the business when we come to our Investor Day that's planned for August 1 of this year, Jami.
John D. Sheehan: We didn't announce the share repurchase program until mid-November, as you may recall. So obviously, on a weighted average basis, which is what GAAP requires, the share repurchase did not have any real impact in the fourth quarter.
John D. Sheehan: So I think on the second one first, the chart does indicate that we expect the Specialty segment to grow 30% in 2013. That is correct, David. And I guess with respect to the financials, the Agila business has historically been a part of Strides, and there is some financial information out there with respect to the Agila business. But what's really important is what the business is going to be going forward. Because when you combine it with the global Mylan platform, that's where we see the real benefits and the growth accelerating from. And so -- and that's what we look forward to providing you with more details about in our Investor Day this coming August. And so I think that's probably the best way to focus on the business.
John D. Sheehan: So with respect to the gross leverage ratio of 3.3x that I mentioned in my prepared remarks and was on the slide, that is pro forma, including the Agila transaction. The Agila transaction isn't expected to close until Q4. And therefore, when you consider that EBITDA that will be for 1 quarter or less in comparison to consolidated Mylan, it's not really adding a whole lot.
John D. Sheehan: So I think on your first question, Ronnie, first of all, Agila's business has been growing substantially and is projected to grow -- continue to grow significantly. And we did bottoms-up due diligence over a long period of time. And we looked at what we believe that asset can grow at. We also looked at what the asset can do in Mylan's hands. And I guess what I would say to you in the bottom line is that we paid what we believe is a very good price for and is comparable to other injectable transactions that have taken place.
John D. Sheehan: Look, Elliot, I acknowledge that there are -- that Strides, there is financial information. I indicated earlier in the call, there's financial information out there for Strides, and that Agila is the largest portion of Strides. And I think you're 100% right. It isn't what the business has done historically because it is growing at substantial rates, not just double digit but at very substantial rates and so is what the asset is going to do in 2014 that we were looking at. And we will lay out the financial information with respect to what this asset will do with -- when the Mylan -- as part of the Mylan global platform later this year in our Investor Day, which will still be well before the acquisition closes. And in response to a previous question, I did indicate that the acquisition price we paid is comparable with other injectable acquisitions.
John D. Sheehan: So with respect to the additional payments, it's subject to satisfaction of certain conditions by Strides before closing or shortly thereafter. However, to the extent that the $250 million or some part of it becomes payable, there would be additional EBITDA that would be associated with the -- with those additional payments that would come with the business. So it is -- the EBITDA and the additional payments would be tied to each other.
John D. Sheehan: And, yes, I can confirm that the EBITDA margins of the Agila business are in excess of the average for Mylan.
John D. Sheehan: The EBITDA for Agila in relation to the $2 billion of EBITDA that Mylan has, the historical EBITDA of Agila is not that significant to be impacting the calculation.
John D. Sheehan: So I'll answer your question with respect to earnings growth by focusing you on EBITDA. We generated $1.892 billion of EBITDA in 2012, and our guidance range for 2013 is $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion. So there is definitely growth. And I really want to point out that, that is after growing our R&D by $80 million to $100 million year-over-year. So we are both growing this business and investing in the future through the higher R&D. And we really tried to bring that out in our prepared remarks.
John D. Sheehan: Yes. So I -- with respect to 2013 revenue growth, they -- I think I indicated in my prepared remarks that the North American business would -- the North American Generics business would grow in 2013, excluding the impact of Escitalopram, which, as you certainly know, was a very large launch in 2012. And, yes, I can confirm that the Asia Pacific and European businesses are growing in 2013.
John D. Sheehan: And I guess just to answer your last question, David, with respect to the market comparables for other injectables acquisitions, I don't disagree about the 13x to 15x being the range -- a range of what those types of transactions have occurred at.
Rajiv Malik: And as for this issue [ph], I think, currently, approximately 2/3 of business is partnered business and 1/3 is on stand-alone business. But going further, the ratio goes the other way around, like it will be -- in the next couple of years, it will be 2/3 on Mylan's business and 1/3 around partner business.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. So as I said, that we have a pending -- and that's about 136 between Mylan and Agila. And if I just take Agila, 122, it's unencumbered. And that's for the next couple of years, if I just take '13 and '14 approvals and give you an idea about the ratio, about 30 ANDAs are unencumbered and about 19 are encumbered. So you take that ratio and you can use that ratio for the -- so out of 120, almost 75 ANDAs are unencumbered and about 45 ANDAs are encumbered.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. And just to add to that, a combined portfolio between Mylan and Agila will cover almost the 70% of a landscape, which is out there in the injectables space.
Rajiv Malik: We did what Mylan exactly does. We did our own work. We did spend a lot of time with the Biocon team to understand the science and understand the depth of the science we still have already covered. And we believe very confident that these products can be further pursued and brought to the market. And based on that confidence, I think we had gone -- we cannot comment on why Pfizer walked away, but we made this call based on what we found in our due diligence process.
Rajiv Malik: Let me go ahead with the overlap first. It's very insignificant. We did have some divestitures, but they're very insignificant.
Rajiv Malik: And regarding the facilities, I think that's been one of the key area where we have spent a lot of time -- that's captured in my script. And these are some of the brand-new assets. All of these sites have gone through FDA -- 7 sites, out of -- 8 sites have gone through FDA approval. There have been -- some of these have been inspected multiple times. Quality, as with their very strong inspection track record, was one of the key area which impressed us. And more than that, every other day, because of the multinational partners, they have been instructed by various partners across the year. So, in fact, if I have to pick up the 1 differentiating area, this is their manufacturing asset diversified base and very strong capabilities are in this space.
