Heather Bresch: Sure. So you know, Doug, I think we've been pretty transparent about having parameters in place, and we're certainly committed to those. But I will tell you that we are looking -- we're not going to limit ourselves in really looking at anything that is accretive and continues to strategically complement on the platform that we've got in place. So we believe there's a lot of interesting opportunities out there that now are continuing to present themselves. And as you know about this team, we certainly aren't standing still. And now, with Agila closed and integration well on track, we believe that we're well poised for a transaction.
Heather Bresch: As we've said, when you look at the assets that we currently have in our Specialty business, from EpiPen to Perforomist, us continuing to invest in the respiratory franchise, we believe that there's great opportunity to continue to leverage our infrastructure in that platform even to a greater extent and believe that, as we've said, really, the lines between generics and brands continue to come down. I think, when you look at even partnerships like we have in Japan with Pfizer, it's our ability to organically continue to produce these opportunities, partner in interesting ways, as well as look at bringing in other products that would enhance, like I said, the infrastructure we have. We believe this respiratory niche is a great niche and fits perfectly with our innovative capabilities as well as, like I said, our commercial infrastructure. So I think you should look for us to do across the entire spectrum of the industry and be looking at everything.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So Greg, I guess what I would say is we're not limiting ourselves, but what we've said is it's going to be accretive. So I think that pretty definitively lays out the spectrum of transaction that we could do. And as far as where we're domiciled, an inversion, synergy plays. Again, we've said our business model is not going after a transaction for a transaction's sake. So that is not going to be a primary driver. It could be an added-on benefit of a deal that's accretive and strategic to us, but it's not going to be the primary driver.
Heather Bresch: Well Ken, I guess what I would say is, as you'd noted, there is a lot happening in the industry today. And as I said earlier, we're not standing still. I think that this management team has been pretty active in the past. We continue to, as I said, be looking at everything. I think that our opportunity, our business model is to continue to build upon the great company that we've put in place today. And I think we continue to show our ability to perform while we're not only growing the opportunities we're having currently, but looking at acquisitions that make sense to just further our growth and accelerate our growth. So I would say, as I said earlier, we're not limiting ourselves to the transactions we're looking at, but they're going to be accretive, and we intend to continue to be a leader in this industry and continue to shape this industry.
Heather Bresch: So you got cut off, but we'll at least answer the Copaxone. We are targeting for the -- that patent -- the patent expiration date in May and have been working very closely with the FDA. They continue to prioritize market formation generic products, which obviously, Copaxone is a very large and important one. So look, we are optimistic and hopeful that the FDA is not going to let this important date go by. But again, it just all comes down to timing. We believe we -- that again, nothing kind of rests on our side of the fence, that we've completed everything we needed to complete for Copaxone approval.
Heather Bresch: Okay. Thanks, Ronny. So I'll start with EpiPen. Look, I think, if you remember, last year at this time, I was saying we were having the coldest winter in the history, at least for the recent history, I would say, only to be now topped by this winter, which is even colder and longer than last year. So I believe that we're going to see the natural return of EpiPen once the sun comes out for a bit more than 5 minutes. And so, look, I think that the runway for EpiPen is still significant. As I mentioned earlier, we're still only treating about 10% of at-risk patients. We continue to be very active in getting legislation passed that's certainly continuing to, we think, grow the market, grow the script trend that you're seeing. And we think 2014 is going to be a great year and, as I mentioned, believe it will be Mylan's first billion-dollar product this year. So I think every -- things couldn't be better on the front of EpiPen. And as far as our longer term, as I mentioned earlier, we'll be giving an update on our longer-term view of our -- all of our business and growth drivers this summer at Investor Day. And at that time, we'll be talking more about the life-cycle management of EpiPen. But again, we see this franchise and the brand equity of it to be very strong and significant.
Heather Bresch: Well, so let me start with, Jami, we're not breaking out and, as you know, we don't break out product-by-product or lines of sales. Agila is now totally integrated into our business, and we've said what's most important is not what they were doing on a standalone basis, but what we were going to be able to do with that platform as part of our overall platform. So our injectable business, as we've said, we see doubling this year, so it's a very important driver and will continue to be through 2018. And I think, as we've said, we're driving for -- and everything that we're doing and executing on is towards that $6 in 2018. And our ability -- really, a lot of things may have some timing implications quarter-to-quarter or so forth, but certainly, nothing at all has changed about our long-term picture and everything that we're doing to execute on delivering that $6. And as far as the confidence around -- the confidence around approvals, I would say our confidence comes into the fact that they will be giving approvals at some point. I mean, it can't -- the delays that we've seen, they're going through a massive transformation at OGD. We continue to stay very close to them on the overall transformation as well as day-to-day tactics around getting these products approved, especially, as I mentioned, market formation products. So look, I think that it's very high on FDA's radar screen. They want -- they know their mission is to get affordable medicine out there as timely as they can, so that's where my increased confidence comes from.
Heather Bresch: So as far as GDUFA goes, I mean, look, we knew -- and GDUFA overall contemplated, certainly, from a timeline perspective, that all this change wasn't going to go to happen overnight, that it was going to be over the course of these 3 to 5 years on all fronts. Not just so -- I keep reminding people there were 3 important pillars of GDUFA: access, safety and transparency. I think the safety aspect, as far as inspections and having the FDA be able to have the reach and scope to assure good manufacturing practices on facilities making products for the U.S., is extremely important. And, obviously, you've seen a lot of activity around that. I think the transparency in being able to then be able to show what companies are doing and what their scorecards are from a quality perspective continues to have focus. But I'd say this last one, access, which is making sure that we're getting products approved in a timely fashion, and as you know, those metrics -- we're supposed to see those approval times go down into the 10- to 12-month range over these years. So I think when you talk about complete response letters and, again, where they want to move towards, it's not going to happen overnight. And I think that, right now, is what you're seeing in this transition of going from how they used to approve ANDAs to how they want to approve ANDAs. And some of the pain we're feeling right now is working through that transition because of all of the ANDAs that were already on file at the FDA. So look, it's just -- it's a work in progress, something we're close to and, listen, something that is very much high at the highest levels of the FDA on their radar screen, that they need to make sure they're fulfilling all 3 pillars of GDUFA. So that's what I would say. And that's why I think, when you hear us talk about our guidance and the ranges we have out there, we've said that, look, if everything would come to fruition and break loose, from the '13 launches we didn't get to what we're expecting in '14, we could exceed our current -- the current expectations we have today. But we think we've taken a very measured approach to waiting on what we're seeing and feeling at the FDA at the moment.
Heather Bresch: Okay, Chris. So look, I guess what I would start with is what continues to change is the size of our balance sheet and the flexibility that we have. So again, I think, to just be very clear and transparent, we've said it needs to be accretive, and we're not going to limit ourselves. So I think that, as we continue to grow, that ability of what we can acquire continues to grow as well. And as far as the branded side of the business, again, I think we're not limiting ourselves to saying we're just looking at generic opportunities or brand opportunities. And I think that, when you look at the kind of complex, high barrier-to-market products on -- even on the Generics side that we're bringing to market, a Copaxone, a generic Advair, I think that there is -- they're not launched in the same way that a traditional generic product in the retail sector is launched. So as you think about the infrastructure needed to be successful with those types of product, that's where we say we continue to be able to leverage that Specialty franchise or infrastructure and think that, especially as we think about who we're calling on today, that we've got great opportunities to complement that as well and continue to build on the commercial side. I think, if you look at operational excellence we've achieved and continue to, as we've said, look at other things that would add continued dosage forms or therapeutic categories, that remains a priority. But with that being said, we're also looking at things that would expand our commercial excellence and the infrastructure and that sales and marketing on a global basis. So we're looking at anything that would be strategic and complement us and be accretive. And I would say, as I mentioned earlier, we see several interesting things out there that would accomplish this.
Heather Bresch: Yes. Well, Elliot, I guess, maybe the good or bad news is I've been here for more than those 20 years that, I guess, you're talking about on what kind of growth Mylan has achieved. But I think you -- and what we tried to convey at our Investor Day last year is our continued, balanced look at top and bottom line growth. I mean, we've said before it's striking that right balance. Certainly, what we've been able to show, up until this point, that we've been very much able to execute and to pull upon this global platform and the diversity of it to manage our business and deliver the EPS growth. I think that as, now, we continue to mature and our operational excellence is where it is, we continue to see that, as we add important things like our injectables platform and the kind of growth and the opportunities that, that's providing across our entire global business, that's what you see coming in here to 2014. So what I would say is we continue to focus on both top and bottom line knowing that what we've shown, and I think our track record speaks for itself, that our ability to manage this business and deliver on that bottom line is critically important. But obviously, we're showing our ability to perform while we continue to have opportunities kind of compound themselves. And so I think what you're seeing in 2014 to be the first of, of a series of growth, as we've shown in our projections, as I said earlier, everything we're doing, executing to that $6 in 2018, is going to be that continued balance of growing top and bottom line. And we just see a ton of opportunities. Like I said, if we -- if everything comes to fruition in 2014, it could even exceed our current -- these current expectations.
Heather Bresch: So look, Jason, as I said in my opening remarks, we're confident in these ranges, irrespective of any one approval coming or not coming in 2014. And that's what we've taken into consideration in the range that we've given. I think, as far as Copaxone goes, as I've said, it's not your typical generic launch, but we are -- we have invested, and we think that we certainly will be very successful with this launch, as we are -- have been with many of our other products, taking into consideration the way you need to launch and the players that are at the table. We don't talk about our assumptions about any one product, but I would, again, say I think our track record shows that we take a very responsible approach about how we weight these opportunities. And again, that's why we're confident in the ranges that we have out there for 2014. So I want to thank you and thank everybody for joining us today, and look forward to seeing you soon.
