John Snisarenko: Thank you, Jeff, and good evening, everyone. We are very excited about the progress we have made during the quarter. I am happy to report continued strong uptake of TYRVAYA nasal spray six months post launch. Our vision for TYRVAYA has always been to transform and improve the lives of the estimated 38 million people in the U.S. alone who experience dry eye. As Jeff highlighted previously, we are very pleased with the first quarter net product revenue of $2.7 million. Sales force have been meeting with and educating eye care professionals or ECPs, including both optometrists and ophthalmologists. In the first quarter of 2022, approximately 19,000 prescriptions have been filled and were written by over 4,500 unique ECPs. This reflects the enthusiasm for TYRVAYA from ECPs and patients alike. TYRVAYA’s market position continues to strengthen as it increasingly considered an exciting and effective new treatment for the signs and symptoms of dry eye disease. Additionally, our market access team has had continued success in securing coverage for TYRVAYA with top payer organizations. As mentioned during our last earnings call, effective February 19, 2022, TYRVAYA was placed on Express Scripts National Preferred basic and high performance formularies, which collectively make up around 26 million lives. Since then, we have successfully obtained coverage with additional payers. According to a third-party syndicated source, TYRVAYA now has commercial coverage for up to approximately 95 million lives, which represents 52% of all U.S. commercial lives. As we continue to gain commercial leverage, we expect an increase in the propensity of physicians to write prescriptions for TYRVAYA. We are pleased with the progress in commercial coverage of TYRVAYA since launch and anticipate receiving coverage determinations for all major commercial payers in the U.S. by mid-2022. In addition to commercial coverage, we expect Medicare coverage determinations in time for 2023. During the first quarter, we continued to offer patient support program known as Team TYRVAYA. By leveraging technology and experience, this program has helped patients get access to TYRVAYA with multiple benefits, including assistance in ensuring home delivery and support in the insurance process. For more information on Team TYRVAYA, please visit the website www.tyrvaya-pro.com. In addition, we continue to observe strong refill rates for TYRVAYA. Since launch, approximately 65% of prescriptions have been refilled within 60 days, which is an indicator of a positive response for patients and confidence from ECP. As expected, a few months post launch, there are ebbs and flows in the progression of new and total prescriptions written. Given TYRVAYA’s novel mechanism and route of action, many prescribers want to see the patients back four-week to eight-week after starting treatment to evaluate response to TYRVAYA. Despite strong progress in establishing commercial coverage and offering a best-in-class patient support program, we are consistently optimizing our approach to drive growth in prescriptions. For example, we are continually refining our sales rep direction and incentive comp to drive new prescribers and depth of prescriptions per prescriber. Additionally, we are continuing to explore ways to maximize fill rates across our distribution network. Also, to further promote TYRVAYA, we just launched peer-to-peer speaker programs in April. So with six months of launch learnings, we continue to fine-tune our tactics and optimize our approach to drive TRx and NRx. Our multifaceted marketing approach continues to be led by education and promotional efforts directed toward eye care professionals and patients. This is supported by direct-to-patient digital campaigns that emphasize TYRVAYA’s unique benefits, including the simpler nasal spray administration and unique mechanism of action. Direct marketing efforts have been bolstered by leveraging the latest technology, including virtual detailing, digital and social media activities and partnerships, as well as best-in-class analytics. Additionally, our use of digital pharmacy system has made the process of procuring TYRVAYA even simpler for patients. We intend to continue using the latest technologies and most effective strategies to drive adoption and market share of TYRVAYA. I remain very proud of our commercial team’s continued efforts and success during the quarter. I will now turn the call over to Dan Lochner, Oyster Point’s Chief Financial Officer to discuss our first quarter financial results.
John Snisarenko: Hi, Ken. Thanks for your question on retail rates. Yes. We are quite pleased with the initial refill rates. So we are seeing kind of aggregate around 65% refilled over 60 days. The interesting stuff is that we have seen actually patients that were put on TYRVAYA in the early parts of launch November, December that are still on drug, getting their six refills now in six months in. So in comparison in Xiidra and Restasis, I mean, we haven’t quite done the math to see what persistence will be. But with these retail rates, we do feel that we are really performing a little bit above expectations on TYRVAYA’s persistence rate. So we will get that number for you as the year progresses. But, overall, the indicators are quite positive on the acceptance of TYRVAYA by both patients, as well as our prescriber base.
John Snisarenko: Yes. In terms of unique writers, we mentioned for Q1, we were close to 4,500. If I am looking launch to-date, we are now at 5,500 and a good proportion of them do repeat and write, we are currently running around 75% of those. One thing we have fine-tuned in our launch is when we initially went out with time to breadth of prescriptions, we are now also doing a lot of follow-up calls to make sure that the prescription, the physicians that have already written a prescription actually continue to follow up with their patients and continue to write. So that’s been a bit of a fine-tuning in our approach and we are seeing kind of higher and higher repeat prescriptions based on that.
John Snisarenko: Yeah. Let me comment first on the -- our progress with commercial payer listing. So we do expect coverage determinations by midyear this year with the other two large PBMs that control the majority of commercial lives. So while we are awaiting that coverage, we do encourage our physicians to enroll the patients into our Team TYRVAYA program. If they are deemed insured, but not covered at automatically get enrolled into our Bridge program. And we have seen very, very good kind of fulfillment rates through our partner, 90% of those scripts that do get processed and get shipped to the patients, so very, very pleased with that partnership with our third-party hub provider. And as we do get additional commercial listings on board, we expect to start to convert these patients to revenue patients over time. And we will keep that Bridge program going while there’s still a need for the patients. So we want to make sure that if an appropriate patient deemed to be prescribed TYRVAYA and the physician feels that the patient is appropriate that we want to make sure that, that script gets to that patient.
Dr. Jeffrey Nau: Yeah. Thanks, Ken. I will jump in. As we progressed through Q1, we clearly have a little bit more clarity on various gross to net items related to folks on bridge or on commercial based product. So we are happy where we came in, in Q1. We would expect Q2 to be more or less around where Q1 is and then an improvement in the second half versus the first half. And then related to the revenue outlook for 2022, while we haven’t at this point provided that guidance, of course, we have seen continual growth in prescriptions and TRx, which John will get a little bit more into, we are comfortable with where our consensus is that.
Dr. Jeffrey Nau: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. Yeah. We did have some downstream plans from ESI that continue to be added to the original national formularies. I think there’s another big group, the UnitedHealth Group that was added during the period, Kaiser, Tricare and we are very pleased that we are now able to be providing covered drug to the VA as well. Those are kind of the top six plans and payers that make up the majority of those 95 million lives that we currently cover.
Dr. Jeffrey Nau: Yeah. So I will talk a little bit around the DTC efforts. Right out of the gate, we launched a lot of digital efforts targeting both the patients, as well as our physicians. So a lot of focus on social media, on search, on digital efforts and then very, very targeted. We don’t plan to really go broad on DTC until we get good coverage, not just commercially, but in 2023, we do want to -- we do expect to get Medicare coverage only then we will start to consider kind of a broader DTC effort. We feel that we -- more targeted digital efforts that we have started since launch have been working quite well for us.
Dr. Jeffrey Nau: Thank you, Operator. And thanks for all of you for joining the call today. In closing, we hope you have a clear picture of the strong trajectory of TYRVAYA, as a truly unique and innovative option for the treatment of dry eye disease. We are extremely excited about the potential for significant growth ahead for TYRVAYA, as well as our pipeline assets. We endeavor to continue to bring transformational ophthalmic therapies to patients, while delivering long-term value to shareholders. I want to thank everybody for joining the call today. Have a great evening.
