Scott Smith: Thank you very much, Glenn, for the question. Yes. I would say, I'm very happy with what I've seen. These are very well-performing businesses. There's been lots of demand, there's been lots of interest in these assets. We're very excited on where we are in the process. I would say that we're in discussions with multiple potential buyers on multiple assets and we're looking forward to giving people the details on the time and the place where we can. Just one other comment that I think is really important and it's important to remember that these divestitures represent a [cash flow] (ph) that will be coming to us to help us accelerate towards our desired leverage ratios. What they do is, they really set us up well going into 2024 and beyond. And the critical thing for the future is our ability to deliver on our capital allocation plans in 2024 and beyond, which include capital return to investors through divestitures and particularly share buybacks and also business development and M&A, licensing, and partnership. So, very happy with the process and very happy to be accelerating into 2024 and beyond.
Scott Smith: So, first of all, thank you, Jason, for the question. I can't comment on the deal structures or anything like that at this point in time. I would just be all speculation. I will turn it over though to -- for the Eye Care question, please.
Scott Smith: Yes. Thank you, David, for the question. I'll answer the first one, and then I'll kick it over to Rajeev. We're focused on looking for strategically significant transactions. Our initial focus on the three therapeutic areas that you called out: ophthalmology, GI, and dermatology. However, we are looking for other things, which may be adjacent to that, we are a little bit agnostic. What we're really looking for is assets that can use the leverage and the company that we have, the strength that we have as a base company, the strength in terms of commercialization, in terms of research and development, in terms of distribution, in terms of market access. That's the important thing is that we look at and are interested in assets for which we can use the strong company that we have to be able to maximally commercialize them going forward.
Scott Smith: So, thank you, Umer. Second question first. I think we expect to announce all three divestitures in 2023, and we expect to announce a significant one -- at least one in the third quarter, you know it's complex transactions, sometimes to make sure you're doing the right thing, getting the right partnerships and I don't think where delays on very, very happy with the progress that we're making on all these divestitures and very excited that we'll be getting these done and announced or at least announced in 2023. And again for me, the important thing here is, these divestitures represent an ability of cash bonus and the ability for us to be able to get to our desired leverage ratios and then move into Phase 2 of the strategy and beyond in 2024 look for execution of our capital allocation strategies. In terms of MF, I will say, yes, it is the -- a lot of commercial planning for ozanimod and I've been involved in the MS Market. In other ways before, and I will just say without getting into specific -- guiding to any specific number, I think this is a great asset, it's going to have the very significant potential, not only for its ability to reduce injections, but also because of the clinical data that's being generated here and maybe I'd ask Rajiv to dig in a little bit more on the launch.
Scott Smith: Thank you very much. Obviously, I'm very, very pleased with the second quarter. It's one of the strongest quarters that we've had to date at Viatris. I could not be more pleased with the overall execution of the company. But most importantly, I'm very much looking forward to the road ahead and moving into Phase 2 and beyond. I think we have tremendous opportunities as a company for over the next foreseeable years. Really, I'm very excited to be executing and with that forward-looking view. So, I'd just like to say also, thank you all very much for your attention this morning and for your questions. And I look forward to interacting as we go forward.
Rajiv Malik: Yeah. So, within our business, Ash, the OTC is performing exactly as we had anticipated and planned, especially this -- during this year of that sort of deal and transition and we are very happy in fact, how the overall business in Europe, because this is predominantly a European business, a 2% solid performance in Europe, overall and OTC playing its role. And OTC, just let me put it like that, OTC is not a very -- for us is a huge growth driver within the region. But yes, it's a pretty steady, steady business, and it's performing as we expected. To your point, question about complex injectables, every program and it's not that every product is going to come in 2027, in fact, we should be looking into launching these products. Later I -- if we are optimistic later this year or early next year. And then from there onwards, I think every year you're going to see two to three key products getting launched. However, that’s, I would say 2024, 2025, and 2026, leading to 2027 and 2028, a $1 billion franchise, we said. We have about eight first-to-file first-to-market opportunities, which we have already secured, we are about 37 products in this pipeline and we are adding more. And from the science point-of-view, we could not be more pleased. Yes. We -- there is always a little bit of -- with the FDA, changing in time, but we have taken that into consideration while modeling all this.
Rajiv Malik: So, regarding epinephrine, David. First of all, after maybe a few years, we have seen growth in this overall market, epinephrine market, there has been a healthy growth this year and we have also participated in the growth. And so, a market which is being well served today, we're not by -- just one player by two to three players and there is still there are -- there is a -- I would say, that the unmet need or there is a patients out there. So we welcome the more competition or a different dosage form from patient’s point-of-view. Having said that, we have followed epinephrine or this intranasal product very closely from science perspective and actually have some of the concerns from how -- it's execution, because there was a public hearing and we got to see the science from that point-of-view. And we have raised our voice to highlight those concerns to FDA. But having said that, we have always taken these products into the consideration while doing the modeling for the out years from 2024, and 2025. We knew there will be other dosage forms there, but there will be always a place for an emergency use products like EpiPen, which has been there in the market. So, yes. It's a market which is going to evolve, and we are watching it very carefully and closely.
Rajiv Malik: No, Scott. I would just say that we are very excited with this clarity about the PDUFA date and launch. And I will just reiterate that this product offers the safe effective treatment for RMS with a preference schedule and with fewer injection site reactions than other GA Depot or other GA products, and expected to improve the compliance and overall patient experience and patient satisfaction. So, we look forward to bringing this product to the market.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. First of all, really unfortunate event, nobody anticipated it, but having said, we have stayed very close to the market. We have stayed close to our customers. We have stayed close to FDA from the drug shortages point-of-view, we have some overlap products with Pfizer's portfolio coming out of the Rocky Mount facility. And look, if there is a need as we are seeing those customers we will step-up, we are working very closely with the supply chain to make sure that we are in a position to address the drug shortages as and when if they come through.
Rajiv Malik: So, Nate, let me take the first part and second I’ll have Sanjeev respond to that. The first, overall, from our -- just let me talk first globally. First, the base business. We have -- as I said in my prepared remarks, we have -- we see the momentum we have seen never before and our base business, whether it's in emerging markets or China or Europe or North America, yes, it's hitting on all cylinders. So, the stability and predictability of seeing we have never seen before. So, it's setting up the company exactly how we have planned it and how we've seen it, the execution is just bringing this to the whole another level now. So, having said that from the generics point-of-view, generics across, not only just US, see I'll come to the US specifically because I know your question was about the USA. But even in emerging markets in Europe, generics you had a very solid performance. In fact, 11% or 10% growth in emerging markets was largely also driven by the generic performance. In the US, we always knew that the pricing is a factor of -- two factors. It's one either, demand and supply, and the second is your portfolio mix. Now on portfolio mix, we have diligently worked, moved away from commodities, more diversified complex products, and that's given up that's part of the underlying stability of the mix in the USA. Demand and Supply, yes, the market is seeing some disruption, the market is seeing some hiccups and it may go a little bit further in that direction. We may see more supply disruptions before it comes better and because of the slight disruptions, because of the diversity we have seen price stabilization over the last several quarters in the North America, which we have not seen for a few years back. So, yes, we see the market conditions improving as well as -- [indiscernible] as well as generics are concerned.
