Robert Coury: Thank you, Kris. Welcome, everyone and thank you for taking the time to join us this afternoon. I would also like to welcome all of the Mylan employees on the call today, especially those from Bioniche Pharma, who are listening as the new members of the Mylan family. On behalf of the Board of Directors and our leadership team, I'd like to thank each and everyone of you for your continued hard work, dedication and outstanding performance. I am extremely pleased to report to you yet another strong quarter performance of exceptional earnings. As I mentioned on the last conference call, I did anticipate the third quarter to be better than the second quarter, and I am extremely pleased to report adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.43, a 16% increase from our second quarter results. With that said, I still expect at this time that the fourth quarter will come in slightly better than the third quarter. We maintain this position even with the most recent ruling related to our Paroxetine CR. While we are extremely disappointed with the lower court's ruling, we believe strongly that the lower court has erred in its decision not to grant us an injunction, and we have appealed that decision. It should also be noted that this is still just a ruling on an injunction. It is not a final decision resolving Mylan's rights on this matter. Regardless of the outcome of the appellant court decision on the injunction, we will continue our litigation to enforce our contractual rights and all of its negotiated provisions with GSK. With that said, and irrespective of this short-term distraction, the longer-term fundamentals of our business have not changed, which is why we remain committed to our stated targets of $2 of adjusted diluted earnings per share for calendar year 2011 and our longer-term growth targets of 15% top line and 20% bottom line CAGR by the end of 2013. We very much look forward to providing you a detailed breakdown of our 2011 guidance on our next conference call. Moving on to other activity in the quarter. You will recall that we issued $300 million in follow-on 10-year bonds to finance the acquisition of Bioniche Pharma. In addition, we are also able to use part of the strong operating cash flows that we continue to generate to prepay $300 million in term loan borrowings in the third quarter as well, further reducing our leverage and staying committed to our stated objective to achieve a 3:1 debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA leverage ratio. And finally, you may remember that on November 15 of this year, our mandatory convertible preferred stock will automatically convert to common stock. Given the recent growth and strength of our stock price performance, we anticipate issuing the lowest number of shares required under the terms of the preferred stock agreement, which is approximately 125 million shares. A further note, November 15 will also mark the final payment of the preferred stock dividend, thereby substantially enhancing our future free cash flows to the company by $139 million per year. I look forward to answering your questions, and I'd now like to turn the call over to Heather Bresch.
Robert Coury: Sure, Randall. First, again, there are many, many mitigating factors, and it's difficult, I understand from your perspective, not to be able to evaluate the number of moving variables. But let's start with EMEA. I said that this would be basically almost a two-bucket approach. I've been telling you all along that we continue to see what we've anticipated, what the governments are doing over there in terms of pricing and pushing prices down lower. But we've often said that we felt very comfortable with our position to be able to mitigate that by all the other initiatives that we have in place, including, I'll pull a knot, cost infrastructure that really doesn't fit with the new system, the new wave of direction where Europe is going. Our cost of goods, our repatriation, our bringing in a lot of the third parties back in-house, and of course, our increase in volumes. So that's kind of sort of -- and the races in Europe, Randall, the races, again, what I've always stated, the speed at which governments move and the speed at which we can, through a regulatory process, be able to yield all the benefits that we've been telling you all along. And in terms of the Paxil CR, we are in litigation. It's been a long-standing position of ours, and not to comment when we are on litigation. I tried to give you a signal, obviously, in our opening remarks about how I feel as a whole about that whole situation. We're extremely confident in our position. We think there's a lot more involved in terms of the dealings between GSK and Apotex, and it wasn't just a one-off type of situation. And that's what litigation is all about, and I'm very confident that we'll prevail once we have an opportunity to get inside. In terms of the $2, the last piece of your question, look, all these factors have -- there's nothing really new. There's just nothing new in terms of what we've thought about, what we've been trying to anticipate. And the best way I can explain to you on the $2 on why we're still confident is actually for two reasons. One, Randall, the fundamentals, the long-term fundamentals of the company have not changed at all, at all. Basically, what we're dealing with is the short-term issues that we have to just continue to manage or work our way through. And what I would bring to your attention is go back for the last 13 quarters where we have been trying the same exact question that we're faced with today about visibility in 2011 and beyond. When we were in 2007 roughly at $0.45 and an $0.80 in 2008 and $1.30 in 2009 and roughly a midpoint of $1.60 in 2010, nobody understood how we were going to get there. And what I can tell you, and what we have done already is this management team promised that it would manage. It would manage this new acquired platform for earnings growth. And I can tell you that when we were back at $0.45 and $0.80 and $1.30 and $1.60 in terms of our respective midpoints, when we started out that guidance and where we thought those earnings per share are going to come from and where they actually came from are not always exactly the same. That's just the nature of our business. So I can assure you that when we once again I think we have become at least somewhat predictable to all of you guys. If we tell you that our vision is in the balancing act, what we can see the number of variables versus what you may not be able to see, we are very comfortable that the $2 target in calendar year 2011 is achievable.
Robert Coury: Yes. I mean you have to look at the Paxil CR this way. Take a look at a vein in your body, forgive me. But blood flows through, right one side of the vein to the other. And every once in a while, a vein can blow up in the middle when you have an issue. And what you hope for and so as the vein blows up, the blood's still going to get through the other side. You have this bubble. And I can only tell you that unless we thought, Randall, that somehow Paxil CR was never going to achieve competition ever, ever, ever, then I can say that, that would be an effect on us. In a generic company, one can never project that a generic product forever will be in your product without competition. So obviously, it's a timing issue. And that's why the long-term fundamentals simply haven't changed.
Robert Coury: I think from my perspective I see two mitigating factors here. I'm very happy that they actually have maybe gone out to the private sector to -- let's just help them with the queue and develop the right queue for better efficiency in flow of what they need to do. But on the other hand, let's not forget that there are comments out there, "in the year" of what we've always seen coming and we would support. And that's a tightening of specs. So if you're going to be tightening specs on one hand, I think that further creates a little bit of a backlog only to be offset, I hope, by this outside resource that she's going to bring in from the private sector. So I'm not sure yet how the two are going to offset and whether or not we're going to get more efficiency or whether or not the tighter specs may cause a little bit more. I think it's yet to be seen, but we're very encouraged in terms of the FDA taking the initiative to improve the entire process.
Robert Coury: Let me just add something. First of all, you may not have caught it, but we did prepay $300 million. So we're actually at $1.7 billion now from the $3 billion or the $2 billion in which you've mentioned, Elliot. So you can see, and as a matter fact, when we first prepaid the $1 billion, I think we said at the time we felt fairly comfortable at that time that we would generate enough operating cash flow actually to retire the debt itself. So taking the need for this organization to have to tap the market was exactly what we intended not to put ourselves in. So I feel very comfortable that we will continue to generate very strong free cash flows with the continued commitment to delever, but I will say at the same time I'm saying that, I wouldn't hesitate in a second to further extend those maturities if the opportunity arises and interest rates continue to be as advantageous as they are and simply give ourselves even more flexibility than what we've already provided ourselves.
Heather Bresch: And just I guess to elaborate a little more on EMEA. I guess, just a couple of things. One, I'd remind you that Q3 has always been historically lower throughout Europe because of the summer and the holiday, the extended holiday season throughout Europe. So we do expect Q4 to see growth back from a revenue perspective. And as far as France and some of the trends, we absolutely what just came out for the 2011 time period we anticipated, and as you note, fairly modest. And to the extent that, like I said, we believe that was right in line with our thinking of where 2011 would be as well as some continuing to look at the whole value chain, not just the generic manufacturers. So as we've seen with other regulations and some of the pricing throughout Europe, Spain, Italy continuing to do the same, not looking at just the generic manufacturers, but kind of the entire supply chain. So that's why I stated the trends, and as I said, the tender markets whether it's Germany and some of the pricing pressure that you see that blimp that of course was attached to this quarter. And like I said, we see that revenue growth coming back in Q4.
Heather Bresch: I think obviously, Rich, that's why we say that this business will try to gauge its snapshot quarterly is not representative of the business as a whole. Rob's viewpoint, there's certainly, we've had timing issues of some of our launches. Certainly, we did get some more of those limited competition market. In Q3, again we'll have the benefit of the full value of those products within the next quarter. So really, nothing other than like I said, kind of normal variations like go back and forth through some of our products. And like I said, some of the timing of some of our regulatory launches, but nothing out of the ordinary and nothing that we don't see kind of again coming back in Q4.
Heather Bresch: Well, a couple of things. One, I guess just quickly on North America, and I guess just to point towards, again year-over-year 17% growth out of that business. So again sequentially, timing. I don't want to lose the fact that we've seen nice growth and healthy growth in that business year-over-year from Q3 '09 to Q3 this year. And as far as Minocycline, look, I think what we are trying and I'll let John elaborate, but what I'm trying to explain from a revenue recognition perspective, said it was not a blimp like a bolus of the 180 days, and so I think we wanted to go above and beyond and try to make sure people understood exactly how we were treating that product.
Heather Bresch: Well, I think one area that certainly we've been pretty vocal about is on the user fee front. And as you know, we have public comments out there and have been working closely with FDA and the industry to really set up a fair level playing field as far as foreign inspections and this truly global supply chain that the FDA has to be able to support a product that's being sold into the U.S. So she, obviously, in her remarks have been very, very supportive of leveling that playing field and making sure that FDA has the resources they need to do inspections every two years of anyone who's supplying products into the U.S. market. So I think that some of her comments certainly go to the fact that, that heightening attention, the heightening of resources and us being able to put something through that would allow the FDA to accomplish that would certainly benefit not only leveling that playing field, but back to Robert's point, it will also even go towards the backlog and where we see the applications, and I think, could see an improvement in those median times all being connected together, and that's the approach we certainly are taking of advocating and believe that FDA believes that, that would be beneficial on all fronts.
Heather Bresch: And as far as your integration point, obviously, we've seen that come down tremendously year-over-year as we've gotten further into this integration. So yes, we continue to see that trailing off.
Heather Bresch: Yes. Absolutely, we have said this is an extremely an important niche in the Specialty business, not only, obviously, how we marry up to that, but just I think in the United States overall, it's a very important niche area that we've seen a ton of growth as an industry. And I think we have a lot of opportunity. As Robert's talked about looking for complementary products to be able to put into the infrastructure that we already have and the doctors that we're already calling on as well as our own internal R&D pipeline on the COPD front with combo and of course our current performance. So that infrastructure, and I think that allergy marrying up again to EpiPen and what we've talked about being this underserved market is again that education around market expansion and how we continue to see an awareness, of building an awareness and that again continuing to expand that market for us both on the respiratory, from respiratory docs as well as the allergists.
Heather Bresch: Yes, I was just saying both, that one obviously Q3 has historically been lower. So last year, Q3 was [indiscernible] than Q4. This year, we're anticipating growth both over Q3 as well as over Q4 of '09.
Heather Bresch: A couple of things. We've got a lot of product launches this quarter as well as the benefit of a full quarter of some of the launches we've had throughout the year.
Heather Bresch: No, I've got a glimmer of hope that they are saying that the sustainability of utilization, that penetration is much more effective than a one-off price cut. I think we're starting to see that in Italy and Spain, as well as France. France, obviously, to me, is kind of the most mature in that Southern European region. And I see Italy and Spain kind of starting to follow a suit as far as some incentives and increasing. And we've seen an increase in penetration on both of those markets. And look, I can assure you, will not stop our efforts of being out there educating and showing the sustainability of generic penetration versus just, like I said, the price cuts. And I think the other point to note here is the responsibility that we have seen and demonstrate between looking at the entire supply chain and not just the generic manufacturer, whether it's from the pharmacy perspective, the brand arena. So it's balancing both of those fronts.
Heather Bresch: Okay, so I'll start backwards so I don't forget anything. Yes, we saw, we definitely saw growth in EpiPen, both in volume as well as we had pricing in the year, but we certainly have seen some market expansion seeing the -- we saw the peak start a little earlier and last a little bit longer in the seasonality of the product. So we continue, as I said, to see our efforts around awareness to continue to help in that expansion. As far as Europe's concerned, obviously, as we continue to say, France is certainly the driver for us across the European region. As I noted this quarter,our sales were up year-over-year for France as well as Italy and Spain, and we continue to see those being contributors as well in this growth for Q4 both year-over-year and sequentially. As far as APAC is concerned, Matrix, while we don't break out the individual divisions within a segment, we have continued and will continue to at least give what the leaders are and Matrix has led that with double-digit growth from the APAC region, but we did have contribution both from Australia as well as Japan year-over-year.
Heather Bresch: Yes. Look, I'd say certainly, as we forecasted and anticipated, synergy realization was going to be stronger in the second half of the year, but I wouldn't lose total sight on mix. We had important approvals of higher margin products as limited competition, like in clonidine, like in Minocycline and Tacrolimus so there is still -- you do have mix issues, which is why you have to look at the annual, the overall gross margin and the guidance, obviously, that we have out there.
Heather Bresch: All I can say is as we continue to stress the strength of our pipeline and launches not just third-party launches, but now our internal launches starting to roll in, that's really, like I said, the driver not only of just launches we're doing in Q4 but lunches we've now done throughout the year that we're getting, reaping the full benefit by the time it hits Q4. So it just continues to be the product launches and what we're able to do with those launches throughout all of the country. And again, Q4 being, if you go back the year before, Q4 has been a very robust year throughout Europe historically.
John Sheehan: Just two points, Rich. I guess number one, yes, I wouldn't be focused on changing our full year revenue guidance for North America if we were providing North American revenue guidance. And I think the way Heather, both Robert and Heather have described North America as a timing matter. It's exactly what that is. Number two, with respect to Minocycline, we launched Minocycline in the latter part of July, and we indicated in the second quarter earnings call that we would recognize that revenue on the deferred method and the pull-through method. And therefore, obviously it has an impact, but not nearly as large an impact as it would if we were recognizing it all in the current quarter. The other thing is that if the impact of Minocycline will increase as the amounts of our product there are being consumed by our customers' increases.
John Sheehan: On the first item, with respect to the taxes, remember that what we're doing with the tax reconciliation is not just in the tax adjustment, it's not just simply the tax affect of the reconciling items, but it is also to adjust the tax rate to the 28% full year effective rate, so to the extent that there are, let me say, one-time or unusual items within taxes, the tax expense or tax benefit, we also have to adjust those out.
John Sheehan: I would say this. If you go back eight months ago, seven months ago, we had over $3 billion of maturity in 2014. And over the course of this year, we've reduced that by $1.3 billion. So we have flattened out the 2014 maturity significantly. We will continue to look to extend the maturity profile at appropriate points in time. We'll use our strong positive cash flow to continue to reduce the amount of the 2014 as we did here in the third quarter by repaying $300 million. So I actually feel really good about where we stand in the capital structure. Our free cash flow is over $500 million a year with the final preferred dividend that we're making here in the fourth quarter. That will increase our free cash flow by $139 million a year. So I see us with a lot of cash. Robert has talked about the fact that we're not looking to make another strategic acquisition. We're fully committed to reducing our leverage to 3:1 or lower.
