Heather M. Bresch: So maybe I'll start, Jami. And then I'll let Rajiv and others chime in. And as far as Morgantown remediation, I think as Rajiv said, we are continuing to totally up that facility and doing it as quickly as we possibly can. So certainly we are hopeful. I think, as Rajiv said this, through 2018 that we will be seeing that continue to turn around. And that's continuing to be able to rebring volume back up to where we said we were bringing it back up to, which is obviously streamlined from where the facility has been historically. So kind of that rightsizing and remediation is all happening simultaneously.
Heather M. Bresch: And as far as guidance, I'll comment on that and then Ken can revenue. Look, Jami, our rebasing is just that, rebasing. And that low end of the guidance takes into consideration worst case scenario. So if we didn't receive Advair – obviously you can hear in our tone, we believe not only should we get it, but we should get it ahead of the goal date in mid-October. So not – we are confident, but certainly want to take the opportunity that that low end – that this range that we've given kind of accounts for that full spectrum of not only with the product launches in the U.S., but again as we talked about, the assumptions that we're putting in as far as utilization. And also taking into consideration the sizing of now these opportunities, which have changed here pretty dramatically in the last several months when you look at what the brand of Advair is today versus what it was.
Heather M. Bresch: And, Gregg, as far as the strategic committee, here's what I would say. And as I tried to convey in my opening remarks, I couldn't be more excited that the board has decided to take this next step to unlock value. I think you've heard me talk about for quite a while being frustrated with the disconnect around the fundamentals and the global profile of our business versus industry dynamics. And I think you called out correctly. We are absorbing industry dynamics in these macro situations and believe that Mylan's platform is in a better position to absorb those headwinds than anybody else. And as we look across the markets, when you see peers, whether here in the U.S. or across Europe or Asia, some of the multiples being applied to businesses that quite frankly we believe are very sub-par to Mylan's, is where that frustration grows. And I think you can even look today at where we've rebased, if you took the low end of our range and applied a 10 multiple, you're at $45. So I think therein lies the rub. And I think our board taking the next step to put this committee together to be evaluating all alternatives. And I would say, there's been -- this is the beginning of that process. There is no thing not on the table. I think that we'll be looking at everything. And certainly as appropriate we'll come back and report out on that. So that's really about all. There's really nothing more to say at the time about that committee, except I am excited about it. And I think it's the right next step.
Heather M. Bresch: Thank you. So we'll start with Copaxone. I think that what's interesting is, your question is, does lowering the price really impact the channel? And I think that that probably – your question in and of itself I think highlights the perverseness of the system we're operating in. And especially as we're seeing around complex products. I mean I think the fact that we lowered it by 60% and the channel is incentivized to continue to stick with higher priced options is in and of itself the problem. And I think if you look at the role that the generic industry has played, there has been this balance of innovation and access. And what we're seeing, and why I said they're troubling trends on the complex side, is we're seeing low single digit to 20% generic utilization. And that's what we believe is not sustainable. So as I said we started traditionally with our launch. We moved to unconventional. And I can tell you we're not going to stop. I think that there are limited tools, but there's other tools out there that we can do to continue to highlight the savings that payers, especially employers, should be reaping from the access now to a generic alternative. And I think that as we continue to publicize that drop in price, I think that it is causing – we definitely are starting to see a lot more conversation and questions being asked about why they would be paying so much more for the brand when the generic is available and seeing what our WACC price is. So I think that we're continuing those discussions. And like I said, we won't waste a lot of time to continue to do what we need to do to not only improve access, but quite honestly, for us it's about totally removing what we believe is unsustainable for these complex products. You look at the top 20 most expensive drugs in the country right now, only a couple have generic equivalents. There's a lot more coming. And we believe it's absolutely necessary for this country to adopt higher generic utilization rates and allow that access to flow when there's a biosimilar or a generic equivalent available on EpiPen. Yeah.
Heather M. Bresch: Yeah, Chris. Thank you. As far as the strategic review, I would say it's too premature to talk about what's the art of the possible. What I can tell you is as it states, that it's looking at all alternatives to unlock that value. And I think that will continue to be an ongoing review about what would unlock value for shareholders. And I think that like we said, taking that next step is important. And we'll report back when and if appropriate. And as far as guidance, I think that as I stated just a few minutes ago, that we absolutely have tried to, to the best of our ability, with the – with – given where visibility is around complex products and what – are continuing to push and be able to take – use our platform to hopefully unlock some of these issues and the blockage that we're seeing in generics, like I said around biosimilars and complex products. We tried to take this guidance and make sure to incorporate all of that. Worst case scenario. So that we appreciate that. And I appreciate you stating that over the last couple years, there could have been things out of our control that caused that rebase. We do believe that for Mylan, this does incorporate that rebase and taking the worst case scenario at that, at our lower end. I think for the U.S. as a whole though, that this continuing rebasing is going to happen for a couple of years. But I think given where we are with our products and the launches that we anticipate, this range should take all of that into account. And we look forward to continuing to definitely grow from this point forward.
Heather M. Bresch: Yeah. No. Thank you. Let me start with our global business. We've talked about the opportunities in the pipeline that we've been investing in over almost the last decade as global opportunities, whether it's biosimilars, insulins, Copaxone. These are all things that are feeding our global commercial platform. Obviously, the U.S. as being a very meaningful marketplace, when we see that stalling of generic uptake, it's, as I said, concerning. And I meant every word I said in my opening commentary that they're troubling trends. I believe that they're not sustainable. You cannot be facing the healthcare expenditure that we're looking at as a country and not expect generics to play the role they have historically, which is saving. It's the only part of the industry that I think has worked like a market. I don't believe this is about competition quite honestly in this marketplace. I believe that we've got significant challenges to the way formularies are tiered. And I think that, I would like to call to action, that the C-suite in corporations around the United States be looking at those formulary tiers. The fact that generics – that access should flow historically. There have been brand, non-preferred brand, and generic. And once there was a substitutable or an interchangeable product, that access slowed. And that's what kept prices down for our – the payers and the system from government to employee. When you start blocking that access and putting them on different tiers you see what's happening in consequence to that. You're down in the high-teens as far as utilization, versus 90% in our typical oral solids or small molecule. I think the other issue is the specialty tier in formularies. That specialty tier isn't tiered against brands and then substitutable products or biosimilars. And I think we're really going to have to revisit how that works, to allow – to ensure that that access flows. And quite honestly, that's been the feedback we've been giving to the President's blueprint. That there has to be that access, or it really ruins the model on every other aspect as far as how the industry has worked and is going to have to work as far as sustainability. So I'm very hopeful that we will be able to – these changes will be able to continue to be adapted. And there's going to be access forced for these generic alternatives, which quite honestly has been the backbone of the pharmaceutical system here in the United States. And I think we can all agree that as we look at these expenses, the top 20 products, I think more than half of them are biologics. So it's going to be absolutely necessary that we fix the formulary issue.
Heather M. Bresch: Sure, David, and thank you for your question. I guess I'm a bit perplexed about maybe what peers we're talking about. I know a lot of our peers have significantly rebased their business over the – some point in time over the last 12 months. So again, I think that was the point we were making about the guidance that we've put out today is that we believe that it incorporates the worst case scenario at the bottom end. And we should be able to grow from here. So I can assure you our intent is to be giving you guidance that we certainly believe that we're going to meet. And so we've taken all that into consideration. And I just believe – that's why I made the point earlier – that this has been our inflection point with the industry and the turmoil that the U.S. is in. And I think that as a complex product, as we continue to hopefully see that steady growth from a utilization perspective will really be what allows Mylan to continue that growth from here. But we believe we've incorporated where that stands today in taking, like I said, the worst case scenario into consideration.
Heather M. Bresch: Okay, sure. I'll start with the multi-source question. Here's the irony again of I think where we find ourselves at this moment. The commodity type products, our core business as we said is meeting our expectations. Because of the broad portfolio that we have and those levers that we have to pull with all the different dosage forms and the channels that we operate in the U.S. system. When you look at the complex products, the reason we've invested and have continued to bring not only our science, now having a proven track record, but our ability to launch and to supply these products, is because there is a high barrier to entry. And there's not going to be five plus players, at least not in the near term. And you would think that a company would get rewarded for that investment and bringing those alternatives to the marketplace. And instead, what we're seeing right now is just blocking and using that generic as a stalking horse to play the tactics that are blocking it. So what I can tell you is that I don't think this is about getting four or five competitors. I don't even think that's reality. I think what we need to focus on is requiring formulary access to generic alternatives. And that's what we're pushing for. And that's going to make the market work effectively and efficiently as it has been meant to do. And I think that's what we'll continue to fight for. And that's where you'll see the difference in a meaningful way about utilization uptake.
Heather M. Bresch: Okay. No, here's where I think the disconnect is. We have U.S. centric shareholders that live and breathe the United States and are living the turmoil that we're seeing every day from Presidential tweets to the turmoil and the turbulence that we're facing. So if you – with that mindset, you can understand that you can obviously become very absorbed with what's happening here in the U.S. I think where we believe that that disconnect is, is really measuring our global profile. And the fact that more than 60% of our business is outside the United States, we're going to continue to diversify, both portfolio and from a geographic reach. And I think that's what's allowed us to absorb the volatility. I mean if you look at our business 2017 to 2018 basically with where we've just rebased, we're flat. And I think in the environment, especially here in the U.S., that that's pretty heroic. So I think that what – where we fundamentally see that is not getting credit for the global profile that we have created. And that's what we're going to continue to go figure out how to unlock that value. As far as Europe I would not say weakness, but...
Heather M. Bresch: So look, I think we give – we have given historically down to the day that we think something is going to get approved. And I think all that you heard us reiterate is that kind of predictability and certainly just doesn't exist in the system right now. So it's not – we can't give a date and then get punished for missing that date, when that date has uncertainty to it. And so all we're trying to warn is that our guidance is taking that in. And I think as Ken just reiterated, which is why we're continuing to search for metrics that will allow us to guide on how our performance is. Obviously, new product and new product launches is what our business is all about. So those are extremely important. And as approvals come to the market, obviously the market is very aware of those products being in the marketplace. I think we're just trying to sensitize that there's a cautious balance between trying to be predictive in a non-predictive environment when it comes down to the minute of the day. And I think whether something is off a day or a week or a month, certainly it's our responsibility to guide those large drivers. And we will continue to do that.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Yes. And just going back to the Morgantown, it was not triggered just by this FDA inspection. It was a part of our – this year's plan actually to right size it. Because we have observed that it will be very difficult for us to manage this sort of complexity, which Morgantown is, which is 20 billion doses with the evolving FDA expectation. Having said that, while rationalizing, Jami, we have kept three things in mind. We have stayed close to the customers. And we have packed up the products where there are more than six, seven, eight, 10 competitors. So they're not very – like from the drug shortage point of view, from the patient point of view, we have taken that into consideration. We have kept – we have made sure that products, if we are the one of the two or one of the three suppliers, we continue to supply, so that there's never a drug shortage or that sort of problem. We have stayed close to FDA. Now yes, this is a very evolving and dynamic business as you know. And there are always opportunities where you will get opportunity to get back to the products. And in products which are even 10-, 20-year old. And we – once we come back and we are up and running in the full steam, definitely we will go after the opportunities to get back that volume.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Okay. Let me start with the generic Advair. As I mentioned, there were no clinical, biocleanse (28:47), and facilities related questions. The questions were around labeling and CMC. And you're right, labeling was straightforward and so was CMC. Just given the complexity of this whole product and the submission, the major response which we acquired, a lot of this was around the clarifications around the data, which was already submitted. We had a follow on call with the FDA before we submitted that response, just to align that this time we direct them where the data is. There was no additional scientific data generation required. That's why we could turn it around. So we are very optimistic and confident that I think this is the last turn. And we have given them what they were perhaps they could not able to – they were able to get it from the responses which were already filed.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Yeah. Ronny, before Ken answers, I just want to put in perspective. Morgantown is a very meaningful facility for us. But then, if you take our North American business, let's not forget a very important contribution from the class thermal (33:04), from the semi solids, the ointments, the injectable business, the Xulane, also the patches like that. So there are – and also in the Morgantown when you pick up, there are some products which make money. There are some products which don't make money. And while we are rationalizing, we are taking all this into consideration to protect as much as we can in a very responsible way and can get back to that as soon as possible. Now I'm handing over to Ken.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: It's hard to – it's been very challenging because our EpiPen supply interruption. While we have been able to anticipate along with the Pfizer team, working with them and working with the FDA, and made several improvements to improve the supply chain, a lot of it also too from Pfizer point of view is dependent upon the incoming – the component and the quality of the component. And we have good months of supply from Pfizer. And then suddenly we get very erratic and which is really 30%, 40% off than what we are expecting, just because of the quality issues, which can come up. So first of all, we are staying very close, as to Pfizer is the right company to answer. We are working very closely with Pfizer on this to do everything possible. And because we understand the importance from the patient perspective. And we'll do everything in our capacity to work with them and work with the FDA to improve this situation as far as possible.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: And regarding your question on biosimilars, I would say, while modeling the biosimilars, we have taken into consideration the current launches around the world. And we have modeled a ramp, a slow ramp as compared to the oral solid generation and all that. So you can see a slow ramp and longer NUD (52:09), and that's what we are modeled. We have three launches planned in the second half of the year. The one is a Neulasta for U.S.A. The second is the Semglee, the biosimilar to the insulin in Europe. And the third is towards -- in the last quarter we have Hulio, which is the biosimilar to the Humira in Europe. And we don't see any supply constraints for any of these things. Yes, supplies do get ramp up as we have modeled them according to our launch models.
Rajiv Malik - Mylan NV: Morgantown is not a reason for anything to do with Europe. Morgantown is predominantly – when I say predominantly, 95% plus is U.S. centric supply side. So that is not a reason for any weakness in Europe too. The question – and your third question was on drug device, the new guidance which is on the drug device. And let me just confirm the CMC questions included some questions on the drug device. But they were about the clarification on the data, which we have already submitted, and some additional scientific justification on some of that. So the new guidance has not played into a new question from here.
Kenneth Scott Parks: And, Jami, I think it's important – I know you called out and Heather spoke to the guidance range on the EPS side. As we move through the year, we obviously narrow the topline guidance range. So I think it's probably important not just to look at the low point, but where the midpoint has moved. And when you look at that, I think your question runs to the drop in the EPS guidance versus the move in the topline revenues. What I'll reiterate is the change in the revenues go exactly to what Heather outlined in her commentary. And in fact, the way that she outlined them I think you can kind of size them appropriately based upon the order of complex products, resizing of the opportunities, as well as the Morgantown remediation and restructuring plan. I'd also point out that the heavier drop on the bottom line is because there are costs going through the system as we remediate the plant in Morgantown and restructure that plant. So that would be the reason for a slightly larger drop on the EPS side versus the movement in the revenue range.
Kenneth Scott Parks: And he answered it well. So I don't have a lot to add to it, other than the fact that also one of Jami's earlier questions was the temporary impact versus the longer impact of that. And as Rajiv and Heather said, we believe that the – effectively the part of our business that we want to bring back we're comfortable that that remediation and restructuring is going to be completely effective for Morgantown. And therefore, our profitable business will come back into the portfolio. And we've made some choices around certain products as we simplify and make the Morgantown facility less complex. So overall, this impact is temporary and we believe that our profitability levels are sustainable.
Kenneth Scott Parks: So on new product revenues, Liav, we did quantify that for you last quarter. This quarter, it's about $200 million of new product revenues flowing through. And I would say about half of it is in the U.S.
Kenneth Scott Parks: Let me add a comment here, because we've had several questions on guidance, whether it be breaking out biosimilars or how do we set guidance. I don't want to let the opportunity pass to reiterate the commentary that Heather said in our opening comments. That as we look at this business, we continue to look at the performance metrics that we think are best to measure this business. So as we move forward, we're going to be looking at things beyond EPS, as to the factors that we'll be talking both internally and externally about how do we guide this business. And we spent a lot of time talking about EPS ranges this morning. But those are relatively short term metrics. And I think I just want to make sure that we all understand as we talk about not just this quarter and this year but going forward, that we will be looking at other metrics to guide this business.
