Heather Bresch: Okay, sure. Okay, so starting in Europe. So Marc, I would say we're just seeing more of what we reported last quarter, which is volume more than offsetting price and, especially in our largest market like France, that really driving that growth. Italy, certainly second, as far as growth rate. And we see kind of -- as we've said, all of our major markets, we've seen this generic utilization continuing to increase. As you know, there's still a good bit of runway room there. I mean even when you look at the entire market of France, it's still in the mid-20s as far as generic penetration. So we feel that there it -- it's -- like we said, continue to be a growth driver this year. We continue to see some stability. And I can assure you, as I think we maintained over the last couple of years, as Europe was facing its challenges, but we were making sure that we did balance profitability and making sure that we wanted to continue to grow our business in a sustainable way. And I think that our numbers show that, not only did we do that, but we've certainly been able to also hang on to our share and stay the market leader in France. As far as EpiPen goes, I'm very encouraged by the last couple of weeks. I mean, I -- we couldn't have had 2 more diverse bookends as far as the comparator, as far as year-over-year goes. So last year, as I mentioned, the warmest on record. This year, one of the coldest and extended. So we absolutely see a direct correlation between temperature and snowfall, specifically in the central and northeast regions, with EpiPen sales. I mean, we went back and looked down to zip code as far as temperatures and weather and that impact and trends over the last couple of years. And that's why I was confident to say that we believe almost all of that 4% was entirely due to the weather. And over the last couple of weeks, the spring has finally arrived. As I said, we see now an average of 8% growth year-over-year, and that's still to a pretty significant growth last year. I mean, we're still dealing with weeks where we were having unprecedented market growth last year. So coming off of -- to grow over still a very high base, I find very encouraging. And like I said, we do see a lot of seasonality for sure, that's why third quarter will continue to be our strongest quarter yet due to that seasonality. But what we have seen with the education and awareness and growing that around this at-risk population, that we do see, for instance, these hot -- these trends growing outside of just that typical Q3 growth. So overall, I, like I said, continue to see EpiPen being very strong, accelerated growth and very encouraged by the most recent script trends, and we expect that to continue as we certainly now enter what, for us, will be our push on direct-to-consumer advertising and all of our other initiatives.
Heather Bresch: Yes. So look -- yes, and I think I'd start with the fact that -- as I've often said, I think it's very difficult, as large and diverse as many of the companies have become, to try to use one brush to paint all. I think when we look at the brand business, that's very dependent on individual portfolios and product mix, as I think that, that is very much at play here for our industry. We joked when people kept asking last year about the patent cliff. And I said, "You know, I think it's relative." We don't see a cliff. We see continued opportunity on numerous product fronts and still numerous therapeutic and different dosage forms, just like our recent announcements of adding to our injectables business. So from my perspective, we see the generic industry alive and well. We still see a lot of runway room here the United States. I think we'd still continue to see somewhat of a stability in the pricing environment. There's still a good bit of market interruption, especially in the institutional space. But we're seeing that across the board that we've been able to very opportunistic about. So I would say that we've got a very strong outlook. We've got over 180 ANDAs on file with the FDA. We have over 35 first-to-files. So the business is very strong, very healthy. We see growth. And as far as the percentages, remember that we -- I just talked about Europe being the growth driver for us, Asia Pacific. So as you mentioned, the 3% is our total global Generics segment. So that -- and we obviously feel confident about hitting the 3%.
Heather Bresch: Yes. I mean, it's -- right now, it's right in line with our expectations. As I mentioned, we're launching Tacrolimus and expect that to be an exclusive launch. All of the new packaging is rolling out. So I mean, the partnership has gone extremely well. And like I said, it's continuing right now to be right in line with our expectations. And we think that, certainly over the longer term, that's just going to continue to build and build as we're able to build that portfolio and the brand. Okay, thank you.
Heather Bresch: There -- I don't have much more to add on the pricing environment, except that it's the generic industry. It's going to continue to have different products affected at different times. But overall, we're still seeing a fairly stable pricing environment from an erosion perspective and, certainly, continue to see our volumes growing. And like I said, we're still on track to launch 500 products globally and still a significant amount in the United States. So from a product -- the breadth of our product and the pricing environment, we continue -- that's why, I wanted to stress that we see a lot of strong momentum for us in that business. As far as the -- our customers go, obviously, as I've said before, I think the consolidation with our customers is actually advantageous, because as they become larger and larger, their needs and their -- the need for them to have reliable suppliers that can provide the capacity they need is, I think, where only a very few can. So I think Mylan is in a great position, as not only we have significant capacity today, but as we've said, we're doubling the size of Mylan over the next few years. And that ability to be able to meet the global demand that many of our customers are facing now, we think we're positioned great to take advantage of that opportunity.
Heather Bresch: Okay. So I'll start with the coupon. It is a 0 co-pay coupon. And as I mentioned, it's really been encouraging multiple scripts. As you know, it's important that people have EpiPens readily available and accessible wherever they need them. So it's been -- we're very happy with the coupon. And in fact, we've seen higher pens-per-scripts count as we continue to see people not only asking, as you know, the guidelines. The guidelines that are out there around anaphylaxis say that you should always be carrying 2 with you. So that has helped drive that scripts -- pens per script. But we've also seen some good positive results from our coupon, which we just launched over the last couple of weeks. As far as Auvi-Q, as I mentioned, they're currently trending under our expectations. So I'm very proud about not only the brand equity or our -- we believed that EpiPen, not only had a very strong brand, but that tried-and-true product sense that we believe EpiPen brings to the market, we continue to see that holding ground. And like I said, I continue to now be encouraged by the last couple of weeks that are showing just year-over-year growth in the overall epinephrine market, and us able to capture more than half of that. So feel very good about the EpiPen franchise and believe that we absolutely will deliver on the 30% growth for the Specialty segment. And as far as pricing goes, look, I think we'll continue -- we continue to have opportunities around prices, as other brands do, and we'll continue to make decisions based on that opportunity going forward. But I'd, by no means, say that there's no room for price anymore in EpiPen.
Heather Bresch: Okay. So as far as the injectables space, look, I mean, obviously, with our announcement of planned acquisition of Agila, we believe that this sector is ripe for a consolidation. I think that between the market shortages and the significant problems that many manufacturers are having, continue to make it very ripe for consolidation. So I believe that, that's a great sector of the market, a high gross margin. I think that's going to continue even as other players come in. But -- so totally agree with the consolidation point. As far as our M&A activity, I guess what we'll continue to underscore is that we continue to look at everything. And -- but we are committed to the parameters we laid out there last year, which is being an accretive transaction and remaining investment grade. So I would say there's a lot of different ways to get there and look at things. But just assure that we're -- still got a lot of activity under way.
Heather Bresch: Look, I think that, obviously, under PDUFA, it has a lot of requirements and parameters out there as far as the structure and their ability to not only add the personnel needed, but the inspection around the approval and Office of Generic Drugs. So look, we continue to work closely with FDA on all fronts to do whatever we can to help on that front, and to continue to make sure that the legislation is getting implemented as it was intended.
Heather Bresch: And as far as EpiPen goes, I mean, there's obviously numerous, different insurance programs around the country. So as what people are paying in co-pay varies. But I would say, on average, that the coupon, for us, it would not be affecting the price. And the coupon, for us, as we work with the insurance and those programs is really all more like a rebate. So like I said, again, it's just to help encourage people that do have co-pays, that they could be able fill 2 or 3 scripts at a time.
Heather Bresch: Okay, sure. So as far as the institutional market goes, I mean, look, I think that this is -- there were a lot of different dynamics at play here. Certainly, obviously, we've seen severe supplier issues. But I also think that we -- that, that space got to where they --- it was chasing the floor. So I think that there was very whacked-out prices, dirt cheap, literally cheaper than dirt for some of those older products. And the bar needs to go. It needed to go up from a quality perspective, and it needs to go up and get rebalanced from a pricing perspective. So I think that we have certainly seen that. And I'm not -- there's extremes on both ends. But I think, overall, the bar is going up. And so that stability and that tide will go with it. And so I see that staying, because I think people realized the detriment it did to this therapeutic category by having the dynamics in place that were. So hopefully, now, especially with the enhanced FDA actions around inspections and quality and GMP, that this will be something that will be the new standard going forward. As far as utilization, I absolutely think that, that will continue. I mean, what we've always said is, once a government realizes the economics and the year-over-year continuing of those economics with utilization versus a price cut, it's significant. And so what we see with utilization rates going up is behavior changes. You don't get consumer behavior changes with price cuts to the manufacturer. But -- so we -- I absolutely believe it's for years. Because it's not flipping a switch. It's not going to go from 24 to 44 overnight or wherever it may be able to go to. I think it's just going to be a steady rise, as we've been seeing in Japan, once the government focused and put targets out there, just that steady continued increasing, I think that's what we're going to -- should expect out of Europe.
Heather Bresch: And as far as Copaxone, all arguments are actually next week. And so, I won't try to forecast the timing of a ruling in that. As you well know, it could be 2 months, it could be 12 months. So -- but the oral arguments are next week.
Heather Bresch: Okay, yes. No, I absolutely do. And Randall, we've continued to make sure that, as far as everything from the rating and the substitutability that -- around, that I believe the bar is fairly high to get an AB-rated EpiPen due to the device needing to work the same and so forth. So not only do I continue to still believe the bar to be very high to even get generics approved, to be AB-rated. But if that were to happen, then yes, I'm absolutely very much confident in the assumptions I gave, that it would be a very unique and -- I tried to call out a couple of other compounds that have very slow conversion. We absolutely believe it would fall on that category.
Heather Bresch: Look, we don't comment on individual launches. But I -- we're -- it's a great product, and we're the only generic out there. So anyway, it's -- we believe it will be a nice product for us.
Heather Bresch: Okay. So as far as -- I believe it's very insignificant, the amount of patients out there that don't have coverage. But that being said, there's still a lot of opportunity for the at-risk population. We're only covering about 10%, 11% of that today. So I think any time that health care is extended or given more coverage, especially in an area where you still have such underutilization, there can always be incremental benefit. As far as the biosimilars, I mean, I think, obviously, when we came out with this year's guidance, we spoke very specifically about our R&D and did kind -- now with being at 6% to 7% of revenue, that we were now in a position to have significant dollars for our R&D platforms to fund things, specifically around our biologics programs, our respiratory programs, like generic Advair and such. So we believe obviously that, that's again a differentiator to be able to, not only be continuing to invest in core generic products, but now have the hundreds of millions needed to fund these very difficult and hard-to-manufacture and formulate products. Rajiv, anything you...
Heather Bresch: Yes. No. I mean, right, we're partnered on several of our products. But anyway, that's obviously all full loaded in our budget.
John D. Sheehan: I agree with that. I did. I'm just going to say don't have anything to add to that. That's absolutely correct so...
John D. Sheehan: Sure. So I'll -- this is -- I'll start, I guess, just a couple of points. First of all, with respect to the currency headwinds, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, principally relates to the Japanese yen and the Indian rupee. And in our first quarter press release, you can see in the materials and in the attachments the impact that currency had on each of the various regions, and that it's principally in Asia Pacific. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, the -- as a result of the currency headwinds, which we, at least at the moment, are forecasting to continue for those 2 currencies throughout 2013, that we would see ourselves, rather than being at the midpoint of the guidance range for revenue of $7 billion to $7.4 billion, to be on the lower end of that. So I think that implies a roughly $100 million worth of currency impact. And as I said, it relates principally to that region.
John D. Sheehan: So the $117 million of new product revenue that you referenced, David, that's in North America. And as you know, we don't break out individual product revenues. So that I can't provide a whole lot of color on that, other than I would say that there was -- that the $117 million was fully in line with our expectation. And number two, I don't think there were any unusual impacts on new product revenues, such as you were suggesting.
John D. Sheehan: Well, obviously, the decisions with respect to share repurchase programs are made actually at the board level and all. And so, we do maintain $2 billion of financial flexibility, as I indicated in my prepared remarks and all. And we're always -- we, as the management, and the Board of Directors are always evaluating shareholder value accretion transactions. And we think our stock has been a very good investment for us over the last couple of years. But I probably have to stop short of speculating as to whether we'll do another one or not.
John D. Sheehan: Well, I think that the weighted average diluted shares in Q1 is slightly below 400 million. That obviously reflects the fact that the share repurchase program only was effectuated towards the latter part of the quarter. So I do think that as we move into Q2, in particular, that you'll see the share count drop from that, which is in the first quarter. And just to be clear, the guidance that we provided -- we were clear on the fourth quarter earnings call and guidance that the share repurchase program of $500 million was included in the guidance and share count that we had provided to you.
