Heather Bresch: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on what could be Mylan's last earnings call. While we know all good things must come to an end, the team is ready to turn the page and is looking forward to Viatris becoming a reality and a global leader in the health care sector. I'm going to start today by giving a brief overview of our performance to date, COVID impact and updated guidance for the year. Rajiv and Tony will elaborate on the performance of our regions, key products as well as an integration planning update and Ken will review the detailed financial results for Q2 and the first half of the year. Lastly, Robert will provide perspective on the progress we continue to make towards becoming Viatris. Before we dive into results, I first would like to reiterate that Mylan remains committed to the health and safety of our employees, our patients and the global health care community at large. The COVID pandemic has forced all of us to acknowledge and grapple with difficult uncertainties and our heartfelt sympathy goes out to all of those who have been directly impacted. At the same time, I continue to be inspired by our employees around the world, especially our essential workers who have allowed us to continue to deliver important medicines during these unprecedented times. Thanks to their efforts, our plans remain operational, and our supply chain and customer service levels continue unabated. Additionally, we continue to leverage our resources and expertise in the fight against COVID-19 through potential prevention and treatment efforts. Now turning to our results. We believe our results from the first half of the year better represent the underlying performance of the business due to the fact that any COVID-19 related gains in Q1 were more than offset by the negative impact of the pandemic in Q2. During the first 6 months of the year, we delivered a solid performance that demonstrates the strong fundamentals of our business and our continued ability to actively and successfully manage through this time. The favorable results for the first 6 months are in line with our expectations. We achieved $5.35 billion of total revenues, up 3% year-over-year on a constant currency basis and adjusted EBITDA of $1.63 billion, up 5% year-over-year. While we experienced a decrease in adjusted SG&A in the first 6 months of the year, partly due to COVID, our proactive business transformation efforts targeted at aligning investments with top line returns, represent a more important example of our ability to focus on not only maintaining our margins for 2020, but also continuing to drive sustainable long-term benefits for the business. On a year-to-date basis, our adjusted free cash flow is up 17% over the same period in 2019, and we expect sequential growth in the second part of the year, which speaks to the durable cash flow portfolio of our business. Looking forward to the remainder of the year, we're tightening our full year guidance within the ranges of our original expectations for both adjusted EBITDA and total revenue. On adjusted EBITDA, we expect to be able to substantially maintain our original target for the full year, while tightening the range to between $3.3 billion and $3.7 billion. And on revenue, we're tightening our full year range to between $11.5 billion and $12 billion. Our outlook for the rest of the year includes some important data points. First, it's clear that overall COVID-19 recovery efforts are occurring slower-than-anticipated and may continue at least through the end of this year. As a result, we expect that our total revenues, which absorbed a 2% net decline in the first half of the year to have an overall similar negative impact of 2% in the second half of the year. And on EBITDA, while we are seeing savings in SG&A due to COVID, these are being partially offset by the previously announced delay in the implementation of the restructuring portion of our business transformation initiatives also due to COVID. With all of that said, it's important to note that we do not anticipate significant change to overall demand in our underlying base business. Before I turn the call over and on behalf of the management team, I would like to take a minute and thank Ken for his service and partnership over the years. We wish him all the best in his next venture. I look forward to partnering closely with Paul Campbell, our Controller and Chief Accounting Officer during this interim transition period. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Rajiv for further commentary.
Heather Bresch: Thanks, Chris. I would say 100%, both, I would say, all of the above, and especially as what we've been producing out of our own organic R&D, you can definitely expect more of that. But equally, because of what we created, business development and attracting partners around the globe, all of that will reside in the global healthcare gateway. I simply see the future of Viatris being represented on really 2 platforms. One, it will be the 2 60-plus year old companies coming together and really executing on what that base business is. And then off to the right, I see the global healthcare gateway, the real engine. We call it the house of discipline because that's where all capital investments will reside. And that's where you will see all excess cash flow and capital being placed to compete. Whether it's the organic R&D, whether it's business development, whether it's collaborations or joint ventures. All of it will be competing in the global healthcare gateway. I envision that TheStreet after envision future conference calls with the new management team, I expect to report on the base platform, and I don't really expect that to be very much. We will report the results because we have very experienced management team that will execute, deliver on the numbers, but I do expect a great majority of time being spent with Michael, Rajiv, especially on the global healthcare gateway for each new opportunity that we put inside there. And I really believe that's how you're going to be able to follow the Company on a going-forward basis.
Heather Bresch: Yes, thanks, Randall. I guess, first, I'd say that it needs to be sustainable and not political. I think that certainly we would participate in something that is over the longer-term and sustainable for the U.S. I think probably as you're aware, the Buy American Act actually passed in 1933. So there's been a long-standing act in place that over the years has applied to the pharmaceutical industry in such ways that truly have disincentivized manufacturing here in the United States. And I think there would need to be very significant structural changes into the market dynamics and pricing in the U.S. healthcare system to incentivize API and/or drug manufacturing in this country.
Heather Bresch: I think as you said. I said the partnership -- to your point, it is an important product and partnership, and we'll continue to do that, I think, for years to come. And I think Pfizer and us will both collectively bring our strength and expertise to the table around the product.
Heather Bresch: Yes. Thank you, and thank you, everyone, and I appreciate the comments. I think this wraps up my 60th quarterly conference call. So thank you, and thank you, Robert, for your mention on behalf of the Board and the team. It's been my pleasure. Thank you.
Robert Coury: But I'm going to only add that I really believe, Randall, because of what we created, I believe every single country is going to really focus inwardly on where they want their priorities. But as we stated in the past, there'll be no 1 country or no 1 company that can ever really manufacture and develop all that they need to serve 100% of their population. What I envision, Viatris being able to do is to serve as the -- really the next natural secondary source that all countries are going to need. I do see a potential upside opportunity just like we were approached on remdesivir, hydroxychloroquine or any other needs that I see arise in the world. And it's not just limited in the United States. I think, Rajiv, you can comment on about how the India government and other governments are approaching us. So I do think that having a global supply chain especially in the healthcare industry, especially in pharmaceuticals, just given the global supplies we need. It's not going to become unwounded, so to speak, there's going to be a big need for, I think, our global platform, and I do see some potential opportunity.
Robert Coury: Thank you, Umer. First on China, a 100% I'm going to put on the deal hasn't closed, 100%. But that doesn't mean, just because you haven't heard any talks doesn't mean that we're not at work. That I could tell you. And the reason why I'm so emphatic about the 100% because the last thing we need right now is for the China Upjohn -- Pfizer Upjohn operation to take its eye off the ball. Because remember, they needed to finish separating Upjohn from Pfizer. And that work is coming along very, very well. They're not actually quite complete. They're almost done. And then I think the other thing that we've been focusing on in China is really what is the new business model going forward. I think the base that we're going to be starting from in China is quite enviable. And quite frankly, let me be clear. I think that we're going to be able to compete. And I'm watching as well. I think it was a very observant comment that you have because I'm watching as well as some of the deals that are getting done with the Chinese nationalist. I think that the Viatris is not going to be considered as a traditional multinational. I think Viatris in China is being viewed as a Chinese nationals entrepreneur as well. So I do think we represent a hybrid. I think we bring the multinational mindset, but I think we bring the entrepreneurial very quick and nimble, boutique, Chinese entrepreneurial style. And I do think it's going to have its advantage. So I'm quite excited about the opportunity in China. And I'll be teaming up, as you know, with Michael doing actually a lot of the work in China and looking forward to reporting on more opportunities that we see as we go forward. In terms of Lyrica, I think another very insightful question. And the way you parsed it, I think, is fair. So I'm going to try to be fair in response by telling you that I do think that it's a complicated legal issue. I think it's a complicated breakdown of the construction claims around the patent. And then I think it's also complicated. When you look at the momentum about where Japan has in the MWLH and kind of sort of what they've been thinking about. So I'd rather not -- like any other legal case, not try to handicap it, but what I do think, to be fair to TheStreet, at least from my perspective, what I would say and what I would be strongly recommending management to do, I think it would be wholly irresponsible, in my opinion, and just my opinion, to include the Japan Lyrica numbers in what I would call the trough year in 2021. And I think if we are successful with the Japan Lyrica in Japan, which I'm hopeful and confident. Certainly, I think we've come a long way. We could have had an outright loss. No, we didn't get an outright win. I think that the courts split the decision. And I think it's only going to be a matter of time before we know. But the numbers that you should expect in 2021, what I think investors need to appreciate, unlike the United States, is we will not lose 100% of Lyrica in Japan. What will be included in the numbers is a certain percentage that we know we will hold on to just because of the way that marketplace works. So it's actually a fairly nice base. I wouldn't take all the numbers out. But what we would do, assuming even if we have generic Lyrica as a win, I believe the responsible thing to do would be to separate what is all included in our base and anything excess that we get from Generic Lyrica and Japan or that we get from Lyrica in Japan before it goes Generics. I would ask investors to more look at it almost like how they used to model the 180-day exclusivity here in the United States. It's going to be much more of a cash bonus but I don't think as a going concern, and that, that should be included in our base business and also as part of our base -- as we project pro forma on a going-forward basis. That's what you can expect. I hope that was helpful, Umer.
Robert Coury: Greg, as you know, that would be considered a launch at risk. It's always been our stated policy. Until we have all the data at the time, and we're ready to launch, that's when the Company will evaluate whether or not it will launch at risk. What I can point to, the Stopul hearing, I think, that is up in New Jersey, I believe, in the next week or so, I think, is going to be a pretty pivotal decision. I think if they uphold the Stopul and take the decision that was handed down in West Virginia. Look, I think the there -- I think it could be an opportunity and a pretty meaningful opportunity or there could be plenty of generic players out there. I think we should first focus on what happens in New Jersey. And I think that should probably give you the answer that you will be looking for.
Robert Coury: Thanks, David. Let me try to at least walk you through -- let me start with the trough, and then let me walk you through what I envision the cadence to be over the next 3 to 4 years, and what I expect post the fourth year, years 5, 6 and beyond. I think the numbers that we're going to give you are going to fully incorporate all the stand up costs. Therefore, we're going to take the numbers down low enough that will fully absorb all these costs that TSAs, MSAs and any other stand up cost that -- in order to start Viatris on the right foot. When you think about those TSAs and MSAs, you should also note that we have all the incentive in the world to get off of those TSAs and MSAs as we continue to build out our own infrastructure. That is what we're banking on as part of our upside as we see the cadence going forward. David, there's been a lot of questions. When we first announced the deal, people were concerned about whether or not this was a declining business. Today, we don't hear anybody discussing about this as a declining business. Everybody wants to talk about how are we going to return back to growth. No one's talking about it's a declining business because we quickly jumped in front as quickly as we could. We're not relying on 2020. We never did. Because we believe that 2021 is going to represent the best first starting point for Viatris as a brand-new company. We have all the opportunity in the world to reset these numbers, especially given our current market multiple to make sure that this new Viatris management team is set up for success quarter after quarter after quarter, not just to me but hopefully exceed. And so you should expect that that's the way we're thinking. And so to get the 2021's trough, we'll take a quick look at a couple of years out and ensure that the numbers we start with in 2021, taken all the headwinds that everybody has been discussing out of the baseline business. And even to Umer's question around Japan's Lyrica, you're going to see we're going to set that aside as well because anything that is not sustainable, that doesn't really have a strong tail to it, we don't believe belongs in the base business. Those are temporary and what we want to demonstrate is the durability and the sustainability of this new base platform when we pull this together. And in that base platform, I think it will be a pleasantful surprise. We don't see any 1 meaningful catalyst that will cause the type of volatility that I think that the Mylan investors have experienced, especially in North America. So we really have not just diversified, but derisked our entire business model by really taking out all that noise and really addressing all the headwinds that we can envision right upfront. The cadence over the first 3, 4 years, what I think you should expect is this is going to be an EBITDA, free cash flow and earnings growth story. You know, David, earnings growth can come in many ways. In the first 3 to 4 years, what we were trying to convey, and I think what management was conveying in its meet and greet with you and some of our shareholders was -- you should -- you can get earnings growth by adding to your top line or you can get earnings growth like we potentially see our ability to drive earnings growth, EBITDA growth, free cash flow growth by launching the pipeline that we already have. And most importantly, garnering the synergies over the first 3 to 4 years. When you look at what we have to work with, I think that the Viatris shareholders should expect an extraordinarily stable top line revenue business and the early years with growth in EBITDA, free cash flow and earnings. So you're going to see an earnings growth story right away, because the dividend or the synergies will allow us to do that. In the meantime, you're going to also want to pay attention to what we load up in the global healthcare gateway, and how we're using -- how we're placing our capital investments in years 1, 2, 3 and 4. And as the synergies roll off at the end of year 4, you're going to start to see where the top line growth that we're going to be able to maintain earnings growth and EBITDA growth, free cash flow growth by what we add to that top line. And that's as simple as I can lay it off for you, and that's exactly what management is signing up for. It's exactly the road map that we put in all of our presentations. And I do look forward for the new management team to really give you even more color once they have -- once you have a chance to close, they have a chance to get together and really dive deep into the new combined organization to deliver on exactly what I laid out for you, David.
Robert Coury: So let me take the first part of that, Ronnie, and thank you for the comments. I have enjoyed working with you as well. As we look at the first half of the second half, I think, just take, really, 2 things into account. We are typically seasonally weighted to the second half of the year. EpiPen is a larger quarter in the third quarter as well as many of our products in Europe, including Influvac, our bigger products in the third and then especially the fourth quarter. So you've got the typical seasonal step up to get to that growth from the 5.3% to the higher number that you calculate to get to the midpoint. But then I'll also point out one of the comments in my scripted comments, which is in the first half of the year, our new product launch revenues were about $163 million, and we're expecting another $425 million to $430 million of that. So that's also back-end weighted. Those are the largest variables in the move.
Robert Coury: So part of it is the continued expansion of those launches we did in the first half of the year, but we certainly have additional new launches in the second half of the year.
Robert Coury: And I appreciate your acknowledgment on some of the biosimilar share gains we've seen, and I tried to articulate, we view this not just as a U.S. business, but a long-term global franchise. And one we're seeing parts of success in many markets and each of those markets is unique and different. And one of the great things about our infrastructure, it allows you to compete both at a tender level, at a pharmacy level and at a physician level. And I think that your second question around Viatris and some of the infrastructure and additive natures of the businesses and the sales forces will have in the combined company, I do think it will help us. It will help us outside the U.S. in many markets, expand upon this very, very important opportunity we have in biosimilar.
Robert Coury: And I think the only thing I would add, Gary, is I mean, again, I think where we got off, I think, let's just say it's on the wrong foot. We have always planned, we've said this many, many times publicly. When we did our deal with Biocon and created something, I think, very, very special, in which we were way behind when we first started in 2009 but not only did we catch up, we went way ahead. What we've planned for always was for more of a global launch in our biologics because back then, we did not see the pathway to a U.S. biologics market. That happened rather quickly, and it happened over the last few years. One of the things that we had and why we're doing so well in other parts ex U.S. is because we've already had the proper infrastructure already in place, we were ready for those markets. To be very honest with you, I don't believe we had the right commercial infrastructure as well as I believe we could have had in the United States. I've seen that when a company like Coherus could come in, nobody knows the name Coherus, everybody knows the name of Amgen's sales reps. Coherus is Amgen's sales reps. So when you understand the market in the United States and understand the importance of that well-established relationship between those reps, the hospitals and the -- within that particular franchise in that food chain. I would say, absolutely, that was part because it's not just the cost, it is about some of those relationships. And that's an opportunity for us to improve going forward here in the United States. But I'm hoping now that when people look at our franchise, our global franchise, they'll start to appreciate how well we're doing ex U.S. as well.
Robert Coury: Let me just knock out the first one. We have not given the soft numbers that I think that ought to be the proper starting point to consider. And we have not talked about how much of the pipeline rolls in. I do believe that when we come together on the Investor Day, we fully intend on breaking down. And Rajiv, I know when we started in -- when we announced the transaction, we had approximately $3 billion to launch. That was July of 2019. We've already began to launch a large portion of that portfolio. We also are continuing to load up into our research and development. So we'll need to update those numbers and be more distinct when we get to you on Investor Day.
Rajiv Malik: There's no comparison with what we had between a Copaxone and Tecfidera. There was a lot of complexity and seasoned petitions, like there on drug [indiscernible] as well as Copaxone, Jason. This one is -- we had checked all the boxes, and there was the facility issue, which has been cleared, and now it's the administrative work, which FDA is going through. And we remain pretty confident that we'll be able to get it over the to line very soon.
Rajiv Malik: And Ronnie, regarding the biosimilars, in the first quarter, I will tell you that this year, our approximate revenues from the biosimilars will be close to $0.5 billion.
Rajiv Malik: So I would say, look, the 3 basic things you need for a friend, building a franchise, a portfolio which we have, a supply which we are -- continue to work on and we have and cost up goods. And then Tony talked about the commercial channels, whether it's the retail, hospital tenders, tenders or other avenues, which are available. Now Upjohn brings a lot of digital and other marketing assets which will further strengthen our skill sets on that. And more importantly, the medical skill sets, which we come along with that. And let's not -- we have tried to focus it always on the U.S., and I'm glad that we have started giving you a little bit of color about what we are doing in the other markets, for example, the Rest of the World markets or growth markets, which we'll call, we don't have much competition over there. And we have a lot of demand for these products, for example, Gilead, the market size in these markets is about $1 billion and so is Avastin. So this is how we -- for us, it's not a 1 product play, not a 1 market play. It's a portfolio play for across multiple markets, and we believe we are very well positioned to leverage this platform for years to come.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. Let me give you a little clarity over here, Kevin also. Warning letter is lifted. The Warning -- this bucket included some remediation costs, which was some commitments we still have for FDA to deliver. And then it has restructuring costs related to Morgantown, including some manufacturing variances and stuff. But as you said, we very recently, in the last call, we said we have passed everything related to restructuring because of the COVID. So that's why we are stating that cost for the time being over here. Now as we go into the Viatris, I'm pretty sure we have already stated that we will be moving to the GAAP cash flow and not adjusted cash flow. Tony, you can confirm that.
