Sanjeev Narula: Elliot, thank you for your question. So there are a couple of questions in that. So, let me take them one-by-one. So first of all very pleased with the cash flow generation in the business. Specifically talking about net working capital, there are two things going on. One is on the positive side, which is the initiative we’re taking as a company when you bring two companies together, managing our receivables, our payables and inventory. So that created an upside of roughly about $65 million in this quarter. And that going to continue to be – we’re going to build on that. So that’s clearly a positive. On the other side of the net working capital from operations we did little bit have a timing benefit. We were able to accelerate certain collections in Europe in this quarter, which actually helped us and will have an impact on the second quarter, but overall, we’re very pleased and I expect the net working capital improvement initiative to continue to help us for rest of the year. Coming to the kind of phasing as I mentioned about on the cash flow, second quarter, as I said will be significantly lower. Our net working capital requirement for second quarter will go up, Elliot, because couple of things going on, particularly about our debt pay – our interest in debt, it’s about $200 million we’ll be paying in second quarter, which is only paid in second and fourth quarter. So there is a quarter-to-quarter variation that is happening. But we are very pleased with that. With regard to your second question is about $350 million, as we have in our disclosures is combination of two items. One is the restructuring, which is related to the unabsorbed overhead of the 13 plants that we’ve gotten - announced, including Morgantown. Then the second part of that is about the severance that’s across the board based on the initiatives that we’ve taken on the synergy part. So that’s in line with our expectation. And there’s a comment that you made about $400 million that was on the one-time cost as part of the $1.5 billion. So all in line, what you see in this quarter is in line with $1.5 billion. And that is combination of two items, which is the severance costs and the restructuring costs, which is all part of $1.5 billion.
Sanjeev Narula: Yes, I actually Nathan both are in line, you’re referring to the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year that only had Lyrica identified that, and then now we are capturing both. So that both are tracking in line with what we had assumed in our guidance as Rajiv pointed out.
Sanjeev Narula: Yes, so David. So, as we talked about before, in terms of where we – when we gave the guidance that we know, we spent time looking at 2021, we brought both companies together. And brought that and gave you guidance with the transparency that you saw. We’re right now in the midst of working on our long-term strategic plan in terms of trying to understand all the levers of our growth in terms of organically where we could see that whether it’s branded, complex generic biosimilar, and then generics. All that is working in progress right now. We’ll come back later in the year to talk to you about where the opportunities are. But I feel very confident of what we see with the first quarter in terms of all the opportunities we have to drive organic growth, whether it’s in the branded side, whether it’s in the – whether it’s a generic side, whether it’s China in all the geography. So feel good about it, but more to come as we come back with that midterm guidance.
Sanjeev Narula: Right. Right. So, if you look at the Slide 14 that we had as part of our presentation. So that kind of breaks it out between FX and the operational growth, what’s going on? So, I think on both sides, you’re absolutely right. FX is a tailwind in China. Chinese RMB, which was in the RMB7 to $1 is roughly at $6.5 billion this time. So there is obviously a tailwind coming from the FX, but operationally as well. Greater China is done well. Part of it is driven by the fact last year, we were impacted by COVID big way in products like Viagra, we’re doing better this quarter. But again operationally, as Rajiv pointed on in this comment we’re doing well, so that’s the answer to China question. And then things will normalize as COVID impacts – COVID recovery happens in case of China.
Sanjeev Narula: Yes, sure. So obviously, we are monitoring and managing the onetime spent very closely in this quarter, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had $340 million. So at this point in time, where we are – I see we will be in line with our expectation of $1.5 billion, clearly the other thing important to note is, quarter-to-quarter, there’s going to be variability. As I said quarter two the onetime cost is going to be higher, because of a lot of the tax and legal settlements that are happening in quarter two, but overall for the full year, we expect that to be around $1.5 billion. Going forward, again, not giving the guidance and I think the simple way to think about this is by the end of third year, I expect the $1.5 billion to be down significantly to the level that legacy Mylan used to be, which was, I think, in 2017, 2018, used to be about $500 million. So, as you can see the trajectory is going to come down significantly next year. And obviously when we provide the 2022 guidance, we’ll let you know about the exact amount.
Michael Goettler: If I can just add one thing, Elliot, the $350 million is expense, not cash. So when we’re talking about the cash impact of the restructuring, that phases over time, the charge in the quarter of a – from an expense perspective is the $300 million number to you’re referring to.
Michael Goettler: Thank you, Nathan. I think I’m going to give both questions to Rajiv, and Rajiv I think Lyrica Japan specifically.
Michael Goettler: Okay. Greg, thanks for those questions. Let me start with the guidance question and the update for the second quarter. Look, I think it’s very clear that we are very, very pleased with our quarter one results. We come from a position of strength, there’s no other way to say it. I think the results show and really validate, as I said, multiple times the diversified and robust business model that we have, that can absorb individual headwinds in one part of the business but really jumping and seizing on opportunities, where and when we see them. And I think, you saw us do that in quarter one. You also see the strength of quarter one being in all four of our commercial segments and all three of our categories, whether it’s brand, generics or complex generics and biosimilars, and we’ve been, I think, very transparent, what part of that is due to timing, what part of that is due to X and what part of it is we underlying business performance, but it’s also just one quarter. So, what we’re saying is at this point, we’re reaffirming our guidance for the year. We’re very confident that, that applies to revenue EBITDA and cash flow. We’re confident that we’re delivering on our commitments. And as we would in regular course of business doing, we’ll look at it again after the second quarter and then update the guidance at that point. So that’s what that’s comment is. On the question you have on Organon. I think it’s very clear that, we’re very pleased with this because it’s a real positive for investors to have another company to add as a comparable to our newly created peer set. But we obviously focused on running Viatris, we’re 100% focus on that, and we’re excited about the differentiated platform that we have. And let me give you some of the differentiation. One, we have a truly global operating platform, one that has significant scale, significant commercial capabilities, expertise across science and manufacturing, legal IP. Very importantly, we’ve got a broad and diverse product portfolio that includes brands complex and biosimilars and generics. And that is less important is agnostic to any particular therapeutic area to any particular dosage form or any particular delivery mechanism. And that gives us robustness and opportunities going forward. And we’re very proud of the strong R&D that we have, they’re really positions us well to deliver a broad pipeline of complex and novel products, including the late-stage biosimilars, we saw some of the progress, we made in the pipe – on the pipeline, just this quarter. So that’s what I would comment there. We are focused on Viatris, and I think the robustness and diversity of the platform is unique that we have.
Michael Goettler: Okay, let’s start with the organic growth 2021 to 2022 release, Sanjeev you can provide some color on that. And then I’m not sure I caught the second question, but that may be Rajiv you can…
Michael Goettler: Thank you, Sanjeev. So unfortunately, we’re overtime. But let me just summarize. You’ve seen our first quarter results. They’re very strong. We’re very confident and proud of them. And they validate everything, the strengths of the diversified and robustness business model that we have. And that differentiates us as a company. You’ve seen us meeting our financial commitments, we will continue to do that, including declaring a dividends, paying down our debt and on track to deliver on our synergies. We are reaffirming our full year 2021 guidance. And as we said after the end of Q2, we’re going to look at that again and reassess whether we would update that guidance. We continue to remain confident that 2021 is our trough year. And we gave a definition of that, that definition is $6.2 billion and EBITDA as our floor going forward. And with that, I want to thank you for all the questions and look forward to continued discussion. Thank you.
Rajiv Malik: Umer, thank you. First of all, we are very pleased with our performance in China as you see retail continue to grow, go strength-to-strength. We also see the better than expected management of our hospital business. So there are two things interplaying into this. Now to your specific question, predominantly retail is cash paid, but there’s a little bit of, employer base sort of healthcare – when you have that healthcare support, that’s a little bit of still where the payers are involved, I can give you exactly the what percentages of that, but is predominantly the cash base. Now, the second question on the Botox – our program is, moving on very well aligned with our partner events, we had laid out, we had gone and met FDA couple of times, we understand their expectations, we have come to a point where we just seeking the agreement on basically both the biosimilarity as well as the clinical program. So, we have enough data now to go back and share with them before we move on. So, we are at a critical stage at this. And I’ve seen – I’m very optimistic about this program as we go along.
Rajiv Malik: Yes. Lyrica, specifically, I think that 200 sets is a combination of Lyrica and celecoxib, Celecox, 140 of that is Lyrica and about 60 - 65 of that is the celecoxib.
Rajiv Malik: And overall on a base business, just also there was a comment on the base business, underlying business Nate, I can tell you across the geographies whether I start with China or talk about the Developed Markets, North America, Europe, it’s strong, the underlying business is strong, the competitive dynamics are exactly what we had assumed. We see that strength. I think that approach we had adopted to manage this base is a key and – our focus will be to optimize, leverage and minimize the base [we’re in] (ph). So, as we go along, I think it’s going to further evolve and we’ll keep you posted on that.
Rajiv Malik: Given the nature of the implementation, Chris, difficult to give us more visibility, as we learned, as it was evolving, the URP was announced, it was announced that it’s going to be implemented in 11 cities, it has obviously a little bit changed. Chengdong provision has just implemented in, recently, and we assume, we had assumed that as we go in the year as we had predicted, five or six other provinces will implement it, perhaps not 11 cities. So there is a change. So, we have been watching it closely. And given the nature of its implementation, it’s very difficult to give you exact how it’s going to evolve, and what timing, but one thing we know, we’ll keep you informed and the bottom of our China or the – trough of our China business will depend upon the extent and the timing of the implementation of the URP. Now, the second question is a pause about the complex and biosimilars category is at developed markets. The biosimilars are key contributors to this growth driven by the launch over the last year – year-over-year trastuzumab, pegfilgrastim, Hulio growing in – Hulio growing in especially in the Germany and as launching these biosimilars also between Australia and Canada and many of these European markets. So that’s the, I would say the key driver behind this growth, behind this segment.
Rajiv Malik: Absolutely the U.S. as Michael said, 11% of our total business diversified mix, between the – even within the generic as we say, left or extended reestablish, as I mentioned, a lot of injectables, a lot of patches and topicals overall pricing trends are very similar to what we had anticipated the mid single-digit, if I correct this for COVID because if you remember Balaji last year to one was when the COVID, impacted and there was some last 15 days surge buying on some of the products, if I correct it U.S. generics are roughly around 4% decline year-over-year, very much in line what we had expected so, I end up extensively from our U.S. business point of view. We have healthy inventories in the channel, we have strong customer service levels, and believe our diversified portfolio our new launches and steady supply is being appreciated by the customer. So, we feel very good about our, this 11% part of the business also. Now, coming back to India, last year was no different five months, almost Balaji, if you remember, India was under complete lockdown from March onwards to almost up to July or August, there were four or five months of complete lockdown. We lost about 95%, 96% of our customer service level over the period. Especially regarding to Biocon, we are working very closely with Biocon and at this point of time where we stand, I don’t see any issue. If I look – if I forward look, we are keeping our eyes to the ground, we are staying close with our customers. We are working closely with the regulators. We’re trying everything to take care of our employees, especially the frontline employees. So, yes, India is important. And at the same point of time, what Mylan legacy, the way Mylan legacy was dependent upon India, I think are dependent as a new company Viatris is very different now on India. So, I think all in all and, it’s tough. It’s challenging over there, but we feel good where we stand, from supply point of view.
Rajiv Malik: So David, to your question around the branded generic competition, let me break it into a little Developed Markets and JANZ and China and give you a little granularity. From the U.S. and Europe these markets, these products are commoditized, they are steady-teddy, whatever is left is steady-teddy – these are for reason they are called iconic brands. So there’s a still brand share they manage some of these markets. So, we have seen over the last three, four, five years, there’s pretty steady business not much erosion there. Emerging Markets is where still there’s an iconic these brands and there’s a value for these brands, people are looking for these iconic names. And these are the branded generic market for say the healthcare environment as the – the consumerism is growing, as spend on the healthcare costs is growing. We see the opportunity over there, many of these markets are mixed back, but the growing emerging markets we sometimes call them between us, this is where we see some opportunity over there. You’ve seen at JANZ once you lose – you have a LOE there’s a combination of retaining some of the brand business and the AG business that kicks in for us. We have a pretty effective weapon in terms of authorized JANZ to retain our market share, markets like Japan, especially Japan. And you are already seen the value of iconic brands and how much equity they can hold in a retail channel like China. So, for say we are not very much – overall if I have to say, we are not very much concerned about the competition coming in from generics to this brand, I think we’ve factored is, the way we are managing this business is at a very granular level, no one global approach, but a country by country approach.
Rajiv Malik: Look, yes, and it’s a portfolio approach $690 million was around the new product portfolio, we called it. There are many – there are about 200 plus products into this. Now, obviously, when you have a portfolio product, some products can be a little bit delayed, somebody – some products that are performed better than expectations. We remain very confident that we’re going to achieve $690 million, despite we are seeing a little bit delay in some inspections in India, for example, Biocon called out the bevacizumab, which is Avastin’s biosimilar, but it’s not going to impact us materially from the numbers point of view. Today morning sitting over here, we just got approval in of Avastin biosimilar in Australia. So, approvals are taking in from all over the rest of the world, a little bit here and there, we’ll see something, but it’s going to not come in the way of achieving $690 million new launch revenue for this year.
Rajiv Malik: Okay, thank you, Andrew. Look on China. Let me ask the question on China – but on EBITDA growth, let me take that first. We’re obviously not given guidance now for 2023. Right, we’re not going to do that. As we will give you a feeling for that later. We said that the 2.5 times leverage is our long term goal. And that’s our long term goal post 2023. So that hopefully helps you to model that a little bit. On China, clearly, we do still expect your peer to come in the second half of the year. So take that to account for the rhythm of the numbers. And Sanjeev maybe you can give some color on the FX column.
Rajiv Malik: Look first of all I think that from interchangeability point of view, we obviously have been staying close with the FDA on Glargine and we know exactly where we stand. So by September – sorry, our July goal date, we expect to have this behind us and have first interchangeable Glargine with both vials as well as [indiscernible]. You’re right about the peer under waiting challenges and all that. And in discussions with many of these customers, we see this as an opportunity to sort of relaunch this product. Once we are very interchangeable Aspart once we have interchangeability around there. It’s our opportunity to basically relocate into this that challenges which we have here so far, in picking up the market share, which we have been slowly and steadily picking up we’re running around 2.5%. But it’s not where we want to be. So that’s going to give us an optionality and opportunity to look into this product in a very different way and essentially relaunch the product, as we go further. Now, on from the Botox point of view, you’re right. This is where I think the FDA’s guidance and thinking continues to evolve, as we keep on sharing with them the information. It’s just nothing different than what happened on and where, when you continue to interact with FDA between the – from the science point of view, the challenges you have, what’s achievable? What’s not achievable? And I can tell you, Ronny at the moment, we feel very excited and positive about the early science that data which we have already got, and so for the feedback from FDA, which we have been getting.
