Heather Bresch: Okay. So I'll take your first couple and then I'll let Rajiv speak to insulin. So Ronny, yes, we do believe that our Abbott transaction will be a successful inversion. And as far as the business, the strategic rationale, I -- as we look at what Abbott -- so first of all, strategically, we believe that being able to have critical mass now around the physician channel throughout Europe, combined with our retail channel, certainly will give very positive upside synergies about how we're able to make 1 plus 1 equal 4 and how we can serve that market. As you know, it doubles our size in our top 10 markets outside of the United States. So first and foremost, that strategic rationale, I think, is very sound. So what we've said, because of the truly enhanced financial -- the significant financial flexibility we will receive because of the -- because of what Abbott, the cash flows that we'll generate, that we will be adding immediately. In fact -- and I'd called out in my remarks that we are actively -- currently actively pursuing many opportunities. So we are certainly putting it to work immediately and certainly, continue to put it to work after the Abbott transaction closes so that we can take that financial flexibility and continue to complement then this platform across the globe with other high-growth areas.
Heather Bresch: Sure. Like I said, we are actively, aggressively pursuing many things. But to your point, we have remained consistent that we wouldn't just add or do a transaction for the sake of doing a transaction. But the good news is there's plenty of transactions out there that do make strategic and financial sense. So we have not certainly put out a time frame other than to say we will -- I think you've seen us in action before, and we are able to move swiftly. And when we find the right target, we certainly act upon it. So I would say that as from a timing perspective, just know that we're out there actively looking at a lot of things. As far as Specialty versus Generic, again, we really are looking across this platform and thinking more about franchises. So -- and as you think about versus -- a generic versus a brand, when you look at how complementary some of our therapeutic categories are, whether allergy, respiratory, you look at everything from a generic Advair to Perforomist, to having nebulization expertise. So I would say, again, we are looking at how we can best complement, either critical mass or add to from a therapeutic category. And that's why, again, having -- after being able to close on the Abbott transaction, being able to leverage these multiple different channels, whether they're physician or retail, it really lets us maximize a portfolio across these channels versus just thinking of something on a product-by-product basis, whether that's a brand product or a generic product. So it's about really leveraging our entire portfolio within these channels that I think gives Mylan the unique opportunity to be very differentiated across the pharmaceutical sector across the globe.
Heather Bresch: Okay. Thanks, Elliot. Look, as far as Europe -- as it relates to Europe, I would -- if you remember, I think now going back several years ago, that was our answer when Europe -- when the economic kind of crisis and crash came and that ability to be managing our profitability. Because as you know, going back then when we had acquired Merck, 70% -- 75% of their portfolio was in licensed. And so they didn't really -- that -- they didn't have as much control over their own destiny from a supply chain perspective. As we then brought in Merck, as you know, one of our priorities was converting and flipping that, that at least 75% of what we sold we would manufacture. So as we were going through that transition, I remember saying to the market when we were experiencing declining growth in Europe, that we were very much being mindful in managing that profitability. And I think that what we're enjoying today is that discipline that we applied in getting our global supply chain where it is today of truly across the globe manufacturing 80% of what we sell. And we're benefiting, quite honestly, in Europe. We did show year-over-year growth. Yes, we have volume offsetting -- continued price cuts but I think that our ability to control that global supply chain and our ability to have truly this vertical integrated network gives us a lot of flexibility, a lot of room for continued growth, and that's why we see it continuing to be a longer-term growth driver. And now when you couple that with, like I said, what the Abbott platform brings us, we really believe that 1 plus 1 equals 4. So I think that we took those steps several years ago, and it is in allowing not only us to have profitability today, but growth year-over-year, and we see that continuing. And I'll let John and Rajiv hit the Agila.
Heather Bresch: Thanks, Ken. So look, I think as far as growth versus accretion, look, I think our track record pretty much speaks for itself. I think that we have added some great complementary strategic assets and accretion. I think we've been very clear about the parameters around M&A that they absolutely would be accretive. And I think that just as I gave the explanation around Abbott, we can bring in an asset that's very complementary and gives great strategic and financial rationale and we'll continue to put that cash to use to ensure that we maintain that strong growth momentum that we've now delivered for 8 years. As far as your FDA question, I am frustrated as I think the industry is. I guess, as far as Mylan is concerned, I'm not aware of any poor formulated products that we have -- have ever had or have in our pipeline. So I'm not sure what your reference there is. I do think that by their own admission, they're having a difficult time efficiently performing while they transform and meeting the metrics that, as you know, we championed GDUFA to level the playing field. And we're working closely with them to enhance and improve the transparency and the timelines and to get us where we need to be -- where they need to be by the end of year 5 in GDUFA. This is the first year -- this is year 3 we're into, and the metrics and so forth, they'll be coming out. So look, I think it is back to a timing perspective, and we look forward to continuing to work with this agency. I think we received -- so with that being said, we've received more product approvals than any other company out there. So while I'm frustrated, I will tell you, Mylan has received more than -- more approvals this year than any of our competitors to date.
Heather Bresch: Sure, Ken (sic) [Marc]. So as I mentioned, we have continued to see pricing pressure there. We have continued to see some volume offsetting that. I would say more so in Italy than France. We continue to see utilization on the rise and the market growing. I would say this about the French market overall. It's been -- from a pharmaceutical perspective, has been fairly flat. So we have obviously maintained our market leadership position there. We've continued, I think, again our durability around our cost of goods, our agility to really be able to key upon key launches there have -- able to let us maintain that. We're excited about launching direct-to-consumer advertising there in France, I think really building upon this leadership. And as far as the other markets outside of just even Italy and France, like I said, we continue to be encouraged by generic utilization increases. And as we've said, nothing happens overnight in Europe throughout the entire region. It is an incremental build, and that's why, again, I go back to being extremely excited around Abbott and our ability to really leverage on both channels, the physician and pharmacy, and really offer something into that market that doesn't exist today, which is a true patient portfolio to the physicians to be able to offer those patients in these therapeutic categories that we're going to have great critical mass around, be vertically integrated in and be able to offer benefit with that pull-through from the pharmacy level.
Heather Bresch: Yes, Chris. Thank you. Look, I think -- I used to refer to our industry as hypercompetitive. I'd say now it's hyper-consolidating. And I don't know that I see that stopping. So I think, again, you've got to step back, and look, I won't speak for any of the other large companies. I will speak for Mylan. And I think we've been very vocal that we'll continue to be an acquirer of some great assets that are out there. We believe that we do have the scale and size today with this -- our -- not only the global platform we have, but I'll go back to manufacturing and having the capacity not only to manufacture and put into the market what we do today, but what we're forecasting from our pipeline perspective. And I think that, that really tees us up to serve these global customers. Because I do think that as we continue to see the disruptions in the market, the lack of reliability and some of the positive that a GDUFA has brought, which is I think taking products and some of that capacity out of the market that wasn't where it needed to be from a quality perspective. And I think we certainly are being able to seize on these opportunities. I think, as far as established product businesses, I think what we're in a position to do not only -- as I've said, we're kind of actively looking at everything. We're also, now with this infrastructure in place, able to also cherry-pick products. So I wouldn't think of it that it's an all-or-nothing proposition. I think now building out the infrastructure, not only that we have in the U.S. but throughout Europe, we'll be able to add some great strategic assets whether that's all of an asset or part of it, in addition to standalone companies and obviously, things that would make sense. And certainly, as we continue to think of the emerging markets, especially in Latin America and how we may grow there, there certainly would be opportunity along those lines as well.
Heather Bresch: So Randall, I hope that, as I stated, October starts the beginning of the third year of GDUFA, which should really be the transformational year as far as metrics and starting to get to the -- and starting to get to where the overall vision of GDUFA was in the first place, which is to accelerate approvals to be able to raise that bar on quality and enhance the transparency. And I, unfortunately and disappointingly, tell you it's gone every -- the wrong direction up until now. I think FDA is aware of this. I hope that going into the very early part of next year, we will be able to see a market -- a markedly different metrics in place for applications that were filed after October 1. I think that where we have been vigilant on with FDA is the backlog issue. So anything before October 1 of 2014, that would have been filed, how they prioritize those. We've been very vocal about, first, generics, how important that is to the market. I think there are certainly broad implications around the lack of approvals that we've had this year. I mean, I think it's been quantified into the billions because of the inability to get products approved at market formation. And I think that as Congress continues to take a hard look at that, I think as a lot of the consumers, that that's really a driving factor and that's what we keep reminding people that we've got to get those approvals in. That's what -- that's the mission statement around OGD. That's what -- that driving force should be there to deliver that to the United States, both as a taxpayer and as to the consumers to get affordable medicine out there. So I can assure you we've not lost sight of the broader mission picture and we'll continue to do our part to make sure everybody else is understanding that, that needs fixed before anything else. Because if we can't get approvals, really fixing anything else isn't going to be very meaningful. And as far as the pricing implications, look, I think -- I continue to say that I think that's a supply-and-demand issue. So yes, do I think there's been opportunities around certain products? But I will say, overall -- I have continued to say generics, overall, per dose or pennies. So it's really, I think, looking -- really looking at the wrong end of the spectrum of where we should be looking at, and it's not the pricing of generic drugs that's driving anything around this health care system, it's really we need to get products approved and get them into the hands of the patient. So with that, thank you.
Rajiv Malik: And Ronny, as regarding insulin. As you will recall, insulin -- -- Lantus was approved as an NDA and not as biologic. So our discussion with the FDA around 505(b)(2) route with interchangeability is a theme so far. So every discussion around this protocol has been around this theme, and our clinical program, which we have agreed with the FDA, is around this theme.
Rajiv Malik: On Lidoderm, I think we continue to work very closely with the FDA to close any outstanding issue. And that's why -- while we are prepared to launch as soon as we get the product, we have taken it out of this year's guidance just on financial prudence.
Rajiv Malik: And Greg, as far as Copaxone is concerned, as I said in my prepared remarks, that we do not have any scientific issue -- outstanding scientific issue to date. We have responded -- the last set of questions were responded maybe 6, 8 months back. And we have been working and staying very close to the FDA and we have been guiding The Street accordingly what we have been hearing from FDA. Obviously, the transformation at FDA, the rolling out of GDUFA and all, we have seen overall impact, a huge impact, and that is a slowdown. So we don't see any outstanding issue at this time where we stand. That's why we imply that, yes, we can see approval any time. But again, being prudent, we have taken it out of this year's guidance.
Rajiv Malik: On generic Advair, all I can tell you, that every milestone which we have identified ourselves way back 2 years when we launched this product, we have been hitting on the track, and the Phase III study has been initiated as we have scheduled. Every manufacturing activity, the commissioning of the plant and everything is on track. And I would say that beyond that, you will hear from us on -- in 2015, our Investor Day. As well as Vivelle-Dot, again, no scientific outstanding issue to date. We have responded to everything and we are expecting approval anytime.
John D. Sheehan: So Jami, with respect to the first part of the question on the taxes, we'll be filing our S-4 here in the next week, as early as the next week. And I think that there will be more disclosure around the whole tax and tax inversion as part of that. But we do still, as Heather indicated, just a little bit in response to the first question, we do still to see ourselves having a successful inversion and with the tax rate projections that we talked about in July. And quite honestly, as to where tax reform or changes to tax may go, quite honestly, I'm not going to speculate in that area to the second part of your question.
John D. Sheehan: Yes, so Elliot, with respect to the Strides compensation. That was for revenues that we were unable to realize here in 2014 as a result of the ongoing remediation activities at the Agila facilities and the lack of product as a result of, as I said, the remediation going on. We had -- you're correct, a $250 million hold back from the purchase price from Strides. We did transfer $150 million or settle with Strides for 100 -- them to receive $150 million of that, and $80 million of it was for the lost revenue that we were talking about -- we're talking about here and $20 million relates to another separate issue that had been agreed at the time of the closing of the transaction. So it is not for -- the compensation that we received is not for reimbursement of cost. There is a separate escrow account that is set up and the remediation that's been ongoing has been reimbursed out of that escrow account. This compensation was for lost revenues.
John D. Sheehan: Sure, David. Thanks. And what I would say to you, number one, is, is that if you go back to the slides that we provided back at July that you're referencing, you'll see that one of the metrics that we provided was an adjusted EBITDA multiple of 6.6x based upon that transaction. And that what I was trying to provide in my prepared remarks was a comparison today that as a result of the revised transaction, including the issuance of the 5 million shares to Abbott that, that comparative metric is now 6.4x, which reflects the benefit of the improved pricing that came out of the conclusion of the negotiations with Abbott as well as the issuance of the 5 million shares to them. And you'll see further information on that when we file our S-4. And I'll let Rajiv...
John D. Sheehan: Absolutely -- yes, on your first part about the gross margins, Greg, I absolutely believe that not only is there the opportunity to increase the gross margins over time, but I think that we have a proven track record of improving gross margins. If you look at the experience over the last 5, 6 years here at Mylan as we have integrated the Merck acquisition, the Bioniche acquisition, our margins have steadily increased. So I definitely see opportunity as well as a proven track record in that area.
John D. Sheehan: And then on your second question regarding the accretion as a result of the amendment and the 8-K filing. I think we indicated in the 8-K filing that the accretion was the result of improved pricing surrounding the transaction. So it's really on the pricing of a product perspective.
John D. Sheehan: And Jason, I think actually I had intended, in response to Jami's question, to be indicating that the tax rate was as a result of the inversion that we were still expecting a tax rate in the 20%, 21% range next year and into the high teens thereafter.
