Heather Bresch: Thank you, Kris. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Mylan delivered a solid performance in the second quarter, with all of our regions and businesses reporting year-over-year growth, including double-digit increases by our Specialty and Rest of World businesses. Sales totaled approximately $1.8 billion, up 8% on a constant-currency basis and right in line with our expectations. Adjusted EPS rose 1% to $0.69, which was at the upper end of our guidance range. We were able to deliver these results despite the ongoing delays in approvals of key products by the FDA, once again, demonstrating our ability to leverage our global platform and commercial opportunity. Our ability to consistently deliver on our commitments reflects the dedication and the hard work of our employees around the world. And on behalf of Mylan's board and our entire management team, I'd like to thank them for a job well done. I'd also like to greet Abbott's employees, who will be joining us as part of the deal, and look forward to welcoming you to the Mylan family. Now I'd like to walk through the commercial performance of our businesses. In our Generics segment, we delivered revenues of $1.53 billion, a constant-currency increase of 6% as compared to the second quarter of 2013. In North America, sales totaled $737 million, up 3% year-over-year. This underscores the broad-based strength of our overall business, given the delays in product approvals that I mentioned. So we look forward to the contributions these approvals will make. In Europe, sales totaled $396 million, a 5% constant-currency increase compared to the second quarter of '13. We continue to be encouraged by the year-over-year growth we've seen over the last couple of years, and look forward to the addition of the complementary commercial platform we are acquiring through the Abbott acquisition, which we believe will only further enhance our growth prospects for this region. In our Rest of World, sales were up 11% year-over-year, constant currency, totaling $396 million. Our ARV franchise continues to drive this double-digit growth, as does our Japan business. As for Specialty, sales were up 22% year-over-year, totaling $288 million. This was driven both by market expansion for EpiPen, as well as price. Our market share remains stable at about 90%, and we continue to expect double-digit growth for the rest of 2014 for the market and for EpiPen, which remains on track to become this year our first billion-dollar product. We continue to pursue initiatives that drive education and promote access to EpiPen. For example, all 50 states now allows students to carry their Auto-Injectors to school, and 45 states have passed laws or regulations that allow or mandate schools to stock undesignated pens. We also continue to invest in our very important organic growth drivers, which are key components to delivering on our target of at least $6 in 2018. Rajiv will update you on some of these shortly. Additionally, the Abbott transaction not only complements our existing strategy by hitting on many of our key drivers, but it also positions us to potentially accelerate achieving our $6 target. Abbott builds on our strong momentum, expands and diversifies our business in our top 10 markets outside of the U.S. and clearly positions Mylan for our next phase of growth. The anticipated and financial flexibility created by this transaction immediately positions us to execute on highly strategic and financially accretive transactions in the near term. With that said, given the tendency of the Abbott transaction and management's current activities around additional strategic opportunities, we will be postponing our Investor Day until a later date. As for our outlook for the rest of 2014, we are narrowing our guidance range for revenue to $7.8 billion to $8 billion and for adjusted diluted EPS to $3.25 to $3.45 per share. This reflects the delays we have been experienced as FDA implements FDASIA. Given where we are in the year, we will not fully realize the annualized impact of key product launches in 2014 that we still are anticipating by year end. We now expect to fully realize the benefits from these products in 2015. This guidance also reflects launching Copaxone by the end of the year. However, even without the launch of Copaxone in the fourth quarter, we would still expect to be within our guidance range for the year. With that said, I'll now turn the call over to Rajiv to update you on our growth drivers.
Heather Bresch: Well, the good news is you figured out how to get 6 questions down to 2. But anyway, I will kind of kick it off here, Jami. First, I guess what I'd say is taking kind of everything into consideration and wanting to come with a full picture of what now the Abbott-Mylan combination will make, we just felt that it would be the best interest to be able to come with that full picture. And in the meantime, we absolutely are busy looking at everything, I think. We've teed that up when we announced the Abbott transaction that we believed that it would be a great -- not only a great strategic transaction, but also financial in the sense that it really sets us up to have extreme and significant cash flow and financial flexibility to immediately to be able to strike and to do other transactions. So I think that just with everything taken into consideration, we thought that the best way to come in front of you guys and give that full picture, how 1 plus 1 equals 4, would be at a later date. And I think that as far as everything else goes, the noise around inversions and everything else, Jami, I guess, the only thing I'd say is there's tremendous speculation. And really, at this point in time, that's all it is. And we are continuing to move forward. We feel solid about our transaction and look forward to laying it all out there for you guys.
Heather Bresch: Okay. So I'll start off with Lidoderm. I'll tell you, Doug, we absolutely have every bit of confidence in our Lidoderm application. And I guess, I don't want to sound like a broken record and maybe that's why I didn't call it out. There's absolutely no science issue. There's no issue with our patch. It is truly administrative. I think as we continue to work with FDA, they're struggling in some regard to prioritize and continue to prioritize the most meaningful ANDAs. And obviously, as Rajiv said, Copaxone isn't at the top of their list. We very much hope we have it this year. I mean, I -- and to your point, we have several key launches, key products that we're still anticipating this year. So I would say that we've taken all that into consideration and probability weighted all of these ones that we're still anticipating to get. And like I pointed out, the good news is, they're going to come. And while we may not get the full benefit this year of what they're going to contribute to our business, we certainly will get that full benefit next year.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So, Greg, I'll say this, we absolutely are busy looking at strategic and financially accretive transactions. I'm not going to give a time frame. I think that we're active. And I think as John and I both noted, there's nothing precluding us from announcing or closing a deal prior to the Abbott closing. But with that being said, we don't have a gun to our head. Again, we're able to really look. There's a lot of opportunities out there, and we are looking at everything. And I think that depending on timing and depending on all the different moving pieces and parts, if we can strike sooner rather than later, I can assure you that, that's what our interests are. As far as inversions, I guess, here's my two cents worth on it. I think there is a lot of noise, in the sense that the facts have really been sheltered. I know I've joked before, "Don't let the facts get into the way of a good story or a good campaign." And I truly believe there's such an uneducated dialogue going on around inversions right now that is going to be very, I believe, difficult for an Executive Order at the Treasury Department to do something that doesn't just truly jeopardize foreign entities, including the companies who have inverted and just companies that are foreign that do a significant amount of business in the United States, which contributes to huge jobs. There's treaty aspects. So I think as much as the Senate may want to vote on something to take it back into the field and be able to say to their constituencies they're trying to do something, I just continue to think the odds of anything getting done and looking at one little snapshot of our tax code, which needs significantly reformed, is unlikely.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So as I mentioned in my remarks, we stay very encouraged. We've continued to see year-over-year growth throughout Europe, especially our largest markets, France, Italy. And obviously, the Abbott transaction just allows us to build even more critical mass around the physician channel and the opportunity for us to now leverage that business between the pharmacy channel and physician channel in those markets throughout Europe. So we're extremely excited, not only about what are now core business and the stability around our core business. But now what we're going to be able to add to it, I think, is going to be significant and truly allow us to get the 1 plus 1 equals 4 out of Europe. As far as Agila goes, it's right in line with what our expectations have been around Agila. We're continuing to be able to get significant product approvals and launches. And like I said, the Agila business is really hitting on all cylinders, and everything remains on track from an operational perspective, as well as a commercial prospect. As far -- in Asia, as I mentioned, our ARV business continues to drive that double-digit growth, as well as Japan. Japan has -- our partnership with Pfizer continues to be -- really exceed our expectations. We've seen double-digit growth in Japan. So that's really driving -- like I said, those 2 are really driving that double-digit growth. As far as EpiPen goes, there, we do not see any inventory build or any issues. We do see significant demand. It's continued to -- third quarter has continued to not disappoint. As far as the market expansion and the demand for this product, I think that our direct-to-consumer advertising has continued to drive great demand, as well as all of our legislative efforts knocking down the barriers to have access to this important drug. So I think all in all, everything -- we couldn't be more excited about the continued opportunity we have around EpiPen.
Heather Bresch: And as far as EpiPen goes, so Randall, here's what I'll say because I am looking forward to getting in front of you guys with some of the initiatives that we're working on around EpiPen and really creating -- continuing to enhance access to EpiPen. But I think what I'd first say just to maybe level set or put in context, regardless of what we would do to add to this franchise -- and like I said, there's several different initiatives that would add to the overall franchise strategy -- that we continue to see great brand equity and customer loyalty to the product we have on the market today. And we -- that product will stay on the market today regardless of what else we may bring to the market. So it's not so much -- I know historically, we certainly are all aware of a lot of the brand tactics, with switching and swapping out products. That would not be the strategy around EpiPen because just I think it's a very unique product that has significant, like I said, not only brand equity but customer loyalty to the current drug device that we have. And we just see anything else that we bring just to be additive to the franchise. And like I said, I do look forward to bringing you and sharing those initiatives.
Heather Bresch: Okay. So first of all, obviously, we're very pleased with our Copaxone judgment and the injunction that was put into place. And I can assure you, we are doing everything to maximize that opportunity, and that's certainly built into the guidance that we've now given you for the rest of '14. And as far as the OTC channel, we do think that's an interesting channel; certainly, in some respects, even outside the U.S. more than inside the U.S. Because I think as you think about how these channels play against each other in Europe or with each other from a physician channel, a pharmacy channel and that OTC and given the independence of the pharmacies throughout Europe, there are opportunities to build that brand presence on both behind the counter and in front of the counter. So -- and as we stated, the Abbott transaction certainly gives us a beginning foothold on OTC. So I think we've got real opportunities to look at some of these brands that we're now acquiring, as well as perhaps add some products that would be very strategic, but allow us to build upon the Mylan equity through now all channels in Europe.
Heather Bresch: Okay. Sure, Elliot. So what I'd say, Elliot, around EpiPen, obviously, when you've got a multiple epinephrine product marketplace, it leads to a more competitive positioning both with the pharmacies, as well as payers. I think that given the breadth and scope of our business that we've been able to manage and to obviously remain very competitive in that structure. But with that being said, we're going to do whatever we need to do to really maintain that market leadership, and like I said, and continue to look at ways that we can enhance and add to this franchise. So I think the strong script trends are just indicative of how much runway room is still out there because I think as we continue to educate, like I said, not only customers but truly everything from schools to establishments on how important to have access to EpiPen is, we just continue to see those campaigns very much take hold and very much continue to drive these script trends throughout the United States. So I think, like I said, it's just indicative of how much runway is left and the return on our capital being very high based on the demand that it's creating in the marketplace. And as far as the delays at FDA, I will absolutely tell you that there are no science issues, we don't have any facility issues, that it is absolutely administrative and timing on the FDA part. And we believe that we've got a couple of approvals that are imminent. So I think that while much slower than we would like, I think that we're just going to continue to have a stream of approvals that certainly are going to reflect what we're telling you right now. But there's absolutely no issue on any other front.
Heather Bresch: All right, David. So I'll start with North America. I believe that what we're witnessing at FDA really is almost all can be attributed to FDASIA and the implementation of GDUFA. I think they're going through a massive transformation, and I think we're obviously feeling that -- in the short term, that pain. I think in the longer term, it's the absolutely right thing to do. I think it will continue to level set the -- create a level playing field. I think it will raise the bar, and I think that it will continue to give us a tremendous amount of opportunity given our track record and our ability to have a truly reliable, high-quality supply chain. As far as pricing, look, I think that, that stability in our North American -- that core business is certainly why we're able to deliver the results we have today, which, like I said, despite those product delays, we see growth year-over-year. We've seen North America continue to maximize opportunities, not only with our core business. But as other companies have had problems in the marketplace, we've been able to remain very agile and be able to maximize those opportunities as they come our way. So I think the North America business has never been stronger, and that's why I look forward now to just a contribution when we do get these approvals. As far as the inversion, I think as I stated here earlier this morning, there is a lot of speculation. There's a diverse range of things being discussed. And I think, though, at the end of the day, it's going to be very difficult to take one piece of our tax code and try to be punitive for companies that are foreign-based or have chosen inversion. I think that we've been very clear that, that does not mean we'd stop paying U.S. taxes. We're obviously continuing to pay U.S. taxes, as well as a lot of these foreign companies are paying U.S. taxes and creating U.S. jobs. And I think that when you look at our industry, specifically, over 50% -- almost 50% of the products that are sold here in the United States come from outside of the United States. So as we've said, if we wanted to close our borders and not allow any products in -- which seems very impractical, I think that no one has complained about the $1 trillion that our industry has saved our country over the last decade. I think that, that will be continuous. And I think that for us to step back and try to act like we can just buy American, it's impossible in our industry. And that, being punitive and not allow us to be competitive, I do not believe is in our country's best interest, and I hope that prevails at the end of the day, our country's best interest.
Heather Bresch: Sure. So look, Ken, I think as you think about the next 3 years, there couldn't be a more exciting time for Mylan. I think when you look at things like our generic Advair, Copaxone, I think when you look at these complex products that we're continuing to bring to the market -- and then you look at EpiPen, but not just EpiPen, you've heard me refer to this franchise strategy. I think as we look at being -- taking an allergy leadership position, I think as you look at our respiratory, I think what you're going to continue to see Mylan doing is really building out excellence in some of these therapeutic categories that allow us to really start positioning full broad-spectrum patient solutions versus just product specific. So I think that, like I said, there couldn't be a more exciting time, I believe, in the history of our company than what we've teed up, the opportunities, what we've invested in, the organic growth drivers. As well as then to complement everything I just said with the transactions that we're looking at. That will just accelerate, I think, some of these opportunities that we have before us. So I think there's not a better time, and I think that Mylan's going to be well, well positioned for significant growth over these next several years.
Heather Bresch: And, David, as far as EpiPen is concerned, as I was mentioning earlier, I would really separate. We're not -- I wouldn't link any new product or product switching or any tactics in front of or parallel to this June date. As you know, I think we've been pretty vocal that one, we believe that's a very high barrier to entry for substitutable products to be with us in June. But notwithstanding that, we, as I said, will continue to build upon the brand equity and the customer loyalty we have about our current drug device, and anything that we do would be additive to that and not necessarily correlated to the June date.
Rajiv Malik: Thank you, Heather. And good morning, everyone. I would like to provide an update on a few of our key growth drivers. I'll start with our generic Advair program. At our Investor Day last year, we provided a detailed overview of our progress on this subject, especially as it relates to our manufacturing capability. Since then, here's what we have accomplished: First, we have validated our science further on a clinical scale. Second, we have initiated our clinical trial activities. Third, we have initiated the validation of our production scale manufacturing. Fourth, we continue to have a very productive dialogue with FDA around the science. In conclusion, we continue to expect to have the first AB-rated substitutable generic form of Advair to the market in 2016. Now let me turn to Copaxone. We continue to work diligently with the FDA on our application, and I can assure you that the approval of a generic Copaxone is one of the highest priorities for the agency. They are well aware of the importance of the providing patients with access to a generic version of this product as soon as possible. In terms of our ANDA, we have completed everything that has been asked of us, including completing and providing the agency with a comprehensive gene expression studies, encompassing the entire genome. We also comprehensively addressed every issue raised by Teva in their seventh citizen petition, including the questions about Mylan's formulation. Let me be very clear, there are maybe 13 other formulations of generic Copaxone that they have procured outside of the U.S., but they are not testing Mylan's product, and they do not have access to our ANDA. With respect to legal cases, there is ongoing litigation in India brought by Teva against Natco, which is yet another attempt by Teva to block U.S. generic Copaxone competition. They have made similar arguments to the U.S. Supreme Court, seeking an injunction, and that court rejected Teva's request for an injunction. Out of the respect to Indian courts, we will not further comment on this matter other than to say we think that Teva's legal efforts seeking an injunction in India are likely to be as ineffective as their efforts in the U.S. courts. I will close by drawing to your attention that the U.S. Solicitor General's brief in Teva's case pending before U.S. Supreme Court states that "it appears likely that the Federal Circuit would ultimately reaffirm its conclusion that a patent is indefinite" even if the Supreme Court adopts a new standard of review. The Supreme Court hearing is scheduled for October 15. We also continue to make good progress on our biologics and insulin programs, and look forward to providing additional updates on these in the future. Let me now turn the call over to John.
Rajiv Malik: And, Jami, on Copaxone, I think nothing is due -- as we just mentioned, nothing is due from the science perspective from us now. We have provided every scientific evidence, including detailed analytics, biological testing and the last, the gene expression study to FDA. FDA had taken its time to review it. Any day, we are expecting to hear from FDA about -- if there is any other open issue. But I mean, we remain very confident that we have addressed every aspect of the science. And now, in fact, it's -- from our point of view, these are few administrative hurdles, which they need to go through just because it's the first generic ANDA.
Rajiv Malik: David, on Advair, as we said that every milestone which we have outlined for us, including clinical trial expertise, initiation of clinical trial expertise, but most importantly validation of our production scale manufacturing, everything is on track. But the filing, instead of the second -- first half, it will be in the third quarter of 2015. Not affecting our ability to bring the product in the market in 2016. So yes, there's maybe a month slippage on that or 1.5 months slippage. But everything else, from the science perspective, the dialogue with FDA remains on the track, and it doesn't impact our bring the product in the market to substitute the generic Advair in 2016.
John D. Sheehan: And I would just close, as Heather indicated, in her comments about looking at everything that -- within that there is nothing that would preclude us from being able to do certain transactions here in the near term.
John D. Sheehan: And just with respect to EBITDA, Doug, what I would say to you is, is that when you look at narrowing of the range that -- our guidance range that we provided here this quarter, that the narrowing was a $0.05, $0.06 differential. And when we looked at the other moving parts associated with EBITDA and where EBITDA was both initially and now in the range, we believe that we'll stay within the range for EBITDA and, therefore, didn't need to make an adjustment to that guidance.
John D. Sheehan: Yes. On the tax side, to the extent that we were to execute on the transaction prior to the close of the Abbott transaction, which, I believe, is the genesis of the question, I do believe that we track proper tax structuring, and we have a very strong tax team here at Mylan that would be able to do so, you would get maximum benefit out of any maximum benefit leverage from any tax structure. So yes, I think there's a lot of opportunity there on the tax side.
John D. Sheehan: Sure. Randall, I think that the Q4 being stronger than Q3 is the combination of the benefit of Copaxone, as well as other expected product approvals in the fourth quarter, as well as the timing of spending throughout the year. And as I indicated in my comments, we do expect that the revised guidance that we provided for the year would be achieved -- the low end would be achieved, without the approval of Copaxone. So it's the combination of Copaxone, new product approvals and timing of spending.
John D. Sheehan: Yes. And Sumant, I think we, through the -- indicated through the Abbott transaction that our leverage ratio will go down into the 2.3x, 2.4x gross debt to EBITDA, and that opens up substantial financial flexibility to us that we talked about a couple of weeks ago when we announced the Abbott transaction. And therefore, I'd say that we have been consistent that we're committed to our investment-grade credit rating. And I don't see any limitation for our being able to do what we want to do with -- in maintaining that rating.
John D. Sheehan: And I'll close with other income, David. So other income principally represents things like foreign currency transaction, gains and losses, including on derivatives, interest income, equity earnings. And the $21 million represents a little bit higher amount of foreign currency transaction gains and losses this quarter. It looks larger in comparison to the same quarter of the prior year because we actually had about $9 million of losses in the prior year quarter. So I think the comparison is fairly significant. However, I think if you were to look at other income, we do run pretty consistently in the $16 million to $19 million, $20 million range for other income. And so as I said, this quarter may be slightly larger than others, but it's definitely not out of the ordinary. So with that, operator, you can close the call. And to all of our investors and analysts, we appreciate your continued support. Thank you.
