Tracey Travis: I don't think that we will expect, balance of the year, to see the kind of leverage that we saw in the first quarter. Obviously, our sales performance in the first quarter drove a portion of that leverage. And the calendarization of some of our expense initiatives also affects us more heavily in the second through fourth quarters than they do in the first quarter. So it's certainly our goal as we make investments and strategic initiatives to maximize on those in future years and leverage SG&A. We have seen that on prior investments and so we do expect to see it in the future. But the balance of this year will be a challenge from an SG&A leverage standpoint, given some of the initiatives that we have in place.
Tracey Travis: And the only thing I would add to that is the foreign exchange impact in the first quarter was minimal. It is expected to ramp up as I mentioned before, pretty significantly in the second through the fourth quarters, given the currency exchange last year, particularly for the euro, which is a mixed impact for us.
Tracey Travis: And to your other question, and I would address it both from an SG&A standpoint and a gross profit standpoint, the balance of the year incorporates revised thinking as it relates to some of the supply chain and sourcing savings that we've been able to achieve in the prior year and certainly in the first quarter and a moderating of that more quickly than what we had anticipated before, as well as the newer outlook on Japan, in light of our planned reduced shipments to make sure that we are aligning our inventories with the sales trends in the market.
Tracey Travis: Well I'll address the currency question. It is a slight impact in terms of the improvement but not significantly, just given how our calendarization flows. But it is a slight part of the improvement, you're correct.
Roger Farah: Yes, I think, Bob, that the concern we called out in the May call and we've continued to talk about is based on our experiences with the various manufacturing partners we have around the world. Raw materials, if you start with that, be it cotton or wool or any of the raw materials, have seen meaningful jumps from last year at this time; although on some levels, last year's was somewhat depressed. But still, the this year-last year comparison is worth note. Second issue is really the labor situations, whether it's the real Cut, Make and Trim or the scarcity of labor that is going on around the world as a result of capacity reductions and perhaps rising labor in countries like China. And then the third piece would be the transportation around the world. I think we're going to see that slowly rising as the year goes on, but the real impact will be most critically felt in the spring merchandise, which for us will be fourth quarter. We've looked at global pricing, whether it's in Asia, Europe or the United States, and where appropriate, we've been willing to take some price increases. But we're very mindful of the economic conditions and a skittish customer. And really, there's no way we're going to take the full cost of goods increases and pass them on. So it's a merchandise category, and item carefully thought through by region is the way we're looking at it, and that would really come into play for spring calendar '11 and on. And again, I'm not sure how everybody else is treating these increases, but that's our point of view.
Roger Farah: Sure. Adrianne, we spent a lot of time recently not only on the budgets for this year but the quarter-by-quarter outlook. And one of the conclusions we've reached upon reflection on the first quarter results is, the extraordinary performance that you've noted was really driven by the core businesses in constant currency really outperforming. And I think the headline on the quarter is not the things we identified that might be short-term drags, didn't drag down. The answer is they did. It was really the core businesses outperforming either our competitors or own expectations that powered us through the quarter, whether it's retail or wholesale, whether it was online, whether it was Ralph Lauren product or even Club Monaco, which had an extraordinary quarter as you can see. It was the core businesses that we've invested and managed so carefully over the years outperforming and the new initiatives keep going. So whether it's the start-up of handbags or the start-up of e-commerce, whether it's the start-up of Asia and now our very exciting announcement over Korea, all of those short-term impacts actually occurred. It was the core businesses outperforming. Now the only business that I would say didn't outperform were the Ralph Lauren stores, although the number we reported, which is a blend of Ralph Lauren stores and concession stores in Japan is a little misleading because the concession business in the department stores in Japan was down. And really worldwide, the Ralph Lauren Store business was up in the single digits. So it's really a rolled-up number that is a little misleading. But we are seeing the high-end customer in apparel stay more cautious than the customers in other product categories and other channels of distribution. I think based on what I'm seeing around, the high-end accessory customer has perhaps come back a little stronger than the high-end apparel business. So we're very mindful of that as we head into the Fall selling and are watching that very carefully.
Roger Farah: Okay, Michael, let me make sure I remember all that. I'm going to ask Tracey to pick up the second part of your question. As to the first part, it is clear to us that the retailer continues to be very proud of themselves, for managing inventories carefully and seeing margin recoveries as people have reported spring and Summer results. I think you've all seen that. I think that's also led them to continue to be more cautious about, open to buys going forward than probably the sell-through and the results would indicate. However, as I said to Adrianne, we did have a very strong by-brand, by-merchandise category performance for spring. We do believe we're taking share in many of the major categories. And while the retailer is being cautious and some of that sales this spring was based on [ph] chase (52:21) product or reorder product or replenishment product, we are beginning to feel better about the retailer putting a little more open-to-buy on the table up front. I believe it's probably coming from some other part of their assortment, so they are not incrementally adding a lot to their total inventory, but I think we're picking up share. We have reasonable visibility through Fall, holiday and beginning to develop more visibility into spring. So we are feeling better about that in the domestic business and the Europe business. As you know, most of Asia today is not run through the wholesale model, so that's more a function of how our stores will perform over there over time. So net-net, coming out of spring, Summer, we're feeling a little more bullish than maybe we did halfway through the spring and I think we're picking up some share.
Roger Farah: Okay. I think you're right. We continue to hear difficult economic news out of Europe, although the last couple weeks or months have shown some signs of stabilizing as people better digested the issues in Greece and some of the other countries. But as a headline statement, our business, I think it's fair to say, has outperformed the marketplace. We do have excellent management and excellent strategies that are operating very efficiently. But it continues to be a story of, some countries are softer, i.e., Italy and Spain, although there's been a little bit of a pick-up in Spain recently. And the more northern and central countries have outperformed, be they France, Germany, the U.K. or Scandinavia. And that's remained pretty consistent through the spring season. The Italian business particularly is based on specialty store distribution. And those specialty owners, after several years of difficult conditions, are really people that have to manage tightly their own personal cash flows and we've got to manage the credit risk. So I think we'll see turbulence in the Italian market for a while until that market gets better macroeconomic results. So overall, strong results in Europe powered by those big countries. We've also seen a return to key markets like Russia, like the Middle East, like Istanbul, which are all running strong increases versus a year ago when that business got particularly banged around. So very pleased with the results out of Europe, particular strengths in Men's wear, strong seasons in Women's, kids and jeans and improving and growing business in Lauren, where we distributed Women's product for the first time there a couple years ago and we're beginning to get some nice traction. So that's really the summary of Europe. And I think the Paris store opening, while you could say is specifically Paris, I do believe the marketing, the advertising, the brand focus did have a halo effect not only on all of the French market but really across the Western countries.
Roger Farah: Let me try to take on the department store share. I think as a starting point for this, you have to look at what the stores did in response to the contraction over the last two years, where they eliminated perhaps smaller brands, more marginal brands as a compelling proposition to the customer. Certainly, they've been growing private label. So I think it created an opportunity for all Polo Ralph Lauren products that we are so carefully managing from a product and merchandising point of view. And our responsiveness, I think we've been very good at responding to consumer trends on much shorter lead times than perhaps in the past. So I think the overall brand equity, as we continue to raise our global profile, we continue to make investments in things like e-commerce and/or 72nd Street. That brand elevation, I think, makes the product even more appealing to a department store customer who's buying a piece of a lifestyle dream through those products in that channel. And the teams are very carefully going merchandise category by merchandise category, looking for distortion opportunities with appropriate products. Our ability to sell through at more full price sell-throughs, which allow the stores to make higher margins, our sales to square foot, which in some cases are two or three times the department average. So obviously, the gross margin dollars per foot are extraordinarily different than our peers' or competitors'. I think all of that's playing out to our advantage. Even in a channel that's experiencing low single-digit growth, I think we're picking up share.
Roger Farah: It's an interesting question, Christine, because we've been working on trying to get South Korea back in the fold for a while, and therefore have spent a variety of market visits. And not unlike other licensed international territories, their orientation has been to Men's Casual Sportswear. And the $230 million that we talk about is heavily oriented towards that product, and it does remarkably well. There is definitely an opportunity in that market to develop other product categories over time to much more important positions. Whether it's Women's, whether it's kids, whether it's Accessories or denim, they are very tilted towards casual Men's Sportswear. And what we observed in our multiple trips there is that South Korea is also a major shopping mecca for the Chinese. And the Chinese are very smart about arbitraging price throughout the region and throughout the world. And so getting the brand to be consistent to what they see in a Paris or what they've seen in a New York or what they're going to see in a Tokyo, Hong Kong, Shanghai, in Seoul, Korea and other parts is critical, we think, to support the network not just South Korea. But it's a distorted country. As we've said, it's the third largest single country in the world for us. And so our ability to, starting January 1, begin to move the assortments to a more elevated, tiered and broader merchandise category, we think is one of the real exciting opportunities of Asia-Pacific.
Roger Farah: Yes, it's a good question, and the reality is that e-commerce for us has been extraordinarily successful, and I appreciate you acknowledging not only the content of it but also the economic contribution e-commerce is making. It's one of the reasons that we're so excited about the Europe launch. We expect to learn quickly and then move out through the rest of the countries there. That's why I said on my opening remarks that we will research and then figure out how we want to do business in Asia and Japan. It's also why you read today a lot of pundits talking about 70%, 80% of the future growth in retail could come out of e-commerce, as a general headline. So the fact that we're 10 years into this, we've got a very talented team, it's important to us, we've figured out not only the front end but the service equation and commit to very high standards, gives us a lot of encouragement. It also is relatively low capital investment compared to brick-and-mortar stores. And therefore, if you get it right and you get the necessary infrastructure right, it's really about keeping up with the technology and the ability to stay current with customers' expectations or in fact lead them with some new ideas, which we've done. The other interesting aspect of e-commerce is, it is been proven that its impact across channels, whether our wholesale channel or our own retail channel, is compelling. So you would not be wrong in saying that as we go forward, focus on retail will have a heavy component of e-commerce. I don't think it replaces doing appropriate brick-and-mortar retail, and I think our challenge will be, by market, to figure out the mix and the ROIs and the how to reach customers and what the messaging will be. But there's no doubt that e-commerce from here on out will grow in its penetration through retail, and in fact will grow in its penetration to our total distribution strategy and should provide very nice profit returns and ROI returns as we expand and open around the world. There are obviously some start-up costs opening in Europe and there will eventually be in Asia, but I think our willingness to stay with this business in the early years and figure it out, for a single brand site that has distribution around the world, I think it's been a remarkable success for us and we're going look to grow that as a percent of our total business and particularly retail. So with that, I think we've concluded the first quarter remarks. I appreciate the support and interest on all of your parts. First quarter was clearly beyond our expectations, and we'll see how the rest of the year plays out. Thank you.
