Patrice Louvet: Sounds good, Michael. Listen, on the first part of your question, I would outline a few things. First, we have fundamentally repositioned our business over the past couple of years. And this is clearly visible through the performance, not just this quarter, as you highlighted, but also over the prior quarters. And clearly, as Jane closed in her opening remarks, the company is back on offense. And so based on that, I have a lot of confidence in our ability to comp this year's outsized recovery growth and deliver sustainable growth ahead. Here's why, our company is fundamentally healthier than it was 2 years ago. If you look at the different elements, the brand is elevated, it's strong, it's desirable around the world. We're bringing in a younger, higher value consumer, less price-sensitive consumer. And our growth is broad-based: geographies, channels and brands. So looking to the future, we clearly have multiple engines for growth that are delivering both now, and we are confident are sustainable for the mid to long term. And there are really 3 that I would call out. First of all, on the product front, our unique lifestyle positioning means we can drive our core, while also continuing to scale high-potential underdeveloped categories like home, outerwear and others. The second one is on the channel front, right? I think as you've seen through the performance this past quarter and in prior quarters, our digital business is strong, broad-based, whether that's our own digital or pure players or bricks and clicks. We've got a compelling blueprint for retail growth, and I'm particularly energized by the fact that we're now opening stores in the U.S., which we haven't done in almost a decade. And then the third area is our wholesale is now rightsized. It's on a healthy foundation. And if you look at the way the consumer is voting, looking at market share, we're growing share across our core categories, again this past quarter. So lots of opportunities from a channel standpoint. And then finally, from a geographical standpoint, you know we take a key city lens to the world and we look at our top 30 cities around the world, and we see growth opportunities across all the key markets, notably in North America. Now we're obviously not immune to macro challenges, but I hope you all see that we've built a business and a supply chain that are both strong and resilient, and we have demonstrated pricing power as we've been elevating AUR consistent with our brand elevation work for several years now. And you saw that again in this past quarter. So the short answer, Michael, to your question, is that we're optimistic about the future, we have multiple levers to fuel our growth, not just over the next year but well beyond that. And now Jane will get -- give us perspective on our margin.
Patrice Louvet: And Beth, to give some color on specific categories or channels or geographies where we've seen different AUR growth, the one thing I would highlight -- because it was actually pretty broad-based and you saw, right, plus 18% on top of plus 19% last year total company, pretty broad-based. But the thing we're clearly delivering on is the acceleration in North America, right? And our AUR growth rate progression is actually the fastest of all the regions. And we now have all the engines of AUR growth by channel motoring ahead, particularly wholesale, right? And I really appreciate the partnership we have with our key wholesale players here in North America because I think we're fully aligned on how we want to approach promotional strategy, pricing and product elevation as part of our overall proposition. We saw very strong AUR growth in wholesale. We saw very strong AUR growth on our digital business as well as across our brick-and-mortar presence. So this is the one that started latest of all 3 regions, right? Really, the journey started first in Asia, then in Europe and now in North America. We're still very early innings, particularly in wholesale. So as we look at it through that lens, we think there are many, many more quarters to come in our ability to drive AUR. Maybe not at the pace we've delivered this year, but certainly consistent AUR growth moving forward.
Patrice Louvet: And Laurent, just to double down on the North America number. Therefore, I think from a LLY standpoint, North America was up something like 16% or 17% like-for-like, right? Which that’s – hopefully, you feel the enthusiasm and the confidence we have in our trajectory in North America because the numbers are clearly playing that out. Beyond the things that Jane mentioned in terms of reset, Laurent, I think we are complete. So we will continuously challenge every location in which the brand is sold. But that’s part of our ongoing model as we continue to make sure that’s kind of showing up in the right place and is obviously delivering attractive returns. But the heavy lifting from a brand portfolio standpoint, from a door closure standpoint, from a pullback on daigou online and a major pullback relative to promotional activity, that will be behind us as we close out this fiscal year.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So listen, on product, the first thing I would call out is that our lifestyle positioning, the breadth of our offering really puts us in a strong competitive position to flex with consumer needs and their wardrobe evolution. And I think that's a real differentiating point for our company relative to many peers in this industry. The second thing I would call out is the fact that we've seen a new product apparel cycle start in the spring -- and I think we talked about this together last time, and accelerate in the fall. And what's exciting about it, I think it's still very early innings with many tailwinds ahead because the consumer hasn't really fully returned to work and certainly hasn't fully returned to more regular external activities. So what we're seeing on the hybrid approach by consumers is, on the one hand, a replenishment of their core wardrobe, and on the other hand a gravitation towards newness and sophistication. Let me peel the onion a little bit on that to give you a specific product category examples. So replenishing core elements of the wardrobe, those are things like denim, sweaters, those types of products. On the pivoting towards newness and sophistication, there are 2 things I would call out. One is the elevation of casual looks, right? And this is clearly driving newness in our assortment. To give you a specific set of examples, cashmere hoodies, novelty and matching fleece, for example. And then the other element to call out here is items to wear outside of the house, right? Items to wear outside of the house during the day. So we're seeing a significant pickup in our sports coats, we're seeing significant pick up in our outerwear. And then elements to wear in the evening as people go out. Now that's a smaller part of our business, but it has an important halo effect overall. So those are evening gowns and tuxedos. We, based on where the consumer is and where the consumer is going, are uniquely positioned to serve this hybrid need and expectation. And as I mentioned a couple of minutes ago, we expect this to continue, and I think this will be actually a really nice tailwind based on how we are positioned.
Patrice Louvet: Erinn, so on China specifically, we've been really pleased with our continued performance in China. And as you know, this hasn't been just 1 quarter. We've been able to do this on a sustained basis. But including this past quarter, just as a refresher, up 22% versus LY, up 65% versus LLY despite Omicron disruption, right, which I think we're all in touch with. And I have to say the team on the ground is doing an awesome job navigating the volatility of Omicron in continuing to drive the brand. So we clearly see China both as a near-term opportunity and a long-term opportunity. From a brand perception standpoint, we track our brand equity on a monthly basis, and we see the brand continue to strengthen in that market, particularly with the younger population and nicely balanced from a gender standpoint, men's and women's. As we look at our business, digital versus physical, to your specific question, we really approach things through this key city ecosystem omnichannel lens, right? Shenzhen, Chengdu, Shanghai, Beijing is really where we're putting a lot of our emphasis. And we're building the ecosystem that has a strong digital wrapper, both RalphLauren.com, which we launched not that long ago and doing particularly well, and our key partners, Tmall, JD, WeChat as well, combined with the flagship presence that really projects brand image, as we've just done with the openings in Shanghai, in Beijing. And you heard in our prepared remarks, they're off to a really strong start across the board. So we've been really pleased with that. And then we are continuing to expand our store footprint beyond these flagships with these flexible Polo formats that are really performing quite well for us. So we're working hard to make sure all this is connected so that the consumer is at the center of it, it doesn't really matter whether it's digital or brick-and-mortar because fundamentally, what we want is to make sure we give that consumer an amazing experience. And we know he and she goes back and forth between these different channels. But I think we're really well positioned, and we have a very deliberate strategic approach to driving our expansion in that market. What I particularly like as well, and we've been talking a lot of AUR since the beginning of this call, is the elevation of the brand and the brand desirability in that market. And if you look at the data, China is probably one of those markets where the brand perception is the highest. So one, that gives us a lot of confidence in the near and long term for us to win in that market, particularly because the team has done a nice job weaving the brand into the local fabric of the culture. And two, there are a lot of learnings that we pick up from China that we replicate outside. And what -- some of the things you've seen recently relative to North America has actually been inspired by our success in the Chinese market. So just to wrap, it's -- China is still small for us, which I view is good news, because that means a significant upside, right? Still, total China business is about mid-single digits for the company. When you look at some of our peers and the Chinese penetration of their business relative to ours, that gives us still a great deal of runway. And I think we're nicely positioned despite some of the volatility that we're seeing.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Yes, we've been excited about the progress we've made in terms of bringing new customers, younger customers, higher basket size customers, less price-sensitive customers to the brand and also more balance between men and women. Paul, the headline thought is they actually buy a lineup that's pretty consistent with our historical customers. Probably the areas of differentiation are in sneakers, you would expect that, are in outerwear. We have the Polo Sport brand that we've relaunched and repositioned that is really getting fantastic traction with that younger customer. And they're obviously resonating really nicely with some of our innovation and product drops. You heard us give a few examples on some of what we're doing there. So I would say pretty consistent with some areas of strength, particularly tying actually to those high potential underdeveloped categories that we have recently been putting disproportionate emphasis on. All right. Well, listen, thanks to everyone for joining our call today. We look forward to sharing our full year and fourth quarter fiscal '22 results with you in late May, and then we'll have our Investor Day after that where we can provide you with perspective from a longer-term standpoint. Thank you for calling in. Stay safe, and have a great day.
Jane Nielsen: All right. So Michael, just as you called out, our third quarter is very encouraging to us from the margin expansion that we were able to achieve. And of course, it gives us confidence as we move into our next fiscal year. We're not guiding specifically. But I can tell you right now, we still feel that our mid-teens OI margin is the right long-term target for us. What I think you've seen us deliver is sequential progress along that growth, that's our mindset right now. And we are very clear-eyed about the challenges going into next year. I think we've stated that we still expect gross margin expansion to be a driver for us into next year, and our increased revenue growth is going to leverage SG&A to help us deliver EBIT margin expansion as we move into the long term. We'll have much more for you as we come out of the fourth quarter. We're planning an Investor Day to provide even more perspective, but that's the way we're thinking about it now.
Jane Nielsen: Of course. As I said, we were very pleased with our Q3 performance, and we're pleased that we've been able to raise our gross margin outlook again this quarter all in the context of comping last year's outsized gross margin gains that were primarily channel mix-driven, offsetting this year's supply chain and logistics pressures, and we're able to raise gross margin while still gaining momentum across all of our regions even on a pre-pandemic basis. So very encouraged. This holiday specifically, what drove our outsized performance was really our consumers, which shopped early and shopped at full price. So we got ahead of the curve on the holiday, and we maintained that momentum through the holiday without pulling significant promotional levers. We were much less promotional this year than we were last year. I think that's based on the desirability of our brand. We're seeing that in the consumer scores that Patrice mentioned and very strong reaction to our products. So very encouraging there. As we think about the long term, we really have multiple tailwinds to leverage. And again, given our view of the upcoming inflationary cycle, we feel well positioned to leverage them. First of all, there's the increasing desirability of our brand. Second, there's the new full-price consumer acquisitions that we're doing: bigger basket sizes, higher AUR purchasing. We also have some, I'd say, long-proven pricing capabilities across multiple levers. We don't just take a like-for-like pricing increase across the board. We really look at the competitive environment. We balance that with promotion, driving into personalization. All of those tools, we'll be leveraging into next year. Our product elevation and category migration is working and enhancing both our AUR and our gross margin, and we have favorable geographic and channel mix on our side. Now on the headwind side, we've been very clear that the magnitude of gross margin expansion in fiscal '23 will be tempered by cost inflation, especially raw materials costs, which we called out early last quarter, and we expect to be with us through the spring of '23. But this modest gross margin expansion combined with SG&A leverage is really what allows us to reiterate what I just said to Michael, which is we still believe our mid-teens guidance is the right guidance and sequentially improve. And finally, I can't talk about my confidence in gross margin without really calling out the agility and capability and passion of our teams. They've done a magnificent job managing through some challenging environments, and we know they're committed to doing that in the future.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Laurent, let me take the first part of your question. Yes, it was 700 basis points to full company and obviously much more significant to North America, and about 15 basis points -- 15-point impact in North America. As we move forward, when you think about the resets, we'll anniversary the department store exits this year along with the daigou reset as we come out of the fourth quarter. There will still be some pressure, notably in wholesale, because of our Chaps conversion to a licensed model. And that pressure point will be notable in North America in the fourth quarter. So it's important to look at those resets. The fourth quarter is meaningful. And then, of course, we lap out as a total company of Club Monaco as of June. But you're right to keep a look out, especially in North America on that reset impact in the fourth quarter.
Jane Nielsen: Great. Matt, just to answer the second part of your question, on what's changed since our last Investor Day when we had a low- to mid-single-digit growth algorithm. I would say the biggest change is that our business is now on a healthier base from which to grow. So at that time, we still had daigou that we had to address. We weren't to where we wanted to be strategically in off-price. We knew we had some wholesale cleanup to do, and that work is done. We also were very nascent in our pricing journey. So what's different today is that we have proven our pricing capabilities across all 3 regions. At the time, we had Asia that we had a good proof case in, Europe was sort of early innings on that journey and North America was still to come. We now have confidence across our regions. And I think that, that underscores what's different as we think about the future, that North America is now positioned for growth. That's probably -- that's the biggest driver. And it's all -- you can always go stronger and faster with a [3-piston] engine.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Erinn, thanks for the question. Taking a step back, we really expect our growth to come from AUR growth, as you noted, unit growth in targeted high-value areas. Over the past several years, we've been on a journey to restructure our business and really move away from low value, low AUR units and transition into higher value, higher AUR units. So our exiting of the lower wholesale doors, our licensing of Chaps, we really transitioned those units and are moving into units, like the elevated product assortments: sweaters, outerwear, sneakers, accessories, those denim, those higher-priced AUR units are where we are focused. As we look at North America, we're going to continue that journey. But we do see that we're growing units in our digital business. I think on our reset days, we'll be growing in -- we'll start to see some growth in the future in our wholesale business, especially as we've gained share, and we've had a couple of quarters of share gain in men's, kid's and women's, home and women's ready-to-wear. And we're very encouraged by the comp trends that we are seeing in our stores. And so we're confident about the future, but we're also confident in our strategy about growing units in high-value areas.
