Jacki Nemerov: What we’ve done is we’ve really looked at our overall structure, and what our plan was to consolidate our viewpoint of all three regions. So Europe and Asia had already had a consolidated approach between our retail business and our wholesale business. We decided that there was value in doing that in the Americas, and in looking at the overall business in the region between North America and now South Americas in that world, and to be able to really strategize our viewpoint in an omni channel way. So to really look across our wholesale businesses, our retail businesses and make the best decisions as to how we should move forward in the region, rather than with a more siloed approach that we had operated under. So the leadership of that is under Joy Herfel, who has spent 25 years in our company and ran our Polo and children’s businesses, and has obviously run our biggest and most profitable businesses within the company. Reporting to Joy is Kim Roy, who is Head of our U.S. Wholesale business, also a veteran of Ralph Lauren and has been with the company for 11 years. Has done an outstanding job in building the world of Lauren and Chaps and has great visibility during that time for the – to strengthen the balance of our wholesale division. And Kim is often running in her new role. We also promoted and expanded Don Baum’s role, who was Head of all of Manufacturing and Sourcing. We really saw great benefit in combining manufacturing sourcing with supply chain, and Don now has full oversight of that end-to-end seamless execution from beginning to the end of process from distribution out to our stores and our customers. And we believe that there will be great benefit overtime in the seamless and view of that organization. We’ve also had very strong success in our merchandizing organization by taking a global view in our product and our presentation worldwide. And led by David Rosenberg, we started with the consolidation in our men’s merchandizing world and now we are expanding that based on its success addressing SKU count and a more cohesive presentation around the world to the balance of our businesses. And that’s moving along quite well. Valerie in her new role is focused on our luxury opportunity. As you know, Valerie comes to us with tremendous experience. Spent her career in that sector, and we believe that there is great opportunity in building both our apparel and of course our accessory business under her leadership. In addition, we brought in Denise Incandela, who is now heading – came from Saks Fifth Avenue is now heading our online business. And we are very excited about having Denise on board, and the understanding of this space, both as a merchant and as a marketer, as you know she had the CMO role as well in Saks, and think there are many opportunities that we have not yet taken advantage of that Denise has really brought to the table. So, as we are looking at our entire organization and we are looking at the strength of that leadership and the past seven months that we’ve all been operating under this structure, we’ve already seen some very, very positive results. And our Polo brand is really built centrally designed, merchandized, marketed and then distributed in the regions, each taking that as a key centerpiece for what we believe the opportunities are going forward, both in Polo stores, Polo product expansion with women’s and clothing for men’s and of course with the exciting entry into the market of our new store on Fifth Avenue, which is expected to open at around Labor Day, and then of course the Ralph Lauren Restaurant that will follow that opening. So that kind of summarizes our leadership changes.
Jacki Nemerov: On Polo women’s, David, we’ll start to ship Polo women’s in mid-to-end August and the first impact will be in our retail stores over the Labor Day weekend, and in our wholesale customers approximately the same time. We are building beautiful shops as a backdrop for the Polo women’s brand. We have a lot of confidence in that opportunity, and feel that, as I said we can get relation to what we are doing in Polo men’s and which we’re fairly confident about that we can really grow that business and we’re really excited about our fall shipments for that brand. As it relates to American Living, as you know we had exclusively at J.C. Penny up until the time that they have their change in management. And for many reasons we decided to withdraw the brand from J.C. Penny. Interestingly, we had built it into quite a big successful volume brand for J.C. Penny and felt that it had that a great future and kind of put it on the sidelines until we could determine what the next opportunity might be. We had a great conversation with Macy’s and we decided that we would utilize the American Living brand in conjunction with their American Icon marketing strategy which incorporates Memorial Day into July 4 into Labor Day. And so we shipped the brand for beginning of April. And it has been a very exciting launch so far, and we are very, very pleased with the results. We have another concept package going in for holiday. And then I believe we’ll determine how we build the brand and opportunity from there. And that’s – as I said, it’s very early days at this point, but nice results.
Jacki Nemerov: On the accessory front, Liz, I think that we are pleased with our introduction, beginning in accessories in 2008 as that was not a core competence of the company, and we have made it one since in two critical areas, one being the luxury accessory business. And I think that over this last year, we’ve seen some great traction with the Ricky and continue to fuel that opportunity. We’ve also had some great success with our Lauren accessory business. And we are seeing very nice growth in that brand as well. So I would say that in our whole leather goods category, we’ve accomplished a 20% compound annual rate growth. So, look, we always hope for more, but we are pleased with where we are and we think we finally have put in the right foundations to continue to build from.
Jacki Nemerov: We’re excited also about our London opening on Regent Street for Polo, which we believe will set the tone for Polo in Europe.
Chris Peterson: The other thing I would say, Omar, to your question is that, as we’re – really a lot of these moves are meant to globalize the company. And it starts with an underpinning from a system standpoint which is what the SAP project is about, which is what the e-commerce re-platforming project is about. A lot of the management moves that we’re doing are taking multiple organizations that we had acquired over the years through license take-backs that operated in silos, and combining organizations so that instead of doing the same job three times or four times, we do it once. And over time, what we believe and what we’re already starting to see opportunity for is we think that’s going to lead to significant opportunity for cost leverage, which should result in SG&A leverage overtime as we get into the new structure and as we begin to leverage. It also should allow us to be more consistent as a brand across the world, and it should allow us to rollout faster new initiatives from an innovation standpoint. So we’re excited about it. I think we’re early days into sort of this globalization. And I think a lot of these themes are going to play out more fully when we get into fiscal ‘16 than in fiscal ‘15.
Chris Peterson: Okay. I’ll start with the factory channel. So in the fourth quarter, we saw actually very good growth in the factory channel in Europe and Asia. The U.S. factory business was down in the fourth quarter and that was because we saw traffic – again our fourth quarter is Jan through March, and the traffic trend that we experienced in the fourth quarter was down double-digits in traffic in that period, which had a significant impact in the company’s comps. The encouraging part of that is that in the first quarter, to-date, the first part of April and May, we’re already seeing the traffic trends reaccelerate in the U.S. to the factory outlet channel. So we’re seeing not the same trend that we saw in January-March in the U.S. market. From a longer term perspective on some of the margin trends going forward. I think you’re right that some of the things have different payback periods. So I would characterize if you wanted to parse it into two broad areas. The infrastructure investments that we’re making, whether it be SAP or the e-commerce platform, we’re likely to be in investment mode on an aggregate of those two things for a couple of years, because the e-commerce re-platforming is a two or three year project, where you’re investing before you turn on the new platform. On the flipside, the Polo investments that we’re making, whether it be women’s Polo or the flagship stores, the start of the rollout of new stores, we should start seeing and be able to report a much stronger progress on that as we get towards the end of this fiscal year, because we’ll have experience in the market when women’s Polo launches in the fall, and we’ll began to get some initial reads from the stores that we’re opening. So it’s too soon for us to say how all of that nets together from a fiscal ‘16 and beyond perspective externally, because we typically provide guidance one year out, but that’s a little bit of how we expect the underlying trends to play out.
Chris Peterson: So I guess on the operating margin. Let me start with fiscal ‘14 just to make sure we’re clear. So in fiscal ‘14, the primary driver of the operating margin being down in fiscal ‘14 versus the year ago was foreign exchange. So if you took out the impact of foreign exchange on our profitability, our earnings per share would be up double-digits in fiscal ‘14. In fiscal ‘15, I think we’ve provided perspective around the impacts of the investments, which together account for 200 basis points of the operating margin pressure, which the midpoint of our guidance range is down 100 basis points. So if you looked at the operating margin excluding those investments, the operating margin would be up 100 basis points in fiscal ‘15. As I mentioned on fiscal ‘16, there is going to be varying impacts of these investments, because they have different payback periods. And we’ll provide more color on that in our normal guidance pattern as we go forward.
Chris Peterson: Sure. So on the first question, I would say, yes. There was a little bit of shift in timing of the wholesale business. March and April are in a lot of cases viewed somewhat together. And so we do have a set of shipments that go out March 25. Some of those shipments went out a little bit early at the request of our customers, but it wasn’t a material impact. One of the key drivers of that is Easter. So I think it’s probably a fair comment that looking at the wholesale business on a rolling basis as opposed to a quarter-to-quarter basis is a more accurate – is a better reflection of the trends in that business. And you see that in our guidance for the first quarter where we had very strong wholesale shipments in the January-March period, but in the April to June period, we’re effectively guiding wholesale shipments about flat versus year ago. Over the six month period, it will be a very strong wholesale pick-up. On the top line for the total company, yes, we expect high-single-digits. I think 6% to 8% is consistent with that in my view. So there is really no change in our thinking there going forward.
Chris Peterson: So yes, I would say that the U.S. wholesale business continues to operate very strongly. If you look at the sell-out of the business and our customers, we continue to gain share consistently in that channel. I think the other encouraging thing in our wholesale segment results, is as we talked about at the last call, we had made a strategic pullback in shipments primarily in Southern Europe on the specialty store channel. We’ve now annualized that, and so we’re starting to see a return to strong wholesale growth in the European business as well. And so we had a double-digit increase in wholesale in the quarter in Europe as well. So I think the trends in our wholesale business broadly are very encouraging, and I think we expect them to continue. On the new initiatives, I think the 6% to 8% revenue growth is effectively organic growth in our view. There is no acquisitions in that. There is no foreign exchange in that. I think the women’s Polo impact during the year is going to be somewhat muted, because we’re launching in fall, so we’ll have a part year impact, and we’re replacing the Blue Label business. And so during the transition, I think we see opportunity, but I think we see even stronger opportunity as we begin to get into fiscal ‘16, as we really get behind the women’s Polo line, and as we open more freestanding Polo stores.
Chris Peterson: I’ll address the long-term revenue growth. So on the long-term revenue growth, I think our view is that we’d like to try to target high-single-digit growth, sort of on a continuous basis, but in any given year I think we want to be prepared for mid-single-digit growth. And a lot of it’s going to depend on the macroeconomic environment, the timing of initiatives, the timing of store openings. But I think our goal, if you will, is to try to be a consistent high-single-digit type of grower.
Chris Peterson: Yes. So I guess if I were to step back and talk about Europe for the year, we’ve pretty consistently grown our retail segment revenues in Europe, double-digits every quarter for the past year, but we saw wholesale really start to accelerate a little bit in the third quarter and then get to double-digits in the fourth quarter. And that’s what allowed us to translate into double-digit growth in Europe in the fourth quarter, with both, retail and the wholesale at that pace. I think we’re at a place where we expect that to continue in terms of revenue growth going forward in a strong way. If you look at the trends within the region, I think we’re seeing the U.K. is probably the strongest part of our business, the GDP has improved there markedly. I think we’re seeing Southern Europe stabilize. So it’s no longer going down, it’s not necessarily going up, but it’s stabilizing. And I think we’re seeing some strength in the Scandinavia region in Germany and some stability in France. The other encouraging trend that I would point to in Europe is that, as we’ve invested in resetting the brand image in Greater China, particularly with the opening of the men’s Prince’s flagship store and a number of the other luxury stores, we’re starting to see the Chinese tourist business in Europe increase at a significant rate, off of a low base, but we’re up very, very strong double-digits in terms of our business to Chinese tourists in Europe, which is helping to fuel the growth of that business right now. And we think as we open the Lee Gardens flagship store and increase the marketing and advertising spending behind Greater China, where we have a low awareness, we think that’s going to translate through both in Europe and in the U.S. business.
Chris Peterson: I think we see a big opportunity for full price stores in Europe. We’re in the middle of prioritizing locations around the world and we’re doing it on a global basis. I think, we think there is both in opportunity in Western Europe and we think there is an opportunity in Central and Eastern Europe and the Middle East for Polo stores. If you think about the allocation of that 100 to 200, I would expect that maybe we could have 20% to 30% of those stores in Europe over time.
Chris Peterson: All right. Well, thank you for joining us this morning. I think we’re pleased with the fourth quarter results that we have reported today I think. And we’re looking forward to coming out and talking more about it and following up with you. And please feel free to call Jim or myself with any additional questions. Thank you very much.
