Patrice Louvet: Okay, well listen good morning. We are indeed pleased with our continued momentum both in Europe and Asia. If you kind of step back and look what the key drivers were for the performance there, they really center around the work our teams have done on brand, product, and distribution, alright. So let's actually start with product. Our product is actually resonating well with the Asian and European consumers and our team has done a very good job balancing our offering between core, seasonal core, and seasonal fashion across all the channels as well as and this is important as we think through AUR plans as well as mixing into higher AUR categories like outerwear or fleece.  On the brand front it is actually I find really inspiring to see the work that our teams are doing to elevate the brand and connect with our target consumers whether that's an existing consumer group or the new generation that we want to bring into the family. That's probably most visible in the recent highly impactful activation that the teams have done around Wimbledon in Europe and actually in parts of Asia as well and the unique connections that we've built with the key celebrities and influencers in China for example.  And then on the distribution front our teams are elevating our presence in existing quality distribution points while expanding both online and you heard a few examples through our prepared remarks and in full price stores leveraging our new Polo boutique formats both in Europe and in Asia. And all of that is translating into what we are working to build in key cities which is this consumer centric eco system which means the consumer wherever he or she wants to shop. So those are I would say three key drivers that have supported the Asian and European performance.  As we look ahead we're actually really energized by the growth opportunities for the many years to come. If you just think about two simple data points right across Europe and Asia, first is we only have 36 full price stores across all of Europe. Once you benchmark that versus where the consumer opportunity is versus where the competitive set is significant growth opportunities. Second is China only represents today despite a good progress that the group has made there over the past few months, only represents 3.5% of our total global business. Again when you benchmark that with a number of our peers you get a good indication of the upside opportunities there. So were encouraged and excited about what's ahead in both Europe and Asia.  What's also really important is many of the success drivers that we're seeing in Europe and Asia actually were very relevant for us in the U.S. as we continue to work on stabilizing and pivoting this important market back to growth. And I think you've seen that we've made a number of organizational changes over the past few months that will enable us to rapidly leverage these learnings in North America.
Patrice Louvet: Sure, so listen as we look at the overall picture actually the U.S. consumer remains relatively healthy, right, in our space. But we have taken a slightly more cautious view of the retail environment for the year ahead. We continue to clearly see challenges with brick and mortar traffic like both full price and outlets including foreign tourist volatility. And our focus now is really to make sure we offset this through higher conversion and accelerated efforts in marketing across channels in North America. Probably three things I would call out here, the first one is taking steps to mitigate the brick and mortar traffic and the promotional headwinds, right.  So if you look at the factory channel in particular we have a number of interventions underway. One is making sure we've got the right product mix and improving our offering across all the price points including elevated products as well as having the right entry price points. Two is working on our store marketing and particularly the window signage which is very important for this business. And then also working on marketing outside of the center to bring people into the center. So we're partnering with the landlords and leveraging all their platform probably more than we've ever done to really activate traffic and bring traffic into the center.  And then we were also raising the bar in terms of quality and targeting of our e-mail marketing. We have a very strong database that we can leverage and we're getting a lot more precise in terms of the messaging for the specific target group. So the combination of those factors we believe will lead to an improvement. And then you heard Jane talk about targeted price increases as well, right, where we believe we have largely driven by what we think the consumer reaction will be but where we believe we have pricing opportunities versus competition driven by I think the brand elevation work that we've done over the past few years. And the resulting increased value to the consumer. So let's say that's first intervention.  Second intervention as we look to really control our destiny with DTC it is actually focusing on digital improvement. We were really pleased with the traffic performance in North America RalphLauren.com this quarter up a very healthy 20%. Alright, so we want to fuel that but we also want make sure we're also translating that into strong conversion. So a number of interventions underway here, investments in mobile, about two thirds of all of our transactions are in mobile so it's very clear that that's how the consumer wants to interact and we're investing in strengthening our mobile capabilities whether that's how the visuals show up, how quickly the downloads happen, and so on and so forth. But you'll see significant progress on this front. Investment and personalization which we know is highly effective and that's actually coming in on stream over the next few days and weeks. Working on our omnichannel capabilities, we are really connecting the website to our stores so recently we just launched find in-store which allows you to identify in your local store through the website what products are available, you can book appointments on our website for your local store, and so on and so forth. And then finally realigning as we talked in our prepared remarks our buys to be better balanced across core, seasonal core, and seasonal fashion. And then the other parts of controlling our destiny with DTC is the marketing activities that you've seen us do and you'll see us continue to do and accelerate in parallel with the increased investments and that's building exciting brand experiences with events like the upcoming U.S. Open, like limited editions we just dropped Polo Sport this past quarter which did very well both in denim and the silver edition. And then continuing to strengthen our connections and our activations of influencers and celebrities.  Then finally we are investing in kind of the store experience and also exploring new channels particularly in the digital front alright so new channels like [indiscernible] Rent the Runway we now have three of our brands on Rent the Runway; Lauren, Club Monocle, and more recently Polo Women's was launched on Rent the Runway and we're seeing very positive response, we're excited about progress we're making there. And obviously the whole social commerce platforms that are expanding across the country.  And then finally and this is a new thought, we've talked since we started the next chapter plan is really elevating our brick and mortar experience, investing in the overall store layout, in the lighting, in the fixtures, and in the overall experience we provide consumers both in wholesale, in factory, and in our full price stores. So the combination of these factors and this slightly more volatile environments give us confidence that we can continue to make progress in North America to stabilize the business and its growth.
Patrice Louvet: Sure, you will attack this one Jane. So yes our goal is to indeed get Greater China to $0.5 million in revenue. We're making good progress. Again this quarter Mainland China up 30%, Greater China up 12%, continuing to see a strong progress across both digital and brick and mortar. To your point on those different platforms, I mean our thinking is really six big cities [indiscernible] Shanghai, Beijing, Taipei, and Hong Kong. And we build omnichannel eco systems across all of these with both brick and mortar presence, some more iconic elevated presence, and some kind of hard working from the revenue productivity stand point with our new Polo Boutiques coupled with our work with pure players and we've got a really nice partnerships and momentum with JD, with Timor [ph] and with WeChat and then also some strong partnerships from the concession stand point. And we're continuing to drive where we are and expand.  So we expect from a brick and mortar standpoint to open about 40 stores this fiscal year so about one a week if you remove the holidays. And on our way to achieving what we talked about last year on Investor Day which is around 150 stores across Greater China and then we continue to invest in expanding our digital presence through existing platforms and new platform and take advantage of all the key events that are happening there. So, we participated in 618 recently and actually had strong performance across the board with our various partners on that whether that was team JD or others. And we're doing specific programs with WeChat. And just so in general we feel good about where we are relative to the guide path that we had laid out for ourselves on our way to $0.5 billion and we sometimes get the question are you seeing any changes with the consumer in China right now and the answer so far is no. But the brand continues to resonate well with consumers and we're actually pleased with the mix of consumers we're getting both from a gender standpoint men and women, pretty balanced and also from an age standpoint, we're bringing in a lot of young consumers into the franchise. 
Patrice Louvet: If I could just add, we were also reworking the different capabilities we have externally. So, indeed you have seen the work on media going from 12 agencies to 4, doing that across all social and digital as well. We are getting nothing but better and cheaper so better capabilities and lower cost.
Patrice Louvet: We expect marketing all to increase ahead of sales again this fiscal year as we work our way towards marketing investments representing about 5% of total revenue. 
Patrice Louvet: Alright, very good. Well listen, thanks to all of you for joining this morning and we look forward to our next call early November. Have a great day. 
Jane Nielsen: Sure, well as we look at pricing Michael we really see opportunities that we've called out in the past. So we continue to work on sharper promotion, we are continuing to move into better product and category mix, and a better balance of our merchandising assortment which is going to be favorable to pricing as we move forward. And then as you noted we called out that we have done competitive benchmarking and looked at select opportunities to take to get pricing in targeted and select areas. It is a part of our overall pricing approach and will really start to play out for us in the second half. But we've incorporated that into our guidance, we expect that our AUR journey will improve as we move into the second half while being cognizant that in North America with our efforts especially in the second quarter to move through some of our spring products, there will be a little more pressure on that AUR growth although we do expect overall AUR growth to improve more moderately in North America. 
Jane Nielsen: Yeah I think on North America comp I think we're seeing that there will be some pressure on the digital compass we move through the year from these international flows that we called out in this quarter. But in the second half we believe that on digital some of the investments that we're making in personalization and driving better mobile conversion will start -- you'll start to see those pay out in the back half. And then in terms of the overall bricks and mortar comp you will see some improvement as we move through the year, again part of that is AUR led and so it'll be back more weighted in the second half as we move into the layers of pricing that we talked about.
Jane Nielsen: Hey John I would just add that we were very pleased with our digital commerce this quarter in China and across Asia. It was up 26% so a real comp accelerator. We expect that dynamic to continue. We were also pleased with what we saw overall in terms of the comp acceleration that was coming from our newer Polo Boutique stores that Patrice called out notably in China which has been the focus of our new doors. So that is durable and we're encouraged by that continued momentum. 
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, John what we've seen in Europe and let me just give you the component pieces, we still see the underlying trends for your wholesale as about mid single-digit. There are obviously some shipment timing that goes on in Europe but we've been talking about that as the underlying trend and we see that as sort of the ongoing underlying trend for Europe wholesale. On the bricks and mortar side you've seen us have a pretty steady positive comp. We'd expect that to continue especially as we are overlapping the investments that we made in our factory outlet channel. That overlap will start to -- the benefit of that overlap with the investments that we made in inventory will start to tail off in the second half as we anniversary that but we're still encouraged by our bricks and mortar comp in Europe. And then as we anniversary the replatform of our digital site in Europe the first half will be stronger than the second half as we anniversaried that overlap but positive trends in Europe in e-commerce.
Jane Nielsen: Sure, so Kate as we look to FY20 we do expect that the DC consolidation is going to be durable throughout this year in terms of the benefit that we got from consolidating those in addition to the activities that allowed which was inventory consolidation. So that will continue and are procurement work on indirect expenses is also durable through the year. So we take on obviously the largest vendor contracts first but we are systematically moving through nearly all of our indirect vendor renegotiations and those are paced through the year as those contracts expire and are renewed. So you can expect to see that continue through the year. And supply chain efficiencies that we are working with our wholesale partners on should also be positive as we move through the years. So not only just repacking our product, using cross stock activities but also some of the work that we called out on product suppliers where we can make products more sustainable and more cost advantaged is ongoing work.  In terms of and also just organizational agility, based on some of the work that we've called out recently that we've done to simplify our organization you'll see some of that come through the payroll benefits as we move through the year notably in divisional cost structures and headquarter cost structures. Our work in terms of our headquarter consolidation is going well. You will not see that impact come through the financials until FY21. This is the year as we move that we do have some double rent expenses but you will see that be a durable benefit as we move through and we're very pleased with the supply chain consolidation. I'd say it's right on track with our expectations.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, so let me take your gross margin progression. We still -- as we've maintained our guidance and we still expect about half to come from gross margin expansion for the full year and about half to come from SG&A leverage again for the full year. As we look at the second quarter Laurent I see more, about two thirds of the operating margin expansion will come from gross margin expansion and about a third from SG&A leverage. So that's how you can think about the quarter.  In terms of marketing expenses as we move through the year we had a strong first quarter and I would expect that second quarter will be slightly less robust in terms of marketing expansion as we anniversary a lot of our 50th anniversary activities. You'll see some leverage from marketing in the second quarter but then you'll see marketing growth in the third and fourth quarter. 
Jane Nielsen: So in terms of digital progress as we talked we're very pleased with what we're seeing in Asia and the benefit that we've had from our replatforming in Europe and the growth of those markets. We are investing in North America. I think Patrice call highlighted some of the pressures from international and we expect those benefits to start to play out in the second half and we're encouraged by that. In terms of our AUR are progression on digital, a) our digital AURs will really follow what we're putting in place across all of DTC and so the second half as we take some targeted pricing will be more robust than the first half. And the first half is weighted by clearing out of some of our spring product. But you'll see those promotion and list prices go into effect more in the second half.
Jane Nielsen: Starting in the second half you will see inventory that's closer aligned with our sales. We are trying to be quite flexible Dana as we manage BREXIT implications as well as China duty implications. And so we're going to be opportunistic as we were in this quarter and we accelerated some inventory into North America. So we're going to -- we're going to remain flexible on that but I think that as we move forward you will see inventory more closely aligned to sales. 
