Patrice Louvet: Hi. Good morning Paul. Thanks for your question. The first thing I really want to say is, I am really proud of the way our teams executed this quarter because, as you mentioned, we were able to exceeded expectations while dealing with a wide range of challenges from tariffs, the Hong Kong situation, the Brexit uncertainty and the further acceleration of our supply chain moves. This coupled with the organizational changes that we talked about over the past few months really gives us confidence that we should just continue to running the play through our next great chapter plan, obviously with a higher degree of agility that's required in today's context. On the specific drivers of this quarter's performance that we believe are sustainable, there is probably four I would call out. The first one is the fact that we are seeing brand momentum both with new consumers and with current consumers and we have had, I think as you have heard during our prepared remarks, a number of high impact marketing activities during the quarter. One I would highlight is the application we did on Wimbledon globally through celebrities and influencers around the world. Second driver is product, right. I think we have seen this quarter is the beginning of a better balance between core, seasonal core and fashion product, coupled with exciting growth in outerwear as we go into the holiday season. Third area is distribution. And one of our big priorities is to continue to elevate the brand presence, the shopping experience for consumers wherever they shop, be that in brick-and-mortar or in digital. And we are also continuing to expand both in Europe and Asia and have significant growth opportunities moving forward in those two regions. And the final point is, while we are investing behind all these initiatives, we are continuing to drive operating efficiencies and cost discipline. Now specifically to your question on North America. We were very pleased with the comp performance this quarter of 2%. The key thing I would highlight here is the during progress we made in our full price stores were the result of marketing and really bringing consumers into the store, the result of engagements with our VIPs and the change we made in our compensation structure to really drive a total team push in our respective stores has really played out very nicely. We are also encouraged by the progress we are making on our website, particularly with domestic consumers and also continued to see good progress in our factory outlets.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So we had a number of things that kicked in, in the quarter and we continue to see it raise the bar, right. So for me, it's a continued journey. First intervention is the mobile dimension which you touched on. So optimizing the mobile experience through both better site navigation and better search functionality. The second piece is, we launched Apple Pay, right. And we want make sure that we have all the payment approaches that our target consumers want to use. The third area is, as we looked at our email segmentation, we were more precise in our email targeting and so we are seeing some benefits from that and I expect that to actually strengthen over time. And then the last one, which is important because we want to make sure we provide great customer service, we moved to actually 24/4 customer service call support during this quarter and obviously we are going to continue to do that. And then as you look at the next phases of capability that we are building on the site, continuing to build out the mobile functionality, personalization, big focus areas for us. And then the whole connected retail piece, whether it's buy online, find in store and buy online store, pickup in store. So those have been drivers that have helped our business this past quarter. The progress was, remember last time we talked about how there is a bifurcation between our domestic consumers and our international business. So our domestic consumer progress was solid this quarter. Our international business continues to be pressured because of the foreign exchange dynamics and because of the import restrictions, particularly in China and in Korea.
Patrice Louvet: And then on the channel play. So listen, we have a very simple principle. We want to be where the consumer wants to shop us. And it's clear that there is new model that consumers are excited about where we want to play. So rental, subscription, retail, all right. So on rental, I think we have actually been on rental runway for several months. We just started on Nuuly. We are excited about that. And there are other platforms that we are looking at. Initial results are quite encouraging. So very early days, but encouraged by the progress. Subscription, whether that's Stitch Fix or Trunk Club, are also performing well for us and we want make sure we are there and we play to win there. And then we are starting on retail. We had an activity with Depop in the U.K. where results were quite encouraging. And obviously given the nature of our brand, timelessness, basically more style driven than seasonal fashion driven, more focus on quality, we think we are actually very well-positioned to play to win in that segment. Listen, your crystal ball is going to be as good as mine, Dana, on this one in terms of what share of the business it will be down the road. The consumer, I think, will tell us that based on their behaviors and the services that we can offer. But our mindset is, we want to build an ecosystem that's consumer centric and within that ecosystem wholesale still has a very important to play, both brick-and-mortar and.com. And so we want make sure we are where the consumer expects us to be. We are well set up for success in those channels where the brand can show up in the right way as well as in the developing new channels. I think the key thing from me here and I am very proud of the work that the teams are doing here, is the agility that the organization is demonstrating because typically we wouldn't necessarily be as nimble on some of these new opportunities. And I think there has been a lot of wonderful work done internally to take advantage of these opportunities and to have a bit of a first-mover advantage on some of them.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you Rick. Well, listen, first of all, our end goal is one-to-one marketing, right. I mean that's where we want to go. Now that's probably a few years away still. But that's certainly the personalization journey we are on across all elements of our marketing. So you will see, no, we are not going to get down to quarter-by-quarter specifics on this, but you will see us continue to increase personalization focused both mobile, on our site and in our email activities, so that the page that you get when you sign on to our site is dramatically different than the page that I get when I sign on. That will not be done at the expense of overall brand-building activities like our shows, like our partnerships with sports, like our limited editions. But it's really about being more efficient in the way we spend our money. And I think what we will find with personalization is actually we will be able to be a lot more effective and efficient with each dollar being spent. We are still on the trajectory to get to 5% of sales expense in marketing by the end of the five-year phase. We expect marketing to continue to grow ahead of revenue this year as well, just like we had over the past two fiscal years. So think of us playing across the pallet of marketing tools, but indeed with a deliberate focus on ultimately getting to one-to-one marketing.
Patrice Louvet: All right. Well listen, thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our third quarter fiscal 2020 results with you in early February. And in the meantime, have a great day.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. I would say, Paul, that we were really pleased with Q2 and our ability to maintain our fiscal 2020 guidance. As we look at some of the headwinds that we named, from Hong Kong to tariffs to Brexit, it's about $0.25 to $0.30 to EPS. And what we have really been able to do is to have our teams react in a very agile fashion and what we are seeing is that continued momentum on AUR, plus our brick-and-mortar conversion improvements that we are seeing in our stores, notably in North America and continued strong performance across Europe and Asia are what's enabling us to hold our overall operating margin guidance and our revenue guidance through the year. So really proud of the teams. And we see those drivers as durable throughout the rest of this year.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. In terms of the first part of your questions, which is U.S. price increases, we are still in early days. As you will recall, Michael, we set first tranche of prices in late September, early October. While it's too soon to call, we are encouraged by what we saw through back to school and through the early days of the work that. So that is sort of guiding our own guidance for AUR growth in the low single digit range for the full year and an increase in AUR as we move through the back half. While we anticipate some headwinds in third quarter from an OI margin perspective, we still are guiding and maintaining our guidance for OI expansion for the fiscal year, which puts us in line for continued operating margin expansion through the course of our next great chapter plan. As we laid out the guidance, we knew that some things would respond better than others. With their puts and takes we are certainly encouraged right now by our gross margin progress that we are making. And then other things would take longer to turn like North America wholesale. We are just really focused on our pressure areas, the Lauren brand, the Polo brand is performing in wholesale. Were back to investing in marketing with our wholesale partners and are really focused on sell-out in that channel. That will be the ultimate metric pf performance in that channel. And so we still feel good as we look to our five-year guidance with that mid-teens operating margin target that we laid out over a year-and-a-half ago.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So let me lay out what happened in this quarter first because I think it provides good context to the back half of the year. As I look at pricing, promotion management and assorting in to higher AUR and gross margin overall product, that is a little over half of the benefit that we saw from gross margin expansion. We also got some benefits from channel and geographic mix. As you know, we expect those to be durable through the course of the plan with greater and lesser puts and takes. And obviously, we called out the pressure points from FX and some ongoing tariff benefits, which is small today based on the tariffs that were enacted in Q2, but we expect to be the biggest point of increasing pressure as we move through the back half of the year. Now counterbalancing that as we move into the back half, we expect that some of our pricing actions will start to kick in. And we go in with tighter inventory positions and edited but improving assortments that should improve our excess positions as we move through the back half of the year. So an encouraging start, a little ahead of where we thought we would be but a driver through the remainder of FY 2020.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. A multi-part question. All right. Let me start with the first part which is what's embedded in our back half outlook for North America wholesale. We don't guide regions and certainly not channels but I can tell you, Ike, that what we see today with our sell-out trends down mid to high single digits, we are expecting that to continue through the back half of this year. We are focused on our sell-out trends. We believe that we will be making some edits into the spring that will be better. But until we have better sell-out trends, that's our expectations for the revenue that we will report which is sell-in and so that's our expectation and that's embedded in the back half of the year. Always working to improve and we think that you will start to see that as we maintain a new leadership set but that will be closer to the start of our next fiscal. If you think about the color on overall North America off-price, this quarter off-price, especially in North America, was essentially about flattish. We had a pullback in some of our cut it business that we, in order to keep our inventories clean, had some flow of overall excess. I expect that that trend, as we use it as an excess channel, it will be a little choppy as we move through the back half of the year. And then on Q2 and back half European digital trends, we did in preparation for holiday accelerate a little bit of shipments into Q2 to one of our larger customers and that we expect that for fiscal 2020 digital comps will be at a more normalized level following last year's replatforming in the second half. But the total ecosystem will be a low double digit comp for the year.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. I would just add that we expect that some of that international pressure will continue through the balance of this year.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Dana, why don't I start on Hong Kong and then I will turn it over to Patrice. So as we look at Hong Kong this quarter, it was about a three point pressure to overall Asia comp. As we look forward to Q3, we are expecting that pressure to accelerate and it will be about four to five points of negative impact on Asia comp as we move forward. We have seen like many others, the tourist falloff has accelerated and door closures due to protest, we don't expect to improve. And it's embedded in our guidance for Q3.
