Stefan Larsson: Thanks, Omar. Yes, you've covered basically the agenda for the Investor Day. So I'm sorry to disappoint you to refer the detailed answer to your question will have to wait until the Investor Day on June 7. What I can say is that we have made progress in assessing and knowing exactly where we stand as a business and we feel really confident in that we have the strategy to build the company back to a high performance. And part of that will be simplicity because simplicity and focus is, as I shared last quarterly call, something that I believe in and I also believe in building on the core of what's made us great and that's what the strategy is going to be built on.
Stefan Larsson: Hey. Thanks, Lindsay. I'll go first. It's Stefan. Yes, so the work to evolve the products will be tightly connected with the work of strengthening our underlying business engine; one being the supply chain. So your question is very relevant. We will address it in detail on June 7, but we have a clear path to how we're going to evolve the product and how we're going to connect that with improvement in supply chain. And I can give high-level thoughts on supply chain, which is that I see big opportunities to start there and in two areas, both inventory management part and the lead time part. So in essence, I see opportunities to sell more with less inventory and I also see an opportunity to drastically increase our speed and our flexibility. So that will help us when we evolve the consumer-facing offering.
Stefan Larsson: Yes, just to complement on what Bob just said, when it comes to rightsizing the cost structure, it's something that we have spent a lot of time on over the last few months and we see big opportunities there. So we're looking at every component of the cost structure. We'd go through it and share with you on the Investor Day.
Stefan Larsson: Thanks, Matt. Good question. So when it comes to the U.S. market where it's clear that we have been under the most pressure, my focus is to get back to high performance in the U.S. wholesale channel. So that's to start with. It's our main focus, working very closely with our big customers and feel confident that we have a plan to get back to strength. In parallel with that, we are expanding our direct-to-consumer channels, and out of those channels, the e-commerce is by far the most important to get back to strength and high performance. And overall when it comes to the channels in the U.S., we are working to make sure that we secure the high-quality distribution, right balance in the distribution between the different channels, and we'll come back and give you more details in June.
Stefan Larsson: Yes. So thanks, Chris. Good question. So when I sit down and spend time with our wholesale partners, they start with how much they respect the Ralph Lauren brand and how important that brand is to them and their consumers. So that's where we start, and then given the nature of how I lead, I ask a lot of questions of how we can build on that strength and how we can evolve our offering and how we can make sure that we start to drive high performance again, which we have done for many, many years. And they are very confident in evolving our products, evolving our marketing, evolving our shopping experience and combining that, when I share how we are planning to high level strengthen our underlying business engines, they get really excited and they want to be a part of that journey. And I see them as an intricate part in evolving the business engines, and I'm excited to do this journey together with them.
Stefan Larsson: Thanks, David. So when it comes to pricing, I believe that we're in a world where the consumer decides today. So charging (32:58) a premium pricing comes back to having the best products, and that's what our strategy is focused on, to go back to the core of who we are and where we come from and evolve that and make it current for today and have better authentic style, better quality and be more relevant, and that connects to the pricing. And when it comes to the actual product strategy, I look forward to sharing that more in detail when we see each other in June.
Stefan Larsson: Yes. Thanks, Laurent. So starting with the brand groups and the global brand teams so I spent many, many hours over the last three months together with the global brand teams and they are more important than ever before because the teams there they create global consumer offering. They create the design of the products, and do the overall inventory management and the planning and connects to the supply chain team. So they drive the core value creating engine. And when it comes to Valerie's expanded role, I'm expanding her role because I want to leverage her experience of commercializing design and driving high performance out of creativity. So the brand teams are doing great. I look forward to again sharing the details in June and how the different brand teams relate to each other.
Stefan Larsson: Yes. John, again, sorry to disappoint you. The in-depth sharing of this we'll have to wait until June, but higher level I'm very excited when it comes to unlocking supply chain capabilities. And getting to know the business the way I've done over the last months and getting to know how our customers work, I see big opportunities in implementing a lot of the same best practice. And also excited by seeing that our wholesale partners are very excited and willing to dive into improving the supply chain together with us.
Stefan Larsson: Rick, thanks for the question. Having had the chance to dive deeper into the company, I'm impressed by the capability when it comes to the infrastructure. So far it's the strongest I've seen so I feel from a business strategy and execution of the strategies we have set up, the capabilities are going to enable us to do that in a way that I haven't seen before in any of the companies I've been working out. So I'm excited that we have that foundation of infrastructure in place and that will just speed up our implementation of the strategy because the core elements of the strategy are not necessarily capital-intensive. It's about a methodology. It's about how we approach the business, how we evolve the consumer offering, how we get the business engines, the underlying engines to go, how we get the cost structure to be right sized and how we strengthen the leadership team continuously. So very pleased.
Stefan Larsson: A couple of thoughts on that high level and then again June 7 in detail, I'd love to share that with you, but high level, we see opportunities when it comes to evolving the strength of the products. One area is developing a systematic repeatable way of how we create assortment and we'll go through that in detail in June. But I see definitely value unlock there in terms of gross margin expansion. Also when it comes to the demand driven supply chain, so when it comes to being more balanced in making sure that the inventory we plan and buy, that that matches with the consumer demand. And then thirdly, I'm excited to bring Holiday (39:20) in with her sourcing expertise and her sourcing experience because I know firsthand that she brings best-in-class, best in industry sourcing capabilities and she will have to have a few months of learning the business and then she will start to unlock gross margin dollars there as well.
Robert L. Madore: Hi, Lindsay, it's Bob, and I'll take the question around the price increases. We're very pleased with the price increases that we've taken in the major markets where we experienced FX headwinds, mainly Japan, Australia, Canada and Europe. And as an example of that, for instance, our European business revenues grew mid-single digits in the fourth quarter, and we plan to maintain the price increases that we've implemented across all those countries. As another example of the acceptance by the consumer, within our Asian business we've seen a significant improvement in our quality of sale metrics. Our gross profit percentage has increased, our average unit retails have gone up, we've seen an improvement in our comp gross margin dollar, so overall, as I said, we're very pleased and we're going to maintain those increases going forward.
Robert L. Madore: Yes. Michael, I'll take that one actually. I think that general guidance still holds, and I apologize for this, but we'll be able to give much more specific guidance at our Investor Day on June 7. We think it's really important to provide a complete view of our strategic plan and the financial targets that are tied to the plan together. So I'm going to have to ask you to be patient and wait until June 7 Investor Day.
Robert L. Madore: And I'll add one other thing, too. Just as a reminder, and we mentioned it in our opening remarks that we did take restructuring actions within fiscal 2016, and as we've noted, that's going to drive approximately $125 million of savings. That $125 million savings number is in excess of the previously communicated $110 million, really because towards the end of the fourth quarter we did take additional restructuring actions and activities that drove the increased savings number.
Robert L. Madore: Yes, hi, Kate. It's Bob. I'll take that question. So for the fiscal year, we actually closed approximately 43 stores. Part of that was incorporated within the restructuring charge activities and some of it was just natural lease expirations and stores that just didn't fit our strategic portfolio or plan. From a rebalancing perspective, our RLS or Ralph Lauren portfolio between full-price stores and Polo stores, we had identified roughly 40% of the fleet that was essentially positioned more towards Polo. We started to undertake conversion of some of those stores to standalone Polo stores versus a hybrid of Ralph Lauren and Polo, and that'll be done over a period of time. These aren't going to incorporate major remodel activities. These are signage changes, an element of minor remodel activity, et cetera, and we've probably touched about 15% of that portfolio thus far with the remainder to be done over the next year, 18 months.
