Patrice Louvet: Sure. Well, thanks for your question. First and foremost, our strength comes from our teams and their incredible dedication, resilience and agility have fueled our progress in -- during these challenging times. Our team's engagement, coupled with a laser focus on strategic priorities and also proactively reducing our exposure to the most structurally challenged parts of our businesses, leads me to actually have great confidence that right now, the fundamentals of the company are actually stronger than when we came into this crisis. Let me elaborate on both areas. First, the strategic growth areas, and then I'll talk about how we're tackling the structural headwinds for the company. So, strategic growth focus area is really centered on elevating our brand, right? We have one of the best brands in the world at hector resiliency and authentic consumer connection during COVID. Our latest read on purchase intent over the past six months since the crisis started indicates actually our purchase intent, our brand consideration scores are up versus pre-crisis. Second point is accelerating digital growth and profitability, right? We've been adding connected retail functionality. We've driven a great focus on personalization in the interaction with our customers and also a strong drive on quality of sales. The third area is recruiting high-quality new consumers, bringing in consumers who buy at higher prices and are really at the sweet spot of our general targeting. And we also saw very strong consumer growth on ralphlauren.com over the past quarter versus prior year. Fourth area is driving high potential underdeveloped markets and categories, namely China, outerwear, and home. And then finally, it's realigning our organization and cost structure to support our future growth and deliver for the numbers we announced a few weeks ago, at least $180 million of savings. So, those are the strategic growth focus areas. And then we're really tackling head on the most challenging areas of the business, and I'll quote the top three. One is our North America brick-and-mortar wholesale presence; the second is our off-price penetration; and the third is the underperformance of our non-core brands. So we closed another 200 underperforming North America Wholesale doors over the past few months. If you step back a little bit, Omar, and you look at the past three-year time frame, we've basically reduced our North America Wholesale brick-and-mortar presence by over 50%. We closed more than 50% of our doors. We also continued to reduce the penetration of off-price in our business, significantly this past quarter. Likewise, to step back and look at the past three year focus and progress, we've reduced the penetration of our off-price business by more than half. And then finally, you heard in our prepared remarks the fact that we are transitioning the Chaps brand, which is roughly $200 million in revenue to a value-accretive, fully-licensed model. So although, we recognize we're still operating in a highly volatile environment and clearly yesterday's new restrictions in Europe are unfortunately a good reminder of this and we will need to continue to manage with agility as we have since the beginning of this pandemic as we kind of work through it. We are focused on strategically positioning the company for long-term growth and value creation. Specifically, Omar to your question on the organization reshaping work that we announced a few weeks ago. So it fits perfectly into the strategic focus areas that we have called out. We really looked ahead and said, okay, next three to five years, what are the key growth areas for the company? What are the key capabilities that we need to succeed? And how do we align our organization structure, our ways of working, our investment levels to make sure that we're taking advantage of all these growth factors. And so what you've seen through our announcement for the reshaping work is a reflection of that. And also, of course, the adjustment of our cost structure to reflect the -- where the business is today and where, again, we want to allocate our resources.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Good morning, Matt. Well, on the brand performance, and we don't get into the specific by brand. But what I can tell you is the bigger parts of the company is the Polo brand, and that is the part of the company that has the strongest progression rates. On the other parts of the portfolio, some of which are work-in-progress like the work that we've been doing on Lauren over the past year. We're feeling good about the pivots that have been made on product, the pivots that have been made on marketing and encouraged by the progress that we're seeing across the channels. The same is true for our luxury labels, purple label and collection and RRL [ph].
Patrice Louvet: So speed has been the real focus area for us. I'm glad you called it out Dana. And now we're at a stage where more than 25% of our business is on less than three month lead times. Whereas last year, if you'd ask me what that number was, it would have been low single digits. So tremendous progress from our GMMs team to build capabilities with our suppliers to move a lot faster, we're really looking at three, six, nine month blocks. But what you can expect from us is a continued acceleration of the pace. We have a project that the team developed recently as part of our vote campaign that was actually achieved in a matter of days, not even months, not even weeks, but a matter of days, which gives me a lot of confidence that we're continuing to build the capabilities that will enable us to be incredibly reactive, which obviously, in this environment is critical, give us the ability to chase even further, which again is critical in this environment. So Dana, I suspect a year from now when we sit down together and look at our rate of development that we – you will continue to see very strong progress on speed for the company.
Patrice Louvet: That's a very good question, John. And it's very top of mind for us. That's why all the focus -- let's focus on digital, first and foremost. All our focus on ralphlauren.com is about brand elevation, but enhancing the experience and it's about step changing the profitability. Because anyone can grow dot com operations aggressively at no profit, right? But that's not the game we're in, or the game we're in is ralphlauren.com needs to be accretive to the region from a profitability standpoint. We have achieved that in Asia. We have achieved that in Europe, and we're on our way to achieving that in North America. You saw from our prepared remarks, our margin this past quarter in ralphlauren.com US is up 1,500 basis points, which is a massive growth. And our objective is to make sure that we're excited about moving consumers to that channel and recruiting consumers into that channel, because it will be accretive to the profitability of the region. So we're working on both making sure we're bringing in high-value customers and also have the right AUR, gross margin, SG&A structure to support that moving forward, because you're right that the direction of travel for this company is more direct to consumer in terms of split by channel, and we're keen to make sure that the profitability structure follows that.
Patrice Louvet: And on your European wholesale question, I think, what we've seen is actually encouraging progress on our partners, both wholesale kind of brick and click and also pure players. And as you know, we have a very strong pure player business in Europe. The recent flare-ups happened yesterday. So I don't know that, that's been reflected in the numbers yet. And, obviously, we approach this with a good level of caution, but we were encouraged with what we – the response we were getting to our product portfolio from our European wholesale partners for spring 2021.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So, Adrienne, on the consumer front, we're actually very excited about the response we're seeing from millennials/Gen Z consumers. As you know, we have very deliberate actions to appeal to that customer group, whether that's where we show up from a media standpoint, whether that's the type of activity that we have, like our pretty special Bitmoji program, or whether that's the type of influencer that we partner with. But what we have seen in terms of next-generation performance over the past two quarters, there's actually significant progress within the customer base below the age of 35, basically across all three regions. Now you would expect that in China, because a big chunk of population is there, but we're also seeing that actually in Europe and in North America. So with the tracking that we now do, we – I think we've got much greater visibility to that, encouraged by the traction. And obviously, we'll continue to fuel it. And you saw in our earnings release that we intend to increase our marketing spending in the back half, so Q3, Q4, plus 10% versus last year, a good deal of the activities that will be funded are specifically targeted at the millennial Gen Z population.
Patrice Louvet: Well, listen, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our third quarter fiscal '21 results with you in February. And in the meantime, stay safe, and have a great day.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Matt from a second half perspective, here is what we were encouraged by in the quarter. We were really encouraged by the progress we saw from Q1 to Q2. Now as we think about the future, there is a high degree of uncertainty surrounding the second wave shutdowns. In our assessment, this is the biggest potential impact to second half recovery and is why we continue to plan around a number of demand scenarios. We're, obviously, encouraged by the recovery in the Chinese Mainland, getting back to pre-COVID levels of growth, but are cautious given the announcements of what we saw in Europe, particularly in France and Germany, and it's the rising case count in North America. Given the current dynamics, we're not guiding for when we will return to pre-COVID levels. We're looking at trends in terms of the challenges in bricks-and-mortar traffic, the tourism trends that will take longer to recover. And the work that Patrice referenced, which is our proactive cleanup of North America distribution, notably in wholesale and in off-price wholesale. And from a timing perspective, obviously, we expected this point that recovery will continue to be led by Asia, followed by Europe and North America, subject to second wave. So we continue - I think our teams continue to manage agilely through this. We think it's prudent not to give guidance given what's happening in the marketplace today, but we are managing what we can control through the second half. And that's price, AUR, gross margin expense.
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Ike. So we're not guiding to specific gross margins by quarter, but I can tell you that we do expect expansion in gross margin as we move through the second half. And I believe that our drivers are durable in the third and fourth quarter. And we're very much encouraged by the progress we've made, albeit, I do expect that gross margin expansion is not going to be at the pace that you saw in the first half. In terms of the pacing of wholesale, what we've said is we do expect, given what we see today in terms of the environment that spring 2021 will continue to improve from where we're at today. We know that fall 2020 was constrained by our proactive inventory management, with inventories down 40% in North America wholesale. We do expect this spring sell-in to improve sequentially, but this is going to be a paced recovery. And obviously, our wholesale partners are watching what's happening in North America as carefully as we are. So there's still a bit of uncertainty in that environment, but that's our expectation.
Jane Nielsen: And the primary benefit of this – from a gross margin standpoint is the reduction of excess and a reduction in vendor allowances and NRV, as we're able to re-demand closer and fulfill demand and fulfill product closer to reading demand, and that should be durable as we improve our reaction times.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. We are working hard on the margins. As I look at the actions that we announced and the combination of work that's in progress, such as the Chaps operating model, which you will see the benefit of the org reshaping work largely in fiscal 2022. And as we called out, that will be a gross savings of $180 million to $200 million. The benefit of the Chaps, while much smaller in magnitude would occur post transition in August. And then the work that we're doing on continuing ground portfolio valuation and real estate would likely flow through in fiscal 2022, but closer to year-end in fiscal 2022. In terms of -- we are focused on margin right now. Some of these actions like moving Chaps to a wholesale model will be helpful from a profitability standpoint. But obviously, as you shift to a license model, I'm sorry, that compresses your total dollars of revenue. We factored that into our thinking and are really focused on getting our -- focusing on our operating profitability. We're not guiding to sort of a time of recovery to pre-2019 levels. There's too much uncertainty out there, but that is certainly our long-term mind set.
Jane Nielsen: And we expect to close this year achieving the goal of having digital be accretive to the region in every region that we operate in and exceeding in North America are our Wholesale margins. So that's a big accomplishment.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. I think what we're seeing now is that in -- from our order shaping work, we're going to flow through substantial -- the majority of that through to the bottom line, understanding that we will be making in -- some investments in to accelerate into growth, but I think that as you think about your model, the majority of that will flow through.
Jane Nielsen: So we saw fairly similar traffic patterns in Europe and North America to our brick-and-mortar stores. China encouraging returned to pre-COVID levels of traffic and really led across Asia. And – but we're encouraged by the trajectory we're seeing at, especially by our largest market in Japan that continues to recover following the second wave.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. In terms of our outlook for Wholesale Spring '21. We know that our inventory positions will be better. That's what we can control. Obviously, demand is -- remains the biggest uncertainty, but we're encouraged by the conversations that we've had with our wholesale partners thus far.
