Roger N. Farah: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter results that we are reporting today continue to demonstrate the resilience of our diversified operating model. Despite an uneven global operating environment, we planned the business prudently and continued to make significant investments in our long-term growth objectives and in the infrastructure to support them. Ralph and I are proud of our team's accomplishments, especially since we made important progress on several of our key initiatives during the quarter. We expect our recent investments in new stores, e-commerce operations and international expansion to continue to accelerate sales and profit momentum in the second half of the year. And we are confident that the investments we are making today can support profitable, sustained growth for us over the long-term. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris, who will provide some operational and financial perspectives on the first quarter.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. So, Omar, I'll try that, and then Jacki and Chris can chime in if they want to add. I think you're right, in the last couple of quarters, for various discrete reasons, we've had the results as you commented. While we delivered the plan for the first quarter, I would say that spring/summer was a bit choppy in terms of overall trends in the apparel market. On a regional basis, it was interesting because it was pretty good in the U.S., actually better than expected in Europe, with Asia being down. And that was really a combination of strong results in the early days of China and Southeast Asia, but weaker results in Japan and Korea. Some of that being FX, some of that really being the shop-in-shop businesses that dominate both Korea and Japan. And I think those 2 markets and the department store distribution network in them experienced contractions. And so really, it was a series of different results around the globe. As we head into fall and holiday, we feel good about the product early reads, and I know it's early for fall, have been good. We're seeing the strengthening of key markets in Europe. We've had some good wholesale pre-books in Europe beginning to flatten out and then grow the forward bookings after several seasons of contractions there. We've got some strong product initiatives as Jacki articulated. And so we're feeling like, in the go-forward business, we'll have less of the one-offs that we've experienced, plus the addition of Chaps for Men's, plus the addition of Australia, plus the launching of some of these e-commerce sites where we've been carrying the expenses and haven't gotten the revenues. And lastly, and this is true for most people with businesses here in the U.S., we're going against the effects of Sandy, which did impact part of the fall season last year. So for lots of reasons, the underlying trends of the last quarter with the Easter shift, which is sort of unique to us because of the way it splits between March and April, and some of the FX, we delivered the plan perhaps not as much as we had hoped but I think we're encouraged about fall and beyond.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Kate, well, you know I love detail so I'm glad you asked. I would start by just giving you a sense of the trends in Europe. We have talked in the past about sort of a general strength in the North and a little bit softer in the South. And while that continues sort of as a headline, we actually have seen this season, France get a little softer than it's been in the past, but strength in Germany and the U.K. and the Scandinavian markets and other markets have actually encouraged us. We proactively pulled back really on 2 levels. One, countries that are dominated by specialty store distribution like Italy where the specialty stores were struggling, and we were very cautious about putting product into them that, quite frankly, we might not have gotten paid for. So we really worked to proactively reduce that. We worked with our better specialty store customers, but that was a decision to balance inflow of product and the risk of not getting paid. And, quite frankly, we've managed that beautifully. In the department store channels, countries that are dominated mostly by department store distribution, which is Spain and Germany, parts of France and the U.K., as their business has been soft, excluding Chinese tourists, we worked hard to get the inventory turns and the supply and demand in alignment. And as I briefly said in the beginning of my comments, we're beginning to see that turn. And the go-forward bookings in Europe are encouraging in the places we're choosing to sell. So after several quarters or a year of contraction, that was strategically applied to the wholesale channel. We're beginning to see that reverse in the go-forward product categories, countries and regions. So I think that's good news.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Liz, let me try that. We re-purposed probably half of the Rugby stores. And those stores, some of which became Polo, for instance, East Hampton and Short Hills later this fall. Some of which became Denim & Supply, like Newbury Street or University Place downtown. And about half, we closed. The bigger news there is that while it's certainly early days, and Jacki touched on this in her opening remarks, we're feeling very bullish about the opportunity for Polo as standalone Retail. We've had Polo for Men's in our own Ralph Lauren stores, albeit smaller as we've expanded our luxury presentations. But standalone Men's and complemented with Women's Polo, which will be part of our fall strategy, is a very exciting concept for the customer. That will be displayed at its pinnacle on Fifth Avenue next fall. So we have 25 stores in the pipeline for this year to open worldwide. But the probes into Polo stores and Denim & Supply give us a very good feeling about the commercial viability of a high store count growth in the future, which is different than looking for luxury locations. Within our current performance this spring and heading in, the United States and really Europe had pretty strong Retail results. It was really offset by the shop-in-shop concession numbers in Japan and Korea, which we include in our Retail comps, that really dragged the business down in total. So when you put aside some of the moving parts with FX and Easter, the low single-digit positive comps were really stronger in the U.S., stronger in Europe and a little bit down in total in Asia, obviously supported by a very strong e-commerce growth. So there are levels of detail underneath the headline numbers that I think give us some confidence we're on the right path.
Roger N. Farah: Yes, we have opened a number of stores over the last year, 1.5 years. Obviously, a lot more to come. China is running about 18% ahead. So Southeast Asia is also running mid double-digit, mid-teen double-digit increases, so we're encouraged by the early reaction there. That includes stores in Vietnam and Malaysia and some other markets. While it is still early days, we did open what we call a flagship in Hong Kong, in the Prince's Building, which is a dramatic statement about our Menswear. We had a soft opening in June. We'll have a bigger push in the fall, and that's had tremendous early reaction from the customers. And surprising to us, strong sales in building and furnishings. I think most of you know that the China customer today, and the male customer is the dominant customer, is more casual in dress, but we've had very good early success in clothing. So we expect to begin to ramp up the marketing plans, print, as well as store activities starting in the fall but really coming out more strongly in calendar '14. That's when we're planning a series of large store openings in the fall of '14 in Shanghai and in Hong Kong, and it really will represent a more complete coming-out party for us.
Roger N. Farah: I'm going to ask Jacki to maybe touch on some of the product initiatives that you asked about David, and then we'll go from there.
Roger N. Farah: And I think, Faye, in terms of the top line growth, you know all the macroeconomic factors going on in the world today. So I'm not going to rattle those off. Our focus is on a very underdeveloped Asia business for us. We've talked consistently for years about seeing Asia as potentially 1/3 of our business in the future, with Europe being 1/3 and the United States being 1/3. So at 63% U.S, we've got a long way to go in the international markets, whether that's emerging markets like Brazil or other parts of Europe or really the more scalable opportunities in China. So we will continue to look at the distribution strategies, the brand strategies, the marketing strategies that will drive an acceleration in the international growth rates. Within product categories, which is the other focus for us, Jacki touched on several of them. They are the luxury businesses, they are the accessory businesses, and we feel very bullish about the size and opportunity of Polo for Women's, as well as the Denim business. So we have product category opportunities as well as geographic opportunities. And the last leg of that stool is really the ongoing opportunity in e-commerce on a global basis. We're running significant increases in Europe in e-commerce. In our second year, we'll be breakeven or profitable. We are making big investments in Asia, first in Japan, Korea, but after that, China. We think we have a compelling product. We have the brand integrity and the product integrity that allows customers to comfortably buy our products online, with low return rates. So these are very profitable ways to reach customers, particularly in new markets. It's a much more efficient way to talk to customers than trying to build a very big network of retail-only brick-and-mortar stores in these countries. So those are the headlines of growth. We're very committed to them. We've talked about the investments necessary to make. We think we're being prudent about balancing that and delivering ongoing shareholder value. But at this point, those opportunities remain unchanged and unshakable in our mind in terms of where we want to put our management time, energy and our money.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Barbara, let me see if I can summarize, and this will be more directional than absolute specifics. We took back the licensed distribution in China, which was heavily focused on department stores and partners, multiple partners in multiple cities around China. And when we made the decision to shut that down, it wasn't because they weren't doing business or there wasn't an appetite for the product or it wasn't making money. We just thought it did not lay the foundation for the kind of brand we wanted to build long term. So as we've said, about 95 points-of-sale were closed in China over the last 5 quarters. Some of that dribbled in to the first quarter of this year, when Chris talked about discontinued ops, but it wasn't meaningful. So in essence, we shut the network. We have been rebuilding really at this point with standalone stores, mall or street locations. And I think at this point, we have something in the low-teens. But the flagship we just opened in Hong Kong, Men's only, and the flagships we're opening next fall is part of a strategy to have key important flagships in Shanghai, Beijing and Hong Kong. We are not at this point looking to go into second or third tier cities in any meaningful way until we establish the full complement of the brand in those flagship locations. Once we've done that and we begin to raise the brand, the visibility and knowledge, which today only 7% of the population really knows us there, which is in stark contrast to our recognition in the United States or Europe, but we'll begin to cascade strategies, distribution points and brands in those markets. We also are looking to overlay that with a thoughtful e-commerce strategy, which will give broader access to the product than we can reach in a reasonable time frame with brick-and-mortar. So with that, I'd like to thank you all for listening. We continue to remain very committed to our long-term growth initiatives and think we've managed the short term as a team very well. Look forward to talking to you in November.
Christopher H. Peterson: The only thing I would add is that this next wave of SAP, which we're implementing toward the end of the quarter, is causing us to shift a little bit of our revenue, particularly in the Wholesale business, out of the second quarter and into the third quarter. So we're going to shift some shipments out of the last week of September and into the first week of October. And that's having a little bit of a split impact between the second and the third quarter revenue guidance.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. Yes, I think on the first question, the discontinued businesses are really primarily Rugby, which we had called out previously. I think we felt like we wanted to provide a little bit more specificity in the guidance on how much that discontinuation of Rugby was impacting the guidance. So it's not new news, it's just a -- additional sort of perspective on -- that we wanted to share with the Street. So that's the primary piece of that. On the gross margin impact and Chaps impact, it kind of came out as we expected. So you saw in the release that we had $16 million gain. Part of the way the accounting worked is because we terminated the agreement early because of the PVH and Warnaco merger, we had to take a step-up in the inventory along with a number of other items that resulted in a gain. The inventory that we shipped out in the April, May, June period, we then recorded higher cost of goods. So part of that gain wasn't really incremental, it was a shift out of the cost of goods into the gain number, but that $16 million gain wasn't all incremental. And we knew about that because we had negotiated the contract with PVH prior to our May release, and so that was included in our guidance but there is an underlying gross margin impact that's about what we expected because of that step-up in inventory and then you ship out and incur higher cost of goods than what the going cost of goods level would be.
Christopher H. Peterson: So I'll take the Chaps. The total impact to the gross margin on Chaps was about 120 basis points in the quarter.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. I'll take the SAP question. So the year-over-year spending on SAP is a significantly higher spending that's in fiscal '14 versus what we did in fiscal '13. I think we've said the combination of the investment in SAP, the new stores and the e-commerce platform is $75 million increase versus last year from those things combined, and SAP is a significant portion of that $75 million. If you look at the SAP spending, the SAP spending is a little bit more front half-loaded in the fiscal year than back half-loaded because of the timing of the waves that were going through implementation. This wave that we're going to do at the end of September is really the largest wave that we've got sort of remaining for this scope of the project that we're looking at. And so there will be -- it will be spread out through the quarters but it will be a little bit more front half-loaded.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So let me start with gross margin. So gross -- foreign exchange had about a 50 basis point approximate impact on gross margin. So if you looked at the gross margin, we talked about the Chaps impact and the FX impact, if you looked at the gross margin excluding those 2 impacts, we would have been flat to slightly up on gross margin on the core business in the quarter.
