Patrice Louvet: Mike, thank you for your question. Yes, first of all, overall, our teams did a very good job delivering on our top and bottom-line commitments. For this quarter, even with ongoing challenging backdrops across the different regions. As you know, our strategy has multiple growth engines, meaning resilience is embedded in our strategy and in our plan. If you look at it across regions and then we'll zoom into North America. Our second largest business, Europe continues to hold up well despite macro headwinds. We're also feeling very good about the way our performance came in on China and broader Asia. You saw China up 50% this quarter. And while North America is facing some pressure in the near term, our core consumer, which is a more elevated consumer continues to be resilient, and we have the right strategies in place to drive growth well beyond these headwinds. In fact, a couple of data points to illustrate that. First of all, our value and also our luxury brand perception scores are growing faster in North America than any other region in the world. And if I provide additional perspective, if you look at it from a channel perspective, our emphasis and investments are in DTC and which is now about 2/3rds of our North America business and where we have the biggest growth opportunity. From a product perspective, we have multiple opportunities across high potential categories from outerwear to home and to women's more broadly. On brand, we continue to invest in new customer acquisition. You saw that this quarter again, $1.2 million overall, a good chunk of that coming from North America, as well as key brand moments like our upcoming U.S. Open partnership and our upcoming fashion show early September. And then finally, our key enablers here are also quite important. Our inventory levels are healthy. We go into back-to-school. We're going to go into holiday in a really good place. And our operating discipline and balance sheet give us the flexibility to continue investing in our growth to continue investing in our [indiscernible]. So we're also well positioned as conditions improve in North America and beyond. So I would say even with the near-term pressures, Matt, we're confident that we're in a strong position to perform and deliver over the long term, and that's really where all our focus is.
Patrice Louvet: And then, Jay, on your question regarding high potential categories. We've been really pleased with the continued strength on those businesses. If you kind of zero in on the three that we called out, so outerwear, women's more broadly with handbags being an element for that. And then, also home. Those categories delivered ahead of company trend, both in Q1 and as it did last fiscal year, actually low double digits across the board. So all 3 are in a good position. The standout is clearly women's where we have fantastic momentum across all brands within our portfolio, with probably Polo being even further highlight. And I think as we look at the capabilities needed to win across all 3 of these, we feel very nicely positioned not just for the next 2 or 3 quarters, but actually for the years to come in terms of tapping into the significant growth opportunities.
Patrice Louvet: Dana, so we actually are really pleased to see how our core consumer, which is a more elevated consumer is responding to our product offering, particularly as we pivot more towards sophisticated casual, which is really where the interest is at this point and which really plays to our core strengths of think chinos, suit separates, cable knit sweaters, Oxford shorts and those kind of things. And consumers responding well to that elevation and the core consumer represents the bulk of our business. And this is true both in Asia and even in China, where we have our highest AUR, we're continuing to drive AUR. But this trend in Europe, it's also true across North America. So core consumer is resilient around the world, responding well to our overall product offering and AUR expansion. As a reminder, our AUR is a combination, as Jane mentioned earlier, 4 different factors. Product mix, channel and region mix, were targeted like-for-like pricing and pull back on promotional activity. As far as the value-oriented consumer is concerned, we really see that dynamic primarily in North America. And that group is becoming a smaller and smaller part of our overall customer makeup because, as you know, as we recruit new consumers are recruiting new higher-value customers. I think what we're seeing with that customer, which frankly isn't surprising given the inflationary context is pressure on what they invest in, in terms of the choices that they make. Where we're seeing the greatest price sensitivity that is on our basic categories. which I might point the COVID categories. So we're seeing pressure on tees, on fleece, on shorts. But, overall, we're continuing the AUR expansion journey we are seeing our value perception continue to increase. So we're not just taking land pricing like maybe other players might. We are actually being very deliberate on elevating product elevating our storytelling, elevating our shopping experience, which drives value enhanced value perception, which then enables us to drive AUR, which gives us to change earlier for confidence that we can continue to do that as we continue to enhance the makeup of our customer base, higher value customers, resilient customers around the world.
Patrice Louvet: Yes, Bob, I would add probably three things. First of all, we're seeing this growth of new consumers consistently over time, right, because every quarter, we are talking about 1 million to 1.5 million new consumers. So we've got an engine that's delivering consistently. And it's delivering consistently around the world. This is not just dependent on more emerging market growth. So we're excited about that, both in our core markets like North America, Europe and also Asia. The second point is this is really the outcome of how we've expanded our marketing activity portfolio, which now ranges from powerful experiential fashion moments like the one we're about to do early September, what we just did in along with men's. Two, high-impact celebrity dressing. You saw some of the highlights for the past quarter and we're doing this consistently. Through partnerships with key sports platforms they're really resonating particularly with that younger consumer. Two, now presence in gaming and metaverse related activity that's also helping us engage in a different environment. Two fantastic work by our teams in the markets on social media platforms, right? You heard the numbers earlier today, 53.5 million, new followers on social media across all the different platforms around the world. So this engine that's been put in place that has a diversity of activities that's targeted to different generations, different genders. That's enhancing brand equity is the engine that will consistently drive new customer acquisition. We talk a lot about AUR when it comes to Ralph Lauren, but it's important to remember that our growth algorithm is dependent on three elements. New consumer recruiting, select unit growth and AUR and we feel really good about all three.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So the key success drivers behind our overall women's portfolio are really the three key factors. First of all, we have a product offering that's really resonating with our target consumer. And if you think about what's happening around the world right now and there's a lot of conversations around quiet luxury. What Ralph Lauren has stood for from the time this company was founded 56 years ago, has been quality, has been timeless style, has been confidence in what you're buying, and that's what consumers are looking for today, and particularly what women are looking for today. So the way this is translating from a product category standpoint, is Growth in Linen, growth in suit separates, growth in our dresses business. We're starting to see some early exciting momentum on our handbag business, and this is playing out across both collection, Polo and Lauren. The other element that's actually really supporting, particularly our Polo and our Lauren business is the elevation work that we're doing. It's really moving up in terms of product proposition is moving up in terms of storytelling, is moving up in terms of how we present the product, both online and in-store. I think the consumer is responding really nicely to that. As I mentioned earlier, within our high potential categories are actually our highest performing category is actually our women's business. So we have a proposition that's resonating with consumers around the world. This elevation journey is clearly connecting the product line that we offer is relevant for what consumers are looking for today, and we're very excited about what the future holds for this business.
Patrice Louvet: Okay. Well, listen, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our second quarter results with you in November. And until then, take care. Have a great day.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. And just to follow up on the second part of your question, I would say, yes, we're on track. We are still working towards our Investor Day targets. Although our performance is likely to remain a little choppy given the volatile macroeconomic conditions, we're really encouraged by our first 5 quarters of top-line and margin progress in constant currency. Importantly, I think we feel that we have the right strategy and that our multiple engines of growth give us the flexibility to lean in where we need to and where we're strong when some parts of our business are challenged. So I think that those things are what's giving us confidence. And as we look forward, we still see opportunity to reach our long-term financial algorithm.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jay. Stepping back a bit, we are really confident in our long-term brand elevation journey. As we said at Investor Day, we have three key drivers of long-term revenue growth, new customer recruiting, select unit growth and AUR growth. So with regards to your question and AUR specifically, we're confident in our AUR strategy and expect our multipronged approach to drive continued, albeit a more moderate level of AUR growth as we look ahead. You've seen us elevate across products, the consumer experience, stores and our brand positioning. And AUR is an output of this journey. Importantly, as we've elevated our consumer value perception metrics have continued to increase, even again this quarter. These factors taken together are really what give us confidence in our long-term AUR trajectory. That said, we're keenly aware of the current environment, and we continue to keep a really sharp focus on the value we are driving and delivering. With some of these pressures, we're seeing some of our more value-oriented consumers needless to lean in a bit more during select key consumer value-seeking moments like back-to-school and holiday and our guidance contemplates this as we move forward. As cost inflation starts to moderate ahead, we'll adjust our like-for-like pricing elements of our [AURs] [ph] strategy accordingly. And we're not expecting double-digit AUR growth every quarter from here. But overall, the elevation strategy hasn't changed, and we plan to continue AUR growth this year and beyond.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So Laurent, as we look at the second quarter, what we're seeing is we continue to be cautious about the overall consumer environment. You'll see, as we called out in the first quarter that the wholesale timing shift in Europe will impact us in the second quarter. You will start to see sequentially from here some improvement in what you saw in North America wholesale. And in fact, as we look at North America more broadly, I think you'll see a sequential improvement while we're still cautious, sequential improvement on the top line as we move through. And just to keep in mind in our second quarter guidance, APAC is overlapping its strongest growth of the year last year as we came out of some of the COVID-related shutdowns. On the marketing side, what you'll see in terms of our spend, this first quarter, we were about 5.7% of sales. You'll see us go to 8% of sales in marketing in the second quarter. On a dollar growth basis, that will be our peak marketing dollar growth that is as our tradition, our highest dollar spend in marketing will be in Q3, aligned with the holiday quarter. And then, as we look at your question on our second quarter OI margin, what you're really seeing is in that second quarter, you'll see the impact to OI margin of the shipments in Europe into the first quarter coming out of the second quarter. Also, as we've seen some softness in North America wholesale, we've been able to lean into our DTC channel, specifically in North America, which has a gross margin benefit, which we're calling out in our full year guidance. But carries heavier SG&A expense but is OI margin neutral. And that's playing through what you're seeing in terms of expense to leverage. And that said, on SG&A expenses overall, as Patrice mentioned, we are playing offense. So we are not pulling back on our investments in our digital platforms in Q2, we are investing to make sure that we can go live on a new website in Canada and that we will implement later in the second half, a new search engine, as well as our continued advancement of store opening. So we're not backing off building growth into the future. I do understand the investments are in Q2, but these are both long-term benefits and some benefits that will play out in the second half of the year. And then just in terms of gross margin, we're confident in our gross margin guidance. Mix shift plays a small role, but we are realizing the benefits of freight, which we called out in May, will give us about 100 basis points benefit as we move through fiscal '24. That's about offset by cotton. But as we look forward to FY '25, we expect cotton to turn into a tailwind at the very end of the quarter. We're also seeing with our AUR up 15%. We're really confident in our ability to continue to elevate with AUR as an outcome of that. And we're confident in that as we move forward, although I said it will moderate as like the need for like-for-like pricing due to inflation also moderate.
Jane Nielsen: As we look at wholesale, Dana, I think it's really a story of different regional factors. So overall, what we're expecting is that in North America, as I mentioned, Q1 will be the low point in terms of wholesale growth, and we expect to build roughly sequentially as we move through the year while exiting in flat to positive range for North America wholesale. And then with Europe, we've obviously called out that the plus 10% that we saw in Europe this quarter had some opportunities that we took for full price selling to ship in a little earlier. That will have about a 4-point impact to Europe in Q2 and Q3, but we would expect Europe overall for the year to have some flat to down low single digit in our wholesale business.
Jane Nielsen: Thanks for your question, Chris. I think what we're calling out both in our guidance and in our intent is that as Patrice mentioned, we are seeing value-oriented consumers really responding during the sort of what I would say, consumer moments. And so what we've left in our algorithm is contemplated in our guidance is some select targeted promotional activity, specifically for that value consumer. So you'll see us go sharp back to school. You'll see us be sharp in key holiday moments. Black Friday, specifically. A few days leading up to Christmas, especially Cyber Monday. But what we're calling out is that we'll continue AUR growth, albeit at a more moderate rate and AUR growth that leads to gross margin expansion. So this is not at all moving away from our brand elevation strategy. It's about being agile, responding to key consumer moments in a targeted basis. And you've seen us go to the top-end of our gross margin range. So we've got a good handle on where we need to be. And I would say that if you look at our inventories up 1% this quarter, you don't have pressure to be promotional. We want to go where the consumer is going, respond to the consumer need for value at select times, but not at all be pressured in terms of moving backwards. We're about brand elevation and AUR growth, while being smart and pragmatic in this current environment. So from North America, top-line standpoint. As we've called out and we've looked at revenue, we expect North America as we put in place some key interventions like outlet interventions that we just talked about, like the digital ecosystem investments with Canda going live in Q3. Like key brand moments like the fashion show, we expect North America revenues to increase, especially in the second half where we would expect them to be in positive territory.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Bob, and then I'll turn it over to Patrice. We were really happy with the 1.2 million new consumers that we saw engaged with the brand in Q1. As you look backwards, you've seen us be pretty consistent on that trajectory. I think it's really an outcome of, one, the investments we've put in the brand; and two, the investments we've made in our consumer intelligence group and our use of AI and elasticity models to really drive more personalized communication with these new consumers and is really an important part of our AUR and revenue growth turn. We're now, if you think back when we used to promote to drive new consumers, our next great chapter strategy has really been about enticing higher-value consumers into the brand with content and products that they respond to and being available in channels where they want to shop.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. I would just add, Tracy, that Polo Women's significantly outpaced both our total growth and led our women's growth with up high single digit with Lauren pacing about at company level of growth, a little bit ahead. So we're very encouraged by that. The second part of your question, which is wholesale AUR up 11% this quarter, we still see a strong trajectory for AUR at wholesale. But like in our DTC business, we expect that AUR growth to moderate as the like-for-like pricing moderates as inflation pressures abate. We called out the fall with our peak pressure in terms of cotton costs, we'll start to see those moderate into spring, and you'll see some moderation in our wholesale AUR. I would say the support from our retail partners has been tremendous. This has been a multiyear journey that we've partnered together on. They see the power of elevating the brand. They see the power of the brand, and we're both benefiting from improved consumer desirability that's pulling through into migration of the consumer into higher-end products. So product mix has been a factor in that. And so continued AUR elevation but similar to BGC's moderation.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, John, I think that as we called out last year, you'd start to see our inventory levels moderate and align with sales. We've achieved that. Now throughout the year, I think what we plan is that you will see inventory declines as we exit the year as we start to focus on getting weeks on hand in line with pre-COVID levels. And we feel very good, not just about our outlook for declining inventory dollars, but also about the health of our inventories, how we're positioned in core, that really gives us the flexibility to be agile with demand variability. So we feel good about how we're positioned. We think we're in excellent shape relative to some of our industry peers and expect higher inventory trends as we exit the year.
