Patrice Louvet: Hey, good morning, Ike. So I guess on the first part of your question. Overall, we are actually pleased with what we delivered in year one of our next great chapter plan. While there's of course always more work to do, we believe our strategy is working and our plan is on track. So as a result, we remain very comfortable with the five-year targets we laid out last June at Investor Day. To your point on wins and opportunities, let me just touch on a few on both sides. So in terms of the things that we -- key highlights in terms of performance, one is we returned to growth a year ahead of plan and more importantly, we actually achieved this with a continued focus on profitable, quality growth, right? And you can see that through the progress that we've made on AURs throughout the fiscal year of high-single digits and through the continued expansion in operating margins throughout the year as well. Second thing I would highlight is the fact that we've significantly increased our brand-building investment, with a strong focus on social and digital to really elevate the brand, energize the brand, and win over a new generation for our first strategy. The third area to highlight is, I think, terrific work by Ralph, the design team and the overall organization on strengthening our core product, which has been a very important driver of the top line improvement over the past year. And then fourth and final point in terms of highlights is the digital space and the expansion space. So we completed the digital platform upgrades for our flagships in North America and in Europe, we launched our flagship in China. Both Europe and North America businesses insected back to positive comps this year after a few challenging years. We also drove in the digital commerce space expansion on digital pure players around the world, and you've heard some examples in our prepared remarks. And then of course we continue our international expansion, with a deliberate focus on China and we're really pleased with the acceleration we're seeing in China, delivering 30% growth in Mainland China this year. So those are key highlights. Key areas as we look at what are the learnings and what do we need to double down on moving forward, I'd call out three. One is we want to accelerate our momentum on winning over new generation. We had a strong 50th anniversary year, we gained traction with new and younger consumers I think millennials and Gen Z. We plan to continue building on this momentum into fiscal year '20 and beyond. With increased investments, better targeting, and stronger digital amplification of our programs. Second point to highlight is we need to improve traffic at our US brick and mortar stores. I think that's a consistent challenge for the industry here. So in addition to enriching the shop -- the shopping experience and enhancing our product offering, we need to better leverage our marketing programs and our ecosystem approach, our omnichannel ecosystem approach, to drive brick and mortar traffic. And then the third point I would highlight, is we have opportunities on products. So as I mentioned, this year we've had notable successes with updates to our core products. We also had some really nice sweet consumer reactions on our limited addition releases which we're going to continue to drive moving forward. However, we'll also have some gaps that we called on in our prepared remarks and as you heard we're full on focus on actioning those aggressively. But all in all, we're pleased with the way the first year played out and really in the right now it's about running the play as we move forward.
Patrice Louvet: Sure, sure. Good morning, Kate. Listen, the general direction has not changed which is we expect low double-digit growth from our digital commerce business year-on-year to get to the target that you mentioned. And again digital commerce for us is our own site. Its wholesale.com, it’s pure players and that is social commerce and we're seeing social commerce obviously accelerate. As you look at our performance this past quarter, optically, it may look like a slowdown, but actually, it is not a slowdown, this is completely consistent with our expectations. The Easter shift in North America is really the explanation between the 6% comp we delivered and the high single digit number that we look to deliver quarter-to-quarter, we estimate again the Easter shift is worth about 300 basis points. So very consistent with what we expected, very consistent with our run rate. There are a few things that we actually drove this quarter which should help sustain this type of performance in the area of functionality for our site that may be worth calling out here, relative to search suggestions, our checkout process we're driving greater availability of personalization across a broader range of products and we're also implementing or we have implemented Apple Pay and PayPal Express payment methods to the U.S. side and we're going to continue to raise the bar on functionality, on product and on brand building. So I think you should expect continued performance around high single digits from a North America site. And then in Europe, Europe is also in line with expectations. We're actually particularly pleased with the contributions of our Spanish sites. First time, we have a Spanish language site which launched a few months ago and so Europe is on a mid single digit trajectory. That's what we delivered in Q4, that's what we expect to deliver moving forward as well. And likewise here, we've also made a number of improvements to our site whether that's enhanced paper click, optimizing our search engine and then also localizing our sites in Italy and Greece and Netherlands and in Poland to make sure that whatever we offer really resonates with the local consumer. Then finishing the global tour, Asia is a very small business as far as our own site is concerned. So not material here but we were pleased with the results that came through. So all in all, looking ahead we’re still very much in line with what we called out for the $0.5 billion of digital commerce progress over the next few years and Q4 came in consistently with our expectations and we expect to drive this in fiscal year 2020 as well.
Patrice Louvet: And then on the product points Omar, let me start with Lauren. So Lauren what we're talking about, what we talked about in the prepared remarks is really Lauren Women's business actually our Men's business is doing well and that's the combination on the women's side of sportswear, dresses and accessories. And why we're seeing good performance around the world, we are seeing softness specifically driven by our North America wholesale business. Though as we kind of look at where the brand stands today, we actually feel good about the Lauren positioning and aesthetic, right? We believe that that can actually resonate with consumers. The key causes of the Lauren challenges that we're seeing are first on the product front, we need to focus more on the core categories that the Lauren brand is known for and that our consumers care about and expect. So that means greater focus on knits, greater focus on denim, athleisure and dresses. There's a category choice here that that we need to pivot on. And then the second point is that we need to strike a better balance between core and fashion and our assessment is we've probably skewed too much towards fashion in recent seasons and need to rebalance that. And then on the distribution front as you know Lauren is primarily in the U.S. a department store brand. And so we're focused on improving Lauren in this channel. We want to gain share, the definition of success for us is gaining share there. And part of the work we're doing is also elevating the brand presentation, investing in our shopping shops. So that we can create a more engaging and energizing environment. And then again getting the product balance right in those environments. So what are we doing about? First of all, we actually have a new design team in place that we put in place a few months ago and this is a team that we believe really understands the DNA of the brand well as well as target consumer that we're going after. They're really focused on rebuilding the key classifications that the consumer is looking for from Lauren Women's starting with dresses and denim, we're also looking at diversifying distribution. So while we want win in wholesale and we want to grow share there, we also want to better balance out our distribution for Lauren as we've done in other parts of the world. So there's work going on in that area. And then finally, there's always more work to do in understanding the consumer that we target both making sure we're serving our current consumer base well and also having engaging and inspiring plans for the new consumers that we want to target. So that's where we stand on Lauren. The plans are being activated and as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we expect to see the impact of these plans as early as Spring 20. As far as the seasonal fashion concepts are concerned, let me quickly define and to make sure we all have a common understanding of what we're talking about here. So we introduced new concepts which are a sort of theme capsule each season along with our core product and in order to inject newness and excitement to our overall presentations. We believe this is an important part of attracting new consumers to the brand. Now with these themed concepts, there's obviously a high fashion risk component because it's about fashion, right. And sometimes you get it right and sometimes they don't necessarily work as intended. We've picked up in some of our recent seasonal fashion concepts is they've been actually resonating really well with our more trend forward consumers. But they haven't been as appealing to our broader population. And so the insight for us here is that we actually need to better balance. The focus on core which as you heard us talk about has been doing very well for us, and it’s obviously the heart of this company and putting more emphasis on core and deemphasizing the focus, we've had on these seasonal fashion concepts. We still need them, we still want them but we were going to put less emphasis on them and get the balance right between the two. So that activation is already happening and you'll start to see the impact of that in our fall 2019 products and obviously going forward.
Patrice Louvet: Good, well listen thank you everyone for joining our call today. As I think you've probably heard, we're encouraged by our progress on our results as we continue to elevate the iconic business Ralph and our teams have built over 50 years as we continue to strengthen our connections to consumers around the world. We've got clear strength and momentum that we want to build on. We also have opportunities that we need to go and address that we're all focused on and we look forward to sharing our first quarter fiscal 2020 results with you in late July. Thanks and have a great day.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Ike just on the -- on your question on North America Wholesale. You saw us come out of the year with our full price wholesale business down in the low single digits. As I think about the coming year, our focus is really to get back to stabilize that business really as Patrice called out focus on the wholesale.com business for growth. And as I think about the mix of full price and off-price to stabilize the full price, but off-price will continue to be down throughout the year on a more normalized flow basis, but you will see modest declines, modest to moderate declines, in the off-price business throughout the year, but on a more stable basis. Next question please.
Jane Nielsen: The part of what I just talked about in terms of the cost leadership committee, those renegotiated expenses re -- contracts resulted in a 14% decrease in those contracts. But you will see that benefit and it's part of our SG&A leverage story as we move forward. And of course, we're not done. Those 80 contracts are just the beginning. We intend to review all of our contracts, obviously prioritizing the largest ones and the ones that are at expiry point first. But this is an ongoing effort for us.
Jane Nielsen: So several things, one is continuing our journey on gross margin expansion which you'll see us do this year and which we successfully did last year and a big part of that is continuing the AUR journey that we’re on. This is an AUR led strategy and we've made good -- terrific progress on that really in FY 2019 with our AUR up 8%. So we have to continue that. We will also see accelerated leverage notably on SG&A which we called out in Investor Day as we continue to move through to top line growth and comp growth is an important part of that story. Another part of that story is also the new doors that we’re opening which have higher productivity and higher four-wall margins. So it does come online and stabilize, you'll see those be accretive overall to our operating margin expansion as well.
Jane Nielsen: So as we think about first quarter, first of all we had a fantastic quarter in AUR growth this quarter. As we think about our guidance moving forward, we don't think it's prudent in this environment to guide to the kind of AUR growth of 8% roughly that we achieved this year into the future. So our AUR growth is more moderated and in line with the Investor Day guidance that we gave of low to mid single digit growth. So that's one factor. And then the other factor is in the first half, we do have more product cost pressures that you saw come into line in the fourth quarter, move into the first and second quarters in terms of gross margin expansion.
Jane Nielsen: And I would just add Kate for a comment that in Q4, we saw the highest AUR growth across our digital, our own digital e-commerce platforms that we saw throughout the year. So consistent with what Patrice shared on Easter but very positive in terms of AUR growth.
Jane Nielsen: So shared inventory, from a consumer perspective it’s a benefit to the consumer because we will have less out of stocks, we'll have better management of our inventory and more fluidity to be able to service our e-commerce customers and flow to the stores from a larger stock of inventory. So that's the net benefit to the consumer, for us the benefit is also that we can prioritize inventory to the highest price selling, so we'll realize more full price selling. We're bringing all the inventory into our one distribution center that is serviced by an automatic -- automated sorter, so we are getting some fulfillment benefits from the leverage of that automation. So that's a benefit for us. And it also reduces pick times because we have shared pick pools, we can reduce the transit time as we go into picks and that's also a labor benefit for us. So we're quite encouraged with about it. The number one advantage is for the consumer but we also think that there are both operational savings and pricing advantages from shared inventory. We are early in our journey, we went live in Q4, we're happy with the start but we expect that to pick up steam as we move through the year.
Jane Nielsen: Sure, why don't I take those three components in order and just in terms of AUR, we don't guide necessarily by region, so we don't guide AUR by regions. But I can tell you that we saw over delivery in terms of expectation in both Asia and Europe. That was meaningfully a part of the over delivery that we had for the year in terms of AUR growth. We expect that over the course of this year that they will be more in line with our mid single digit AUR growth guidance that we gave for the long-term and that really is one of the biggest changes we have from FY 2019 going into FY 2020. We think that's prudent. We have a lot of confidence in our ability to drive AUR. We’re certainly going to lean into it but we don't think it's prudent right now given the current environment to guide to a much higher AUR growth above our long-term guidance. On the foreign tourists side, we saw that in foreign tourism it was distinctly different. As you can imagine in North America and in Europe, in North America we saw foreign tourist traffic down 5%, last year at this time it was up 7%. It's been quite choppy through the year and it's been hovering around flat. Last quarter we saw it up 2% and ended the year about down 1%. It really flows that we see the biggest driver is foreign currency. So with the strengthening of the dollar, if that outcome was not surprising. In Europe, we saw foreign traffic up 8%. We do believe that that benefited our outlet comp in addition to the investments that we made to get back into inventory and the breadth of supply, we're very happy with the results that we've seen there and that we put up today. But Europe was really a sequential story in terms of foreign tourism, it was down double-digits in the first half and up mid single digits and ending up high single digits as we closed out the year but was down 6% for the year. Overall, as I look at our outlet business across North especially across North America because that's where I think you saw some pull back that was a little bit below where we expected. Certainly the foreign tourist traffic that we just called out was a factor in that. We also called out some of the products softness that occurred in Lauren and we think we have some price balancing opportunity to make sure that we have some good opening price points and clearance balance for our more price sensitive consumer. We're on it. We’re enhancing our marketing initiatives including window signage and targeted emails to make sure that we can address traffic which is the biggest metric that we're focused on as we move forward. And of course from a product perspective, we’re looking at our execution in the Lauren brand as we speak knowing that some of our pre-Spring concepts need to be addressed and we're balancing the assortment as we speak from an opening price point in clearance balance perspective for our more value sensitive consumers. So we see it, we are happy with that business, it's a great margin business and we think we know what we need to do to make sure that we're back on track as we move forward.
