Jay Sole: Great. Thank you. First, Jane, I just want to say congratulations and thank you for all the great things you've done at Ralph Lauren at your time there and continued success as you transition to the COO role. I have two questions. First for Patrice.
Jay Sole: You delivered on your fiscal '24 -- thank you, Jane. You delivered on your fiscal '24 targets and your guidance is calling for continued top line growth and operating margin expansion for fiscal '25, which will land you at your three-year targets. But the global environment still seems tough out there with competitors calling out challenges in Europe and China. Can you talk about what you are seeing in the business that will enable this continued momentum? And then secondly, just on the guidance for this year, how are you thinking about direct-consumer channel growth versus wholesale channel growth? Thank you so much.
Jay Sole: Yeah, sure. The second question is, can you talk about how you're thinking about DTC channel growth for fiscal '25 versus wholesale channel growth? Thank you.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Well, good morning. So just on your first question and then Jane will cover your second question. Fiscal '24 was a strong proof point that our strategy continues to deliver, even with the continued macro and channel headwinds out there. And we were really encouraged that we were able to deliver at the high end of what we guided at the start of the fiscal year. And that we reinforced that we're on track with our three-year targets, both on the top and the bottom line, including our 15% operating margin constant-currency goal. Overall, I would say that the key areas of strength that we saw over the past fiscal year are what we expect to meet again in fiscal '25. Our strategy is working and we're going to continue to execute on the key tenants of it. So first, I'd say we're driving continued momentum in our brand elevation and brand heat. And you saw -- you heard in the script some of the key data that supports that with a lifestyle product offering that is really connecting with consumers around the world, whether that's in Shanghai, LA, or Paris. The Australian Open is actually, a really good example of a franchise that we've built in just a few short years, and our outsized growth in net promoter scores is an important indicator of our brand desirability and the strength of our business. And next up, we have Wimbledon, gaming championships, the Olympics, the US Open still to come this summer. So a lot of brand events that will help us continue to drive this brand [deep] (ph) and desirability around the world. Second is our pivot to DTC, and our pivot to DTC continues, right? You saw the strong performance this past quarter on comps for DTC, and in fiscal year '25, we expect DTC to lead growth again with healthy increases across both brick-and-mortar and digital channels following the in-store interventions we made over the last year and our online storytelling. And third, we're leaning into our multiple drivers of growth also from a regional standpoint. So Asia continues to scale up nicely with company-leading revenue growth and margins that are now strongly accretive to the total company. So like in fiscal '24, we expect positive growth across every market in Asia this coming year, led by China. And Europe has also outperformed our expectations despite all the macro headlines ranging from challenging consumer sentiment to high inflation. This speaks to our brand's strong and elevated positioning across the region and momentum across channels in the market, where we delivered the highest AUR growth last year. So we're obviously, not immune to market challenges. However, we talk a lot about agility in this Company, as well as our diversified drivers of growth. And this is serving us well as we focus on consistency of strong execution on top of all the moving parts. And then on guidance, I'll turn it over to you, Jane.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Good morning, Matt. So first, I would say we feel really good about the progress we're making on the brand positioning and the brand elevation, right? And our core strategy continues to be, as Jane -- as she just mentioned, brand elevation because there's significant runway ahead for us around the world. What we are seeing in the consumer perception data is very encouraging, very strong brand consideration, score improvement, very strong, purchase intent strengthening, and net promoter scores that are building quarter-on-quarter. So feel very good about that. And I think, Matt, you know this business very well. What's pretty unique about us is the breadth of our portfolio and the breadth of our appeal, right, because we appeal to eight-year-olds and we appeal to two-month olds. We have this broad range of products. And I think our brand positioning at this point in time in particular with the core values of authenticity, timelessness, style, quality are really resonating around the world. The elevation is never going to stop. So you can expect us to continue to fuel that through our storytelling, through our product offering, and through the consumer experience that we offer, both online and in brick-and-mortar stores. In terms of new consumer recruiting, which is part of our lifeblood, right, we often talk about the fact that the key drivers of top line growth for us are going to be bringing in new consumers, select unit growth, and AUR growth as Jane just talked about. Another strong quarter of new consumer recruiting around the world, over 1 million for this quarter, 5.3 million for the full fiscal year, close to 60 million social media followers now, up double-digits. We -- our new consumer recruiting machine across our different DTC channels is working well. This is DTC data. Fortunately, we don't have wholesale data, but it's working well and we're going to continue to lean into that, leveraging the breadth of our marketing programs that range from the sports partnerships that we have with the Olympics coming up to celebrity dressing to different activations that we have in the gaming space and so on and so forth. So I'm very encouraged by the overall momentum that we're seeing on the brand by the breadth of the appeal, and one of that -- I think the major pivots that we've been able to achieve over the past few years is this appeal to that younger generation, making the brand hot again for that younger generation in every markets around the world, and we're going to continue to fuel that.
Patrice Louvet: And I would also add, Michael, that we expect to continue to expand our full-price store footprint in the US so that will be an additional accelerator for the full-price business, which will continue to lead our overall DTC brick-and-mortar, whereas we do not expect to expand our outlet footprint.
Patrice Louvet: And Ashley, on new consumers. So new consumer -- younger consumers are leading our new consumer recruiting as a whole. So our penetration of younger consumers is increasing so think next-gen below 35. Very encouraged to see that. We have very targeted marketing activations to enable this. So this isn't just a result of luck. It's by intent. I think some of the things that we're doing on gaming and I think we're all learning the vocabulary here because of our T1 team winning against our G2 team. So we're sponsoring. Gaming teams are performing particularly well. You heard in the prepared remarks that our T1 team won the Global World of [Allegiance] (ph) tournament globally. We have significant activation with celebrities as well and a lot of them are spontaneously wearing us, right? There's a lot of heat around our polo hats, especially among younger women consumers, Taylor Swift wearing it, Jennifer Lawrence wearing it, and the list goes on. We're clearly in the conversation. If you track what's happening in social media and the conversations going on there, you'll hear and you'll see talk about Ralph Core, which obviously, we're really pleased to see. So good energy on that front. Our net promoter scores are growing the fastest among our younger consumers as well. So clearly, the experience they're having on our site and in our stores is resonating with them. So very encouraged by what the teams are doing in the markets to recruit those young consumers. Listen, we know that's the lifeblood for the Company for the long term and we're going to continue to lean into that.
Patrice Louvet: We've been -- so yes, good reminder, John, that the context is challenging in Europe. But our teams are doing a terrific job, I think connecting with consumers and leveraging the different channels. You saw the DTC performance this past quarter up double-digits, both brick-and-mortar and digital. So really nice momentum. Our flagship stores are hitting record highs this year across different key cities in Europe. And -- so we expect to continue to drive that. We have really nice plans in terms of footprint expansion for stores across Europe. You remember at the beginning of this journey, we were at 19 stores across all of Europe, right? I don't have the exact number here, but I think we're closer to north of 50 stores at this point with actually more to come. So opportunities to continue to expand our footprint. The team is doing a great job driving comps in our full-price stores. On digital, there's really good momentum on our own digital, which we have a number of levers that we have now a good handle on that we're going to continue to push. And then on the -- so expect, I think the share of DTC to continue to expand, John. On the wholesale side, it has been -- it's a mix of both pure-play and obviously brick-and-mortar and then bricks and clicks. We've seen recent strength in -- with our pure players as we align strategies with what they're focused on, including our biggest pure-play partner in Europe, Zalando, where we're now both on an elevation strategy, which is serving us really, really nicely. We've done some reset this past year in Spain and in the UK for wholesale, consistent with our philosophy and approach in the US, both with the ECI and the Frasers Group. So working off a healthier foundation and feeling like the work that the teams are doing on the ground in terms of getting the brand connected to the consumer, to Ashley's earlier question, getting connected to that younger consumer is working well. So we remain cautiously optimistic about that region. We are not oblivious to your point, John, on all the headwinds out there, whether that's inflation, consumer sentiment, obviously, the two wars that are going on, which is why I think our guide -- we feel our guide is right based on the current conditions, but are excited about the momentum that the team is driving there.
Patrice Louvet: Thank you, Laurent. Listen, we're all really proud of our team's execution in China, and the momentum that's been built and that's been sustained over many quarters and years now. And China now represents about 7% of our total business. It was 3% prior to COVID. So clearly, strong growth and we expect it to lead the growth for the Company moving forward. I think that -- you're right that we don't comment on inter-quarter performance, but the general perspective on China is listen, the consumer is pressured, right? We know the consumer sentiment is challenging there, but we're continuing to do very well. We grew double-digits this past quarter on top of 40% the year prior because it was a COVID reopen quarter. So nice continued momentum across our key cities, strong AUR growth. What's really working there is the team is doing a great job connecting the brand with the local consumer, tapping into this whole quiet luxury moment. I think the core values of the company and what we stand for is really connecting with the consumer very effectively. Our core products, our staples, our icons are really resonating. So think cable knit sweaters, think our Oxford shirts, polo shirts, unconstructed jackets, we're seeing consumers lean into that. Then the ecosystem that we focus on these top six cities that we've historically called out is working quite effectively across the different channels. So strong performance this past quarter. We expect that to continue. Of course, you know, we have to take into account that the 30% growth we delivered this past fiscal year in China benefited from a weaker base period. So if you kind of remove that, we expect China to return to strong but more normalized compares following the different COVID lapse, still driven by the brand energy and the brand heat and the brand momentum that we have there. Ralph core also resonating there. Our -- the breadth of our product offering and the excellent execution of the team from an ecosystem standpoint, fueled in part by continued expansion, right? So not only do we have comp growth, but we're continuing to expand our footprint from a store standpoint.
Patrice Louvet: All right. Well, thank you everyone for joining us today. On behalf of Ralph, myself, and the entire Ralph Lauren family, Jane, we want to express our deep appreciation for everything that you have achieved as you conclude your tenure as CFO of this company. We look forward and I look forward to continuing to partnering with you as our Chief Operating Officer. And we also extend a warm welcome to Justin, who several of you have already met and many of you will have the opportunity to meet in the coming months. We will host our virtual annual shareholder meeting and first quarter results in August. And until then, take care and have a great day.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Jay, we continue to be optimistic and confident about our DTC growth. While we're still cautious about the macros, we're expecting our DTC growth to be in the range of we -- where we landed for this year in about a mid-single-digit growth range, and then we are expecting wholesale business in North America to be about better aligned to where we saw our sell-out in North America, which was down low to mid-single digits to be that second-half trend will continue through the full-year in North America. That's our call right now as we think about where we'll be. And then EMEA, you know, there is -- there's been some quarterly volatility. We expect there to be some quarterly volatility as we come into this next year, especially as we look at Q1 and Q3 due to shipment timing, but in general, we're looking for growth in European wholesale in that low single-digit range.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thank you, Dana. And let me start where you left off and just say that we are on track to achieve our 15% constant-currency target this year even with some modest declines from North America wholesale, and importantly, we expect all three regions to contribute to margin expansion. So we feel really good about the geographic diversity of our margin expansion this year. Let me just take a step back and take a high-level view on your question on North America and particularly North America wholesale. It now represents about -- North America wholesale now represents a meaningfully smaller percentage of our business, down from -- it's now about 16% of our business down from about 25% of our business previously. So the impact as we shifted to DTC has reduced meaningfully. And similarly to the broader company, we're really encouraged by our performance in the DTC channel, and that carries through to North America in this coming year. We expect DTC to continue to lead North America growth with healthy comps across our stores and digital, plus a handful of new store openings in North America. And on the wholesale side, while we still expect declines in North America, as I mentioned, we expect a meaningful improvement from where we landed this year at about 10%. We expect, as I said to be much more aligned to where we saw sell-out in the second half or in that down low-to-mid single-digit range, and we feel good about how our inventories are positioned in the channels. And we also are encouraged by the investments that we're making in wholesale. We continue to invest in the top 100 doors there and I feel good about our partnerships across that channel. On the gross margin side, we are expecting benefits from cotton costs and less channel mix pressure from wholesale, and that's expected to drive North America operating margin as we move into fiscal '25.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Dana. We're really proud of our AUR growth over the last 28 quarters. It's been grounded in brand elevation and it's been based on multiple factors that have driven AUR over the last years. And what we're confident about is that we can continue to drive AUR growth. We're going to drive it through brand mix, channel mix and geographic mix. Those things are durable and stable into the coming year. And we're going to have some pressure release for not having to take the -- so much like-for-like pricing because of the cotton benefits and productivity benefits that we see coming into this year. So as we look forward, we expect our AUR to be in the mid-single-digit range. And of course, there may be some variability by quarter. Any good plan has alternate strategies that we can execute at any given time, and we'll do that as we see the market evolve. But our outlook now and our guidance is grounded on that mid-single-digit range.
Jane Nielsen: And then, Matt, just on the second part of your question on SG&A leverage. Our fiscal '25 guidance implies about 30 basis points of SG&A leverage on our about 3% constant-currency top line. That we expect will be pretty consistent as we look at the second, third and fourth quarters in the first quarter, driven by the fashion show. We do expect a little deleverage, but entirely driven by marketing. And so you'll start to see our SG&A growth be behind our revenue growth in -- following Q1.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks, Michael. One of the things as I step back from your question, we believe our brand elevation, our pivot to ecosystems and our pivot to DTC is going to continue to drive AUR growth into the future. So stepping back from that, in wholesale, we've always said that wholesale, especially in North America, is a few clicks behind what we've seen in DTC. I mean, we started this journey even pre-COVID saying we're going to lead with our DTC channels followed by wholesale. And we're very encouraged by what we've seen. In FY '23, we saw AUR -- strong AUR across wholesale in North America and in Europe. And that continued into FY '24, although as we closed out the year at a more moderate pace. We saw wholesale AUR growth in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter. And so we expect that to continue through FY '25. That will have some pressure on units, but we feel good about where the product mix is going in wholesale, our focus on those top 100 doors, and our ability to elevate that experience and elevate our product offerings in wholesale. We feel it's a strategy that's working. And you can see that in our guide coming into '25 where we expect a meaningful uptick, although not too positive in North America wholesale. And then just on DTC, what we've seen over the past two years is that our full-price stores have led our growth. What's encouraging to us with some of the investments that we've made in our outlet stores is that gap is narrowing. That's a positive thing because it means our outlet growth has accelerated. That's a dynamic that we're happy with and the dynamics that we expect to continue into FY '25. We expect that gap to be narrowed, but not based on a slowing, but based on better trends in outlet.
Jane Nielsen: I'm sorry. Ashley, could you just repeat the last part of your question? I got the gross margin puts and takes.
Jane Nielsen: Just in terms of gross margin drivers, we were very pleased with our gross margin expansion in Q4 up 510 basis points in constant currency. That was really driven by a few things. One, strong AUR growth. And what drove that AUR growth was a favorable channel mix, favorable geographic mix, product mix, and a significant pullback in discount. As we came into the fourth quarter, we were super tight on inventory and had much less going into clearance or in off-price channels. We also saw from a gross margin standpoint after AUR growth that freight continued to be a tailwind for us of about 100 basis points. And of course, this was the quarter where cotton turned from a headwind, which we've seen for the first three quarters into being about neutral into the fourth quarter. Then we had some pressure from FX of about 30 basis points. And then as we look forward, Ashley, we are seeing in FY '25, our continued gross margin expansion of 50 bps to 100 basis points, largely premised on lower cotton costs and some significant cotton recapture. About half of the cotton that we expect to recapture about 90 basis points will come into this fiscal year, you know, being a little heavier weighted to the back half and continued channel and geographic mix. We, of course, expect AUR growth to continue with a few headwinds in terms of some small incremental Red Sea pressures that we see now, obviously, FX and the weaker yen and some other product costs, higher labor costs in some of our markets and some inflation in non-cotton materials. But overall, pleased with where we landed the year and encouraged by our continued gross margin expansion journey into fiscal '25.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah. I would just summarize on the guide to say it's premise of more normalized wholesale trends and then solid continued comp growth across all DTC channels. So really encouraged. We recognize and I think are clear-eyed about the challenges from, as Patrice mentioned, the war, inflation pressures, but cautiously optimistic about it.
Jane Nielsen: Okay, Laurent, for my last question. Remember, Q1 is going to be -- we expect growth on a revenue basis to strengthen as we move into Q2, Q3 and Q4. But Q1 will represent a meaningful growth in marketing expense, up double-digits. And then as you look through the balance of the year as a percentage of sales, I think that what we spent in Q and in fiscal '24 is a pretty good proxy with a little more marketing expense growth in the second quarter given that that's the Olympic's quarter.
