Christopher H. Peterson: Okay, I'll -- thanks, Omar. Let me start with the revenue underperformance versus our guidance. So when we provided the guidance at the beginning of February, we were coming off a month of January where we had a very strong revenue growth, and we were expecting February and March to be somewhat comparable conditions to the prior year. There were really 2 things that happened during the months of February and March that led to the revenue being slightly below our previous guidance. The first was we had an incredible weather pattern this year, with much colder conditions in both North America and Europe, as well as Northeast Asia, that led to a tough February and March for seasonal spring product. The second was, to your point, on foreign exchange was foreign exchange. The yen continued to devalue during the quarter and Japan, for perspective, is our second largest country from a revenue standpoint. So those were really the 2 factors that drove the revenue versus guidance in the quarter.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. So I think on that, I would say the investments in the strategic growth initiatives are really going to be spread relatively evenly throughout the year. But if you look at the licensed businesses that we're taking back in Chaps, in Australia and New Zealand, we're spending a disproportionate amount of money transitioning those businesses to be wholly owned in the first half of the year and we expect them to be significantly more profitable in the second half of the year. We also -- FX is relatively evenly spread throughout the period. And so I think it's really a function of the take back of the licensed businesses that result in the operating margin improvement in the back half versus the front half.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So I think, as Roger mentioned in the prepared remarks, the underlying business in Europe this year was up low single digits on a comparable basis. We're expecting that to actually accelerate a little bit as we get into next year, from low single digits to a little bit faster than that, mid-single digits type of range. Part of the reason for that is because we have a plan to enter some of the under-penetrated geographies of Central and Eastern Europe and the Middle East that we expect to contribute to the sales. Relative to the proactive reduction in shipments that we've made in the wholesale channel in Southern Europe, which you saw generate strong profit results in the European numbers that we just reported, we'll largely be through that from an annualization standpoint after the end of this first quarter of fiscal '14. So when we get to the second quarter, we feel like we will have appropriately rebased that business.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, I guess we've shied away from giving, as I mentioned, I think, on the last call or the call before, constant currency comp guidance. But what I would point you to on the first question is our guidance for the year is 4% to 7% revenue growth. Within that, there's 150 basis points of negative foreign exchange. So that would get you to 5.5% to 8.5% sort of all-in growth. And included in that is this 350 basis point improvement from the result of the Chaps and Australia business. So I think you can sort of back into the range that we're shooting for, for the year, which is sort of an underlying growth rate in the mid-single digits type of range.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So the phase of the SAP implementation that we're in right now really focuses on the global product procurement and the North America wholesale order-to-cash, which is a significant part of our global systems infrastructure. And as background, just to step back, because in the history of the company, the company started by licensing a lot of the geographies and a lot of the product categories, as the company brought those businesses back in, those businesses came back in with each on a different legacy system. And so the company's starting point from a systems infrastructure is a large number of systems that are not integrated and not as connected as they could be. And so we believe the implementation of SAP will allow us to get to an integrated global system that will drive significant productivity because, for example, we'll be able to put in a style once and that style will be consistent around the world, whereas today we have to do that multiple times around the world with multiple different codings and with manual interfaces from one system to the next. That process will all become automated. The second thing is that we'll increase our visibility to data. So today, where it's very difficult to understand, for example, how many of a specific item we're selling around the world, once we get to common nomenclature and common system, that will become much easier and we believe we will be able to leverage that information to drive procurement savings. The other point I would make on this is that, because it's a fairly significant endeavor, we've broken up the implementation into 3 waves because we didn't want to go with an approach where we tried to implement everything at once. And so the first wave, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, will be a wave that tests the majority of the functionality, but on a limited percent of the revenue from a branding standpoint. And then we'll go to a second wave and a third wave. We expect most of this implementation to be completed during fiscal '14, and we expect the benefits to start to really kick in starting in fiscal '15.
Roger N. Farah: I'll take the second part. So Omar, in terms of the go forward, I think we would identify the following as the key growth engines that would provide the distortion. Obviously, e-commerce and retail, we've talked about it, others have, customers making a clear choice to shop online, whether that's through our wholesale partners where we're experiencing strong growth with our wholesale partners online or whether it's in our own direct-to-consumer, whether it's Ralph Lauren or Club Monaco. We've seen an extraordinary response to the Club Monaco website in the first 9 months it's been open. And so on and on and on around the world, the customer is indicating to us they're comfortable shopping or getting product information, buying in the stores. And a lot of that interest is shifting to mobile. So the growth in mobile that you're seeing in the industry in general continues for us. I would say, the other headline is the Asia Pac region, with all the puts and takes, should provide distorted growth over the next couple of years. The bolt-on of Australia is relatively small, but it completes the region for us in terms of owned territories plugged into our shared service hub network through a lot of the infrastructure. I think it will be a nice positive addition. And then I think the new product categories that we danced through quickly in the script that we brought back in-house over the last 3 or 4 years, that have gone through some form of rehab, are now beginning to show their future potential, whether it's Denim & Supply, which Jacki talked about, or some of the accessory categories, or even some of the changes we've made in the Home business. And we think those will provide future growth. I think we're viewing Europe cautiously. The trends there continue, with strength in the northern part of Europe and then softer in the southern part. I think our team did an outstanding job managing through that to deliver a top line and even a better bottom line performance in the year. But I think we're planning that a little more cautiously going forward.
Roger N. Farah: I guess the other thing I would add to what Chris said is that there are certain subjects like the Fifth Avenue store that we've talked about that we're planning to open next fall, September or October, that are very expensive and carry a lot of rent and we'll be carrying that for over a year without the benefit of any sales. So there are some of these big projects in Asia, here in New York on Fifth Avenue, that we think are extraordinary opportunities for us long term, will establish the brand, Asia will be Ralph Lauren, here will be Polo, and there's a cost of carrying those for 12 months until they come online with sales. So that's feathered in. I remember this time last year, we talked about fiscal '13 being a tale of 2 halves and I think there was some concern that we had anticipated more of the profit to come in the back half of the year. We're pleased to have delivered on that. And for different reasons, we're facing a similar situation, as really our profit profile is being rebalanced more to a 50/50 split than what it had been for many years, which was a heavier orientation on first and second quarter and a little bit lighter in the third and fourth quarter. Some of that's also coming from the growing retail business, where we get some distortion in the back half of the year versus the first half.
Roger N. Farah: And I would respond to the second part of your question as follows. We've had a very interesting year learning about the Chinese consumer. And while the first profile is how do they perform in China, they're obviously a big part of the shopping trends in Korea, other parts of Southeast Asia, Europe and the United States. So we're learning about that customer through the really global footprint we have. But fundamentally, and I think Jacki touched on this, the best products sell worldwide. And so with our orientation towards apparel, we have to be mindful of the geographic and climate range in China. The northern part of China is almost similar to the coast of Maine in terms of its weather and it goes all the way down...
Roger N. Farah: In case nobody heard it, we were up 42% in EPS. I don't know if that got through. Maybe I'll start again. I was talking about China. I'll quickly summarize. We've learned a lot about the Chinese business. We've gotten a lot of feedback from the customers both in China, in Southeast Asia, in Europe and the United States. The good news is they are gravitating towards the same looks and categories and items. They clearly want luxury. We've created some unique products that respond to that market and they've really bought that well. And so every day, we're learning. We know we have a long way to go to tell the Ralph Lauren story in that market. We are investing and committing to key flagships, but in the key cities. I think one of the things we'll try to avoid is chasing the second- and third-tier cities too early on in our development of that market. I think we have to be important in Hong Kong, in Beijing, in Shanghai and some of the key markets before we start going out to the second- and third-tier cities. I also expanded my answer to include Denim & Supply, and in fact, the Polo stores. Because while we're in the early stages there, we think those are key high growth, brand-specific, high-margin stores. And the early reads on a more classified approach in East Hampton has been very strong, with color multipliers selling. Denim & Supply stores that we've opened internationally, about a dozen, 1, and today, 2 in the U.S. are really selling denim. And the key to that customer is getting a fit on the denim bottoms that resonates with them and then you can build the top business. The early trends there are reflecting a 30% penetration of denim bottoms, which is very high in that world. So I think the direct-to-customer business, whether it's flagships in Asia or more classified smaller locations, we're beginning to feel confident about the path we're on.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. With that, I'll thank you, all, for your listening and your patience with the audio communication. Appreciate your support. We look forward to talking to you in August.
