Patrice Louvet: All right. Well, Michael, welcome back. Thanks for your question. Our teams continue to execute really well in a tough environment. And while we're planning for things to remain choppy for the foreseeable future, I think this quarter showed once again that we can deliver on our commitments. There are a few reasons for that, and I just want to call out the top three. First one is our brand is our most powerful asset, and we're driving momentum and desirability. As we cut through culture and appeal across generations through a variety of platforms, I actually think we have probably one of the most diversified broadest marketing programs in our space, ranging from the fashion show we did recently at New York Fashion Week, to two sports partnerships, Wimbledon and Ryder Cup U.S. Open just this last quarter through dressing celebrities like Beyoncé, you heard that in the prepared remarks to actually influencers wearing us spontaneously to gaming with Fortnite. So, a broad range of activities. We continue to invest in our brands for the long term, and we're seeing consumers respond to that. The second point, which is actually quite important during challenging periods like this for consumers is our iconic core products anchor us think beautifully made casual wear sweaters, maybe blazers, tweet jackets, Oxford shirts, really the foundations of a wardrobe. And these timeless products deliver through cycles and when things get more challenging, we know consumers tend to gravitate back to core products, products, and brands they know and trust. And in addition to that, we continue to have significant growth opportunities in women's and in outerwear. And then the third point, and you heard this in our prepared remarks, is our DTC channels are really where we can best control the consumer experience -- these channels today represent two-thirds of our business. So, DTC is two-thirds of our flooring business, different picture than a few years ago. And as you saw, actually, our performance in that channel is accelerating with positive comps across every channel, brick-and-mortar and digital across every region. So, in addition to this, I think we've also built over the past few years an agility muscle that's integrated into our operating model. And I think you saw this in this past quarter. For example, we made fast product assortment changes, leaning even further into our core products in order to improve traffic and conversion in DTC, and you saw that play out in the numbers. We delivered enhanced staffing in our retail stores to improve the customer experience. And online, we also made a number of changes relative to surge and more personalized pages, which also drove to an acceleration, both from a traffic conversion and AVT standpoint in those important channels. And while we continue to elevate our brand, this wouldn't be a Ralph Lauren call if I didn't talk about AUR. You see this play out in increased AUR again this quarter, up 10% in an environment that's relatively intense from a promotional standpoint. And we are able to grow AUR double digits while having limited targeted promotional actions for our more value-oriented consumers to close the deal and drive conversion. So, listen, we're operating in a very uncertain world, but I think that's become the norm. We know how to navigate this, and our iconic brand, our multiple growth drivers, and our agility muscle really help us to stay on offense. And importantly, we have the operational discipline and the balance sheet to enable continued investment in growth. So, I think when you look across the marketplace, these are all very important differentiators and we're going to continue to focus on what we can control to win and create value in the marketplace. When it comes to wholesale since it's a jump bulging at the ball. Over to you.
Patrice Louvet: I'll jump on that training balls. So, Bob, I think there are a few observations that apply to all the regions, and then I'll give you specifics for each individual one. So, the observations applied to all the regions is environment is choppy, but our core consumer remains resilient, right? And we're seeing actually a nice growth with our core consumer a higher value, less price-sensitive consumer, and that's true across all three regions. We're also seeing really good performance this quarter. I think it's one of the highlights of the quarter in our DTC channels across all the regions. So, every channel, every region, positive comp growth, brick-and-mortar and digital. Third area is we are continuing to recruit new consumers, and we're continuing to recruit new consumers in Asia, in North America, and in Europe, higher value, less price-sensitive younger consumers. And our general internal metrics of traffic and ADT and AUR are consistently up across all three regions. So those are common elements. We have seen improvement in our outlets with our, particularly our more value-sensitive consumers. The interventions that Jane and I have been talking about have been impactful during the past quarter. So, we're quite encouraged by the strengthening that we've seen in our outlet channel and our ability to really connect with that smaller consumer group, but still they are a value-oriented consumer. Now if I look at things by region. So North America, our biggest region, down 1%. Again, DTC growing right, comps up 4% in DTC and North America, growing across all the channels. The pressure Jane mentioned, it is more in wholesale. And here, we have differentiation between high-end wholesale, as you highlighted, Jane, the markets of this world where we are growing the top doors of our largest partners where we are also basically flattish, and then the doors that are more challenged are kind of think to 100 and beyond. And we have an action plan to go strengthen that, that you heard from Jim. In Europe, on the face of it, we're down 1%, actually, if you do like-for-like, we're actually up, I think, 3%. If you take to remove the timing shifts from a wholesale standpoint. Likewise, here, we're seeing strong performance in DTC across all the channels and wholesale continues to be challenged, again, on the space of it. But if you take the timing shifts out, actually wholesale grew in Q2 in Europe. And we're seeing a really nice rebound with one of our largest partners in Europe. So that's quite encouraging for the future. In Asia, we're up 13% on a constant currency basis, nice diversified growth across our key markets, China being the fastest-growing region for us there, up 20%, both Mainland and HMT. So, we're feeling really good about the continuing momentum we have in that region. The brand is resonating. The product offering is connecting nicely, and the teams are doing an excellent job executing our key city ecosystem approach in our top six cities Japan delivered a nice quarter with double-digit growth, and Japan is not yet benefiting from the return of group tourism from China. So, there's more growth to come down the road in that part of the region. And then we've seen solid growth across Southeast Asia and the balance of the region. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of a sense of commonalities, a lot of common elements across the different regions and then what's unique to each individual one...
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Matt. So, our game plan continues to be driven by our overall goal, which is and strategy, which is brand elevation across our three pillars: brand building, driving the core, and expanding to more from a product standpoint, and expanding our TCD ecosystem. What we have seen in terms of short-term interventions that have really resonated well in DTC have been the work that we've done on products leaning harder into core because during these challenging times, as I mentioned earlier, consumers are gravitating towards core products. And for us, those are our more elevated products, so less seasonal items, less tees shorts and fleece and what are truly iconic Ralph Lauren products, jackets, Oxford shirts, heat separate, cable mix sweaters. That's on product. When it comes to digital, part of the improvement has been also driven by an enhanced search capability that we've implemented as well as different brand presentations for our ADT product description pages, which are driving both traffic, ADT and conversion -- for our outlets in particular, we relooked at our staffing model to make sure that we're providing the consumer with a great experience every single day and hour of the week. And that shift has actually translated into stronger traffic, stronger ADT, stronger AUR across the channel. And then I referred to our broad marketing program earlier, and I think the team is doing a really nice job making sure that each individual element is connecting with that target customer and we're seeing the benefits of that. And then finally, I would add, as Jane and I mentioned earlier, that for those more value-oriented consumers, we have done in a very limited and very targeted way promotional activity that has helped close the sale with them. And what we're pleased about is this inherent agility that we built into our model over time, enables us to continue to grow AUR six year in a row and have the flexibility to be pointed on promotional activity where needed most relevant in those more value-oriented channels. In terms of how we're set up for holiday, I think we're actually well positioned. We've got a game plan that's clear. We're executing the strategy that we have had in place for some time now. We are seeing consumers respond nicely to both our marketing and our product offering. And while we're keeping an eye on the volatility of the situation. We feel good about the momentum we have going into the holiday period. You saw the vast number of marketing activities we had in Q2, that gives us momentum going into the holiday season. The pivot on product that we've been able to make positions us really nicely in terms of showcasing our core strength, which is our iconic propositions. And each channel, each region has the flexibility and the agility to respond to what we see in the market. So, while we recognize the environment continues to be choppy and will likely be for the foreseeable future, I think we're well positioned coming into holiday.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. It's really the execution of the different strategic pillars that we have in place. So first, I think as we talked earlier, be leaning into our core products and we see consumer -- strong consumer response, both on our men's business, very strong response on our women's business, strong improvement on our kids’ business. So, leading into core products, it's been intervention one, Rick, that's going to keep going, right? Intervention number two has been customer experience and making sure that we're servicing the customer in the right way, consistently throughout the week.  And we know we have some opportunities to rebalance staffing and strengthen staffing in some areas to make sure that the customer walking through the door was getting the type of experience that they deserve from Ralph Lauren. Point number three is marketing activities and targeted marketing activities for that shopper for that consumer, leveraging both the centers, capabilities, and platforms and our own database. And then point number four, relates specifically to connected retail and how we leverage our connected retail capabilities. Now I don't know if you've been in some of our outlets recently, but we've implemented endless aisle screens, for example, where now you can shop the entire catalog from that store, full price outlet, anything that's available within the Ralph Lauren catalog, we also have digital clienteling for outlet customers, which has also been useful and driven the performance this past quarter and are structural. So, will continue to pay benefits moving forward. And then finally, as I highlighted earlier, for those more value-oriented consumers who need that little support to close the deal we have been able to implement limited targeted promotional activity further more value-oriented consumers while still being able to expand the AUR in that channel. So, five core interventions. I'm really proud of how nimble the organization has been as we've read consumer behavior, competitive environment. And we feel good that these interventions will serve as well through holiday and beyond.
Patrice Louvet: Dana, the way we talk about it a lot with our marketing teams is the following model: trade-in trade up, trade across, right? And those are the three kind of levers for us to drive growth. And given the breadth of our product offering and our lifestyle proposition, we have significant trade-up opportunities. So maybe sell less T-shirts, but more tweet jackets, more RL 888 bags, more outerwear, more So trade-up is a significant growth opportunity, which will serve us for years, if not decades. Trade across same thing. We bring you -- we trade you in and then there are so many different categories we can trade you across. So, I think these levers of growth kind of, again, roll back up to the diversification of growth drivers that this company now has.  All right. It is time to close. So, thank you for joining us today and we look forward to sharing our third quarter results with you in February. Have a great day.
Jane Nielsen: Even though I can't jump very high. Let me just frame the thinking that we have on wholesale longer term and to date. Wholesale is an important environment for us, for consumer discovery. We know from our consumer work that when a consumer buys and experiences Ralph Lauren quality, we can hook them. And so, it's an important and profitable channel for that important consumer discovery. Just from what we've done for many years, our focus on managing matching sell-in to demand and tight inventory management is something that we're doing today. Our inventories are well controlled and something that as we think about the future is something that we have to continue to lean into, along with leveraging our core, which resonates well with that consumer being able to chase into variable demand allows us to meet those consumer needs, and I think will serve us well into the long term, working with our partners to personalize our marketing with loyal consumers that we have across the channels. And then importantly, all wholesale is not created equal. There's a bifurcation between top-tier wholesale, where we're growing, and doors across the markets. Top city, top doors are performing meaningfully better the balance of fleet. And that's where we can do some interventions that Patrice described that are working in DTC, like investing capital and renovating, make sure we have great environments, investing with our partners in greater service levels. We know that, that works, those doors are performing better and is a place where we can concentrate resources and give an ROI. So, I think we have a good operating game plan and strategic game plan for wholesale. Where -- we saw pullback in about two-thirds of our doors, we evaluate every day, where should we be and looking at that on a door-by-door basis and we'll continue to do that into the future.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks for the question. The current operating environment is volatile. But our performance through it makes us even more committed to our strong balance sheet and culture of operating discipline, all of the things that are really critical to our Fortress Foundation with the agility of our team, it's what really enables us to continue to drive the plans through tougher times. And we think that our focused foundation and the way we manage our balance and our commitment to capital allocation is increasingly a strong differentiator for us -- and we're always interesting and interested in doubling down on just differentiation. So, I think the short answer is we're going to continue on passionate about discipline in managing our balance sheet and sticking with our capital allocation principles, which drives growth and investments and return capital to shareholders. And it's not just words and principles, it's producing results for our shareholders. We're on track with our capital allocation and shareholder return commitments that you heard us talk about at Investor Day. At the halfway mark, we returned about $1 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. Our cash position remains extremely strong. We're in a net cash position, and our leverage is nearing our historical levels and those levels are usually low with our targeted one-time to two times EBITDA leverage. And our inventories are clean. Our inventories are down 5% this quarter with units down double digit. And importantly, North America inventory was down double digits and Europe in constant currency was down mid-single digits. Again, we expect to end the year tight inventory discipline that inventory will be down as we exit the year, improving our overall terms. So, we're more committed than ever Just on the country trends that we're seeing across Europe.
Jane Nielsen: Just on gross margin, Matt, we're really pleased to raise our outlook to 120 basis points to 170 basis points of gross margin expansion in constant currency for this year. There are really three primary drivers. Freight, we are seeing upside in freight, notably in ground transportation that's more than offsetting cotton headwinds now. So, more opportunity in freight -- we are also seeing upside in AUR. We put up a double-digit AUR growth this quarter while growing gross margin and reigniting DTC. So, we believe that for Q3 and Q4, we have upside to our AUR and channel mix. The acceleration in DTC that Patrice called out in Q2, we'd expect that performance to continue for the balance of the year. We still have a cost headwind in cotton. But again, I think we've more than fully offset that. And we're seeing some of our productivity initiatives flow through, as we said, a little more balanced in COGS than in SG&A, but we are realizing those productivity initiatives, and that's gross margin as well. So very encouraged by that. And as we look at the progress we've made this year, there's no change in our Investor Day guidance to mid-teens constant currency OI growth. We remain firmly committed to that goal and firmly committed to our outlook in FY '24, while recognizing that we're operating in a highly volatile environment. We know what we need to do we need to continue our top-line growth. We need to continue to drive our cost productivities. And we need the investments that we're making and the investments that we're making, we know will pay off not only in the second half but into FY '25. So, we're happy to remain committed, and to our Investor Day guidance of mid-teens.
Jane Nielsen: Just on the near-term trajectory of AUR, as you mentioned, up 10% this quarter, we do expect there to be -- that we are past the peak of product cost pressures. So, the pressure to price with inflation a bit slightly in the balance of the year. But I think we're planning on AUR being in the high single-digit range as we close out the year. So again, strong AUR growth, what we're seeing is that consumers are penetrating into our higher-priced products. So, we're seeing a penetration increase into products over $100. We're also seeing our new consumers penetrate the new consumers that we're recruiting penetrate into higher AUR products, so higher individual products and higher basket. That's really given us the flexibility to do what Patrice talked about, which is reach a more value-oriented consumer with some highly targeted discounts, leveraging our one-to-one marketing personalization so that we can reach them directly. I don't expect to change in our AUR journey in the near term. And as you'll recall, AUR is really for us is about many levers.  It's founded in the brand elevation journey that we're continuing -- and you'll see us continue our product mix elevation, which is going to where the consumers -- where consumer demand is going, but also building that agility and flexibility for us to continue to expand gross margins we took up our guidance and continue to drive strong DTC growth.
