Christopher H. Peterson: Omar, the only thing I would add is that, certainly, we see the Polo store rollout as a key plank in the company's growth strategy over the next 3 to 5 years. And we're looking very actively at real estate locations in the U.S., in Europe and in Asia to rollout the Polo brand. And I think your observation is correct which is, today, the Polo brand is largely distributed in wholesale, and we think we've got an opportunity to expand the distribution of the Polo brand given the strength of the brand and the desirability of the brand through a direct retail store rollout.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. Well, first of all, with regard to the incremental investment, I would say that the incremental investment is really focused on 3 areas. The first is we're intensifying our investment in store operations. The second is we're focused on investing more money in some of our omni-channel capability that's directed against the retail segment. And the third is some of our marketing and advertising spend, where we're intensifying investment, based on some of the strong results that we've seen to date from the consumer response to a couple of our marketing campaigns, which I'll talk in a minute about -- I'll talk in a minute more about. We believe that this incremental investment is going to result in improved traffic trends and conversion for our retail stores going forward. And that's part of the reason why we're taking our revenue guidance up for the balance of the fiscal year versus our initial outlook. A couple of the examples on the marketing spend, just to give you a flavor, the first is we've -- for the first time, really, across the company, globally, come out with an advertising campaign around the Ricky handbag, the soft Ricky product, and we've coordinated that as a big idea where we've got it holistically supported in every market in the world. We have the product in our stores and we've -- are doing a holistic marketing and advertising campaign that's really hitting the consumer across multiple touch points. And we started to see that really resonate and drive an acceleration in our accessories business. And given the holiday season that's upcoming, we felt like that was a good one to continue to support and spend money behind going forward. The other one that you may have seen is, we have the Olympics that the company sponsors, which is coming up in Sochi in February. And we put a fairly significant effort behind an advertising campaign around Made in America, where the product that we're going to be rolling out for the Olympics will be made in America and we put an intense sort of advertising campaign and PR campaign around that product. So those are a couple of examples of where we're spending the money, and we're expecting to see a good return from the incremental investment that we see. With regard to fiscal '15, well, it's a little bit early for us to provide guidance on fiscal '15, we're just about to kick off our planning process. I suspect we'll have some initial thoughts to share on our next earnings call with regard to fiscal '15, and then we'll provide guidance for fiscal '15 as we always do at our end of fiscal year call.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So on gross margin, I'd say a couple of things. So the first is, if you look at the gross margin in the second quarter, the biggest driver of the gross margin decline in the second quarter was foreign exchange. That accounted for about 1/2 of the gross margin decline in the quarter. The second big driver in gross margin decline was the take-back of the Chaps men's sportswear business which, of course, goes from a license business, which has a very, very high gross margin, to a directly-operated business, which has a lower gross margin. So if you were to strip out those 2 elements, the gross margin this year was actually not down nearly as much as what the reported numbers would be. To your point on where we go going forward, I do think that we believe that gross margin can grow over the next 3 to 5 years versus where we are today, and there's a couple of reasons for that. I think as the business shifts more from a wholesale business to a retail business, that tends to have a positive mix effect on gross margin because, obviously, our gross margins in our retail business are higher than our gross margins in our wholesale business. The second thing I would say is that as our business shifts to stronger growth internationally, that international growth tends to come with higher gross margins because of the price points, particularly in Asia, tend to be higher with higher gross margins than they are in the core U.S. business. And then the third thing I would say is, some of the product categories that we're focused on, particularly the accessories product category, as that business continues to grow faster than the balance of the merchandise categories, can have a positive gross margin mix effect. So I think we're dealing with a couple of isolated events this year. But I think over our planning horizon, over the next 3 to 5 years, we expect some of the broader mix drivers to begin to take hold. And then on Europe, I would say on Europe that -- we were fairly encouraged in the quarter on Europe. And the reason we're fairly encouraged that the quarter on Europe is because about half of our business in Europe is wholesale now and about half of our business is retail. The retail including both our full-priced stores, our e-commerce business and our outlet business. And if you look within the European revenue results, what you would see is that our retail business in Europe in the second quarter was up double digits on revenue. And our wholesale business, we had planned to be down in the quarter, which largely offset the retail growth during the quarter, because we had proactively pulled back on shipments into the wholesale channel as we wanted to reduce our exposure from an inventory standpoint from some of the specialty stores, particularly in Southern Europe. As we look to the back half of the year, we're expecting the wholesale business in Europe, in the back half of the year, to be up versus year ago. So we now think that we have cycled through that planned pullback in shipments into the European wholesale channel.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. I would say a couple of things. In fact, we just had discussion on the capital structure with the board earlier this week. But I would say, our strategy on capital is, first and foremost, we want to make sure that we're fully funding investments into the organic growth of the business going forward, and that will always be our sort of top priority. Beyond that, we believe the company is going to generate excess cash that we intend to return to shareholders. And I think that the decision by the board to increase the dividend this quarter is a reflection of that fact that we are committed to returning excess cash to shareholders. I don't think that we have a strategy of trying to hold excess cash on our balance sheet. And as -- if you look over the past couple of years, we've tended to repurchase anywhere from $400 million to $500 million of stock a year and I think we planned to continue that trend as well. From a debt ratings standpoint, I think we like being about in the single A tolerance area, which is where our current ratings are. And so I would expect our strategy on, from a credit rating standpoint, to be relatively consistent. I wouldn't expect a change in strategy there. And then the final thing I would say that we're managing along with many other companies is not all of the cash on our balance sheet is in the U.S. We have a mix of cash that's in the U.S. and a mix of cash that's outside of the U.S. And obviously, the cash that's outside of the U.S., we believe, is better used investing in growth opportunities outside the U.S. rather than bringing back into the U.S. at this point, given the tax friction that would be created from that.
Christopher H. Peterson: Okay. I'll start with Asia. And I guess what I would say on Asia is, if you looked at the Asian revenue results, excluding Japan, the company revenue was up double digits in the second quarter. The Japan business was down significantly, and really there were 2 things that were driving that revenue decline in Japan. The first, as many of you have been following, is the Japanese government has embarked on a macroeconomic strategy of weakening their currency with the attempt to accelerate GDP growth in the region. The currency impact year-over-year in Japan to the company was greater than a 20% drop from a translation standpoint in the sales results in the Japanese market for us. So that was kind of a first impact that hit us in Japan. I think as we talked previously, we have priced to try to recover some of that, but not all of that currency impact. The second big driver that's impacted us in Japan in the second quarter is that the traffic trends in the department stores continue to be challenging, and our business today is heavily weighted in the department stores. So the vast majority of our business in Japan is in the department stores. What we're trying to do there in the market is both reinvigorate our growth in the department stores and try to create a little bit more of a direct-to-consumer model with the launch of e-commerce and with the opening of some of our freestanding stores. You mentioned Denim & Supply, and I think we've got a handful of Denim & Supply stores open now in Japan. It's a little early to tell fully the results because it's still a new brand that we're driving brand awareness, but we're off to an encouraging start in the Denim & Supply stores in Japan.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. I guess I would say a couple of things on that. So I think if you look back over the last 10 years, the numbers you're talking about of 10% to 11% revenue growth and mid-teens EPS growth is, historically, what the company has delivered over that time period. I think if you look over the last 10 years, part of what's characterized the company's growth has been the take-back of significant license businesses, which have added to the top line. I think the path going forward is going to be a little bit different than the path that the company has come on over that last 10-year period, because the path going forward is going to be more about growth through the strategies that we have articulated, direct-to-consumer, international expansion and product and merchandise category innovation. So I think we haven't provided long-term guidance in terms of what we expect over the next 3 to 5 years. But certainly, we anticipate delivering results going forward that we believe will be very competitive in the industry and we believe will lead to shareholder value creation.
