Patrice Louvet: Sure. Well, good morning, Matt. Few things I would call out here, first of all, I think as all of you know, we significantly repositioned our company over the past couple of years, right? And we're coming into this new fiscal year with strong momentum. We now have multiple engines of growth, and we're delivering growth across every brand, every channel, every region, with opportunities for continued acceleration across each of them. So, our game plan is working. And I believe our deep brand strength, our demonstrated pricing power, and more diversified growth strategy becomes even more important during these turbulent times. There are few things I would call out. One, our consumer remains strong around the world, all right? And as we recruit new consumers, you saw this past quarter, we recruited 1 million new consumers, 5 million over the past fiscal year. We've been fundamentally pivoting our base towards higher-value full-price consumers who are less promotion/price sensitive. Second, as we've talked in prior calls, our designers and our merchants have been spot-on with this post-pandemic style of dressing and our products are driving desirability as they leverage the full breadth of our lifestyle portfolio. Third, our supply chain is built to be flexible and resilient. There's been a lot of work that's gone on over the past two, three years to get us there. And we now have proven our agility over the past couple of years, and I think I have a lot of confidence going into the continued turbulent environment. And then lastly, we've built a culture of cost discipline in the company, and we continue to drive value through productivity as well. So, listen, of course, we're grounded in reality and we're tracking closely consumer sentiment, bigger cost headwinds, including FX as well as COVID trends, particularly what we're seeing in Asia right now. We're not immune to any of these, but in this context, we are in the strongest position we could be in terms of what we can control moving forward. Now, specifically on the space that we play in, and you know, we've been on the brand elevation journey now for multiple years, right, working to get closer to the luxury groups. And so as we look at the consumer in that space right now, and this is both a reflection of what we're seeing in North America, but also in Europe and in Asia; that consumer is strong, that consumer is engaged in our category. And we're actually seeing some really interesting things in terms of purchasing pattern. We're seeing a combination of reinvesting in the core -- core wardrobe, so think of sweaters, think of denim. And then we're also seeing the consumer pivot towards newness and sophistication, examples for us would be cashmere hoodie or a novelty fleece. And then, and I think this characterizes the broader population, consumers starting to go out during the day, so there's a need for a sports coat, there is a need for auto wear, there's a need for dresses, and then the return to social activities in the evening or on the weekends. So, that that whole space for us continues to be healthy, continues to grow. And if anything, we're actually very energized by the diversity of the opportunities that we have as consumers pivot their apparel needs in this kind of new normal. Polo, within that, which is at the heart of our company, is actually really in a sweet spot when it comes to serving these needs nicely and competitively. And that's both the combination of our very strong core products, right, that's really a foundation for this company is our core propositions. And obviously, as I mentioned earlier, that taps into consumers reinvesting in their core. And then also, we're seeing some really nice elevation and innovation across a number of different categories within the Polo brand, whether that's Polo women's, with all the wonderful work that the team is doing on dresses, for example, or broader propositions, and all the work that our Polo men's and our Polo kids teams are also doing to serve this more elevated, more sophisticated consumer need right now. So, we actually think, well, the Polo brand is really well-positioned within this total addressable market and from everything we're seeing so far in market, consumer healthy and strong in that space.
Patrice Louvet: Yes, you look -- you see, Michael, through our share performance, I think, a truer reflection of how we're doing in that channel. And actually, we're really pleased with, one, the partnerships that we've built with our key wholesale partners and, two, the momentum that we have from a consumer voting standpoint, which is really what share measure is all about. And we're growing share in men's meaningfully, we're growing share in kids, we're growing share in home. We're now growing share in women's ready-to-wear, three quarters in a row of share growth in women's ready-to-wear, excited about the progress both on Polo women's and on Lauren, in particular. So, fundamentally, to your point on where does this stack up relative to our growth drivers in North America, we think wholesale is actually very nicely positioned, now that it's been reset, and we're certainly seeing the consumers vote very clearly in favor of our brands.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So, our go-to-market approach is really characterized by the ecosystem lens. And we focus on our top three cities, and there we work hard to make sure we have the right brick and mortar and digital representation. And exactly to your point, we want the consumer to have a completely seamless experience, whether they're shopping online, on our app on our sites, or whether they're actually in our stores. What we have seen, and to some extent, COVID has been an enabler for that, the COVID crisis has been enabled for that, there's an acceleration of our connected retail capabilities, and there are ranges from digital clienteling, which is now ingrained in the way our teams work. So, the seamless connection between the store and the Web site for example, we have Boris, you're familiar with BOPIS, which is Buy Online Pick-up In Store, now we also have buy online return in-store. So, that's very seamless experience for the consumer. We've introduced the app a few months ago, which is also nicely connected to consumers purchase history. So, we're able to tell for those who are comfortable sharing that data, what's in your closet, and therefore we can use that data for really targeted one-to-one marketing to serve you in the way that fits best your shopping patterns. And then, we've recently introduced something I'm very excited about, which are endless aisle, actually screens in our brick and mortar stores, where even from a 1,000 square foot store you can now shop every element of the Ralph Lauren line. And we started to experiment with that in North America, and in several stores we're seeing very positive results. And it further gets to your point, Omar, of no longer really segmenting, this is brick and mortar, and this is digital, but for it to be a completely connected experience. Certainly our experience in Beijing and Sanlitun with the work that we've done with Tencent has also reinforced that leveraging, you know, the local kind of WeChat mini programs as a way to connect the consumer to our brick and mortar operations. But I think what you'll continue to see from us is a ramp up of these capabilities. And then, there's we stay in touch with what the consumer is looking for and we adjust our offerings and our experiences accordingly, but I feel very good about the momentum we have in digital across the company. And I think our penetration right now is about 26% of total revenue is digital. We've seen that hold up nicely as the stores have reopened. So, feel good about the sustainability of that, and our ambition is to make that over 30%. But again, the consumer should have absolutely seamless experience, and more and more a personalized experience.
Patrice Louvet: And we are seeing this growth actually to be broad-based, right, so, 34% constant currency up in Q4 for total Europe. Both particularly driven by the U.K., by Germany, by Italy where we recently invested in our ecosystems in the [long] [Ph], so pretty well diversified growth, and for our earlier conversation, I think at this point we are feeling that the consumers that we appeal to is in good place in Europe. All right, thank you for your question, Chris.
Patrice Louvet: Well, listen, thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to sharing our first quarter fiscal '22 results with you in August. In the meantime, stay safe and have a great day.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks for the question, Michael. Let me start with the first, about our guidance. We are comfortable with our fiscal '23 guidance at this point. Our momentum and our track record of expanding both our gross margins and our operating margins through our Next Great Chapter plan are really a strong foundation for our fiscal '23 guidance. And as you saw, our business trends are good. Now, clearly, we're watching the macro headwinds very carefully. So, as we thought about our guidance, particularly in gross margins and in operating margins, we really tried to take a balanced approach, balancing both risks and opportunities that we saw and we tried to do this across our guidance. We are encouraged as we look ahead. And let me give you a few reasons why. First, our consumers are resilient. They're at the higher end of income demographics, and they've proven, through COVID that their desire for the brand has increased and that they've come back repeatedly. Second, our value perception, our quality score, and our purchase intent have strengthened through the pandemic, even with the backdrop of us taking pricing up 50% over the last two years. So, quality, value, and purchase intent all up in the face of that kind of pricing; that gives us tremendous confidence. And third, we are maintaining new consumer acquisition momentum of younger and higher-quality consumers through this journey, and we intend to continue that and investing in that. And that's a very important part of our gross margin journey. And then finally, our team, obviously, they've managed through disruptions and headwinds, and have done so with great agility. And we have confidence in our ability to navigate the macro headwinds doing that. We're confident in these drivers to expand our gross margins this year and beyond, and feel that we're on a very solid ground to achieve our mid-teens operating margin, that's our longer-term goal. And feel that this year will put us a step closer to getting to that goal. Now, on North America wholesale, what you've seen, in up 1% in terms of overall, there is about 20 points of headwind from Chaps in that number. So you will recall, Michael, that we took Chaps out of our owned and operating model and we moved it to a license model, that impact is sitting on North American wholesale growth. Without that impact, we would have been up mid-20%. Now, that is going to continue. We lap out of that transition in August, and there is about $17 million of revenue in the first-half of fiscal '23. So, you will see that continue, but we expect the underlying growth in wholesale to be quite healthy, and we're very encouraged by the progress that we're making there, but you will see that in the first-half of fiscal '23.
Jane Nielsen: And Omar, on your question about local sites, we opened up 20 local sites this quarter. They tend to be smaller markets. We opened North Africa, the Middle East, some larger markets; Australia, and Korea were also local sites that we opened this quarter. It was one of our key investments as we exited the second-half of this year and will continue as we move into next year. So, we're very pleased with our ability to reach digitally new markets in local language and local shift to addresses and we think that's going to be a very positive driver as we move forward.
Jane Nielsen: So, we don't guide our regions exclusively, but we think that North America is positioned for strong growth as we move forward. We are very pleased about North America becoming an engine of growth. We expect Asia to be driven by the reopening of Japan, which would have significant market shutdowns through this year. And also China, while we contemplated the shutdowns in Shanghai and some of the key cities for Q1, which are material, Shanghai alone is 40% of our China business. We still expect strong double-digit growth as we exit the year, this year for China. We've seen China being very resilient through COVID. Our consumer scores there are some of the highest we have around the world, and we have seen very strong continued digital momentum even store comps have come back. So, we are very bullish about our China business. You saw it very sequentially strengthened this quarter. We are realistic about the impact of the shutdowns, but we have contemplated that for Q1, and still expect strong double-digit growth in China.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks for the question, Bob. You saw our inventory increase in the fourth quarter. That was two factors. One, over the past three quarters, our sales numbers has significantly exceeded our inventory growth numbers. And so, this quarter we move to reset some of our inventory level. In addition and as I think as we've talked about, we made a move to take inventory earlier, especially for our wholesale account. And so, to address the challenge that you said, we want to maximize full price selling in our wholesalers. And so, you've seen us take inventories earlier. And hold it longer due to some of the supply chain delays that we are still experiencing and expect to experience through the first few quarters of this year. We have seen great partnership with our retailers. They are appreciative of our moves to secure their inventory and supply. And we feel great about our wholesale inventories. While they were up 16% this quarter, our sell out was up almost mid 20%, so, very healthy inventory, and no resistance at all in terms of taking our assortments and truly great partners in terms of our move to secure inventory for them.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jay. As we look at our capital allocation priority, it really hasn't change. So, number one is to invest in our business. And you saw -- take our CapEx up largely for growth-oriented initiatives, new stores. We are planning to open 200 new stores this year, which is a big step up from this year. We opened about 122. Digital infrastructure is an area of investment. And we feel great about digitizing our supply chain which is an important productive initiative. So, we are investing in our business and that's our first priority. From a balance sheet capital allocation perspective, first take up our dividend 9%, and we are committed to returning excess free cash flow to shareholders. We repurchased about $450 million of shares last year. We still have 1.6 remaining on our authorization. And expect to be able to continue -- returning excess cash to shareholders through this year about the same level you saw us do last year. So, we are encouraged by the health of our balance sheet. And we are encourage by our opportunity to invest in our business.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. So, we are encouraged by the underlying growth of our Europe business as we moved forward. The biggest impact that we see is FX. While we did see some pullback in Q4 with the war in the Ukraine, we are seeing consumers subsequently respond well and see nice traffic into our stores. So, we are encouraged by the European consumer. The underlying growth we expect to be consistent with our long-term guidance which was in the mid single digit range. And we expect Europe to be in that range this year -- mid to high single digit range this year. And we've fully contemplated some of the impact of the Ukraine war and impact to European sentiment in their guidance. It was about 1% of sale when we stopped shipment to Russia and Ukraine, and probably another percent in terms of overall overhang of the war to consumer sentiment.
