Roger Farah: Yes, Adrianne, let me just cover a couple of the questions you've got in there. One, the fourth quarter results we've reported is a bit of a Haley's Comet. The unusual combination of an extra week, the loss of Easter, the loss of the week after Christmas, really is a bit of a false read that I think Tracey tried to capture for you. If you take the run rate of sales through our third quarter, adjusted fourth quarter and the guidance we’ve provided for first quarter, you'll see that business really is quite strong, and really, all merchandise categories in all regions and all channels are contributing to that. So we're actually encouraged with the customers' response to our products and strategies. We did not take many price increases in the spring, even though we began to see some costs rising, but we have for fall. And those increases really are very dependent on the price point of the product and the merchandise categories. The actual cost-of-goods inflation, depending on the products, range from low- to mid-single-digits all the way up into the low-20s. And when you look at the breadth of product we have from the highest levels of collection in Purple Label down to products we make for Chaps, for Cole's [Kenneth Cole] and Penney's [J.C. Penney], some of the bigger cost movements were in the lower portion of that pyramid, and that's where we were more cautious about passing on the products as they came through. I also believe, and this is one person's opinion, that the cost of goods that we've all seen and read and talk so much about will begin to moderate into spring and fall of next year. I think that the supply and demand imbalance was real, and some of the other costs got run up for other reasons, and I think the more natural supply and demand will begin to take effect as we look at next year. So our point of view has been, we're not going to alter the quality, we're not going to alter the materials, trim, findings or the cut of the products. We're not going to alter where we make goods because our principles of product and product integrity has been so critical to our success, we think the customers want the same product and are going to pay more for it where appropriate. And then I think this pig in a python is going to play itself out over the next couple of seasons. We raised our gross margin in the last 7 years 900 basis points. So I think we've become very expert at sourcing, logistics and distribution, merchandising and really felt that a short-term blip was not something to throw us off our strategic mission. So a lot of that's embedded in your question, and I've expanded it in an effort to try to cover some of what I know is on all of your minds.
Roger Farah: No, I think that our point of view, Bob, was really about the high-end customer, the luxury customer, the higher parts of our distribution, the customer there who has been so voracious in their appetite for our products will pay higher prices where fair value is provided. And then we were more cautious with merchandise categories that were in other channels of distribution where we think the customer is going to be squeezed with a lot of inflationary things coming at them in the fall, and so we were more cautious with those product categories. But it really wasn't split across men's, women's, kid's or home or accessories.
Roger Farah: Yes, it's a good question, David, and I've got 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 tattooed on my forehead. We've had extraordinary growth in Europe. As you can see, we're putting together and seeing strong growth in Asia, excluding the issues in Japan for the moment. The only trouble is the U.S. keeps growing, and it's outrunning our estimates. So while we keep growing internationally, we're growing equally fast domestically. And I think as the Internet has added to the U.S. distribution pattern both our own and Wholesale as we keep launching new product categories like footwear, dresses, handbags, denim. The U.S. growth is equal to the extraordinary international growth. So I think as Tracey gave you some guidance to the first quarter and the full year, we are actually getting growth around the horn. And I think one of the surprises to us, and perhaps to all of you, was the strong core domestic Wholesale growth in the U.S. So I'm not sure how we're going to get to the 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 when the U.S. keeps growing, but we'll try.
Roger Farah: Yes, it's a good question. Each of those markets were run by a separate license group. So as we took back Japan, separate from China, Hong Kong, separate from Korea, each one of those were the transition of a long-term license to our ownership and control. And the Japanese business and the South Korea business are really heavily driven by department store shop-in-shops, and those marketplaces are heavily dominated by department store shop-in-shops. Those businesses, over many years, had a focus of men's casual, Blue Label sportswear. And in Japan, where we've had control of the business longer, we've seen tremendous reaction from the customer as we've begun to elevate product in women's and in kids and in other product categories as we've added visual enhancements and clarity, as we've sharpened our message, pre the earthquake and tsunami, we were beginning to see nice trends in what overall was a tough market. And one of the guidance issues for '12 isn't that Japan is not beginning to show some recovery from that, but it was against what our run rates would have been prior to that. Korea, where in fact, we've now had the business only for 5 months, we took on a terrific team of people that came with the acquisition, who really knew their products. And although the licensee did run down the inventories as we got to the end of the license in December, so we started January at a low level. As we've replenished inventory through the last 5 months, the customer there has responded, and that market has responded to better products, more elevated products and more fashion. So we feel very good about the long-term opportunity in Korea. Of course, many of you know that a lot of the business is in Seoul, Korea, and a lot of that business is fueled by Chinese tourists. Pricing in South Korea is less than it is in the mainland of China. So there is a healthy tourist component coming into Korea for shopping weekends. The year we've had China, Hong Kong and the rest of the Dickson portfolio has also been one of a slightly different challenge because we had to build an organization from scratch. We had no history on the merchandise. We had no infrastructure. Unlike the Japanese and Korea acquisition where we took on an existing team, we really had to build an organization from day one and get to know the stores and the territories. The other issue is that, that market will be dominated by stand-alone retail into the future. They're not really embedded in a department store-driven distribution channel. So our ability to identify and acquire key locations, both in major cities and more suburban malls will be a key to that market. We are clearly underdeveloped in women's. We're clearly underdeveloped in accessories and kids, and I think our goal would be to elevate and refine the men's business we have over time. The other thing I would just say so it doesn't get lost in the small print of the script, the Chinese are traveling the world. And many of the luxury brands that I talked to, talked powerfully about the impact of the Chinese tourist in their other international locations, like Paris or London or Milan or Switzerland. So we believe as we build up the proper presence and consistent with our global image in China, we will see those customers and the lift in our business in Europe, which we don't really get much of today. So it's really a holistic approach to the Chinese customer, slightly different than the Japanese and Korean markets that we think is absolutely exciting for the medium-term and long-term for this company. Let's continue to take questions. I know we're a little long because the end-of-the-year report was more robust , but we'll keep fielding questions for another few minutes.
Roger Farah: Yes. And answer to your question about the Japanese tourist. I mean, clearly, in the 2 months right after the earthquake and tsunami, the tourist travel in Japan was dramatically down, although quite frankly, the Chinese tourist is today the dominant influence in really the gateway cities. One of the interesting subjects that's not often reported is the difficulty that Chinese tourists have to get visas to visit in the United States. So today, many of the tourists that are traveling out of China are really going to Europe. While that's a wonderful trip and a wonderful experience, we'd love to get more of them into the United States. But nevertheless, where you see Hawaii or other Asian destinations for tourism, the Japanese tourist is staying closer to home, although I think it's going to be a quarter-to-quarter update. We're already seeing some recovery in the mood and the spirit in Japan. There's definitely an attitude of trying to move on, and then we'll see how that plays out for the tourist business. But the headline issue on the tourist business is the Chinese, and their impact on the global shopping pattern, as I said earlier, is extraordinary, not just in their home market but as they move to other countries.
Roger Farah: Yes. Tracey's answer is complete. The only thing that I would add is the question to Jacki as we transition from what was a licensed textile business to own. We're obviously taking on expenses that used to be licensed, same for Korea, from a licensed category bringing it in-house. The launch of Denim & Supply, which is a new business, which comes with expenses before we start shipping. So we believe, Faye, that those will begin to moderate as we come full circle on most of the key license activities. And as we continue to see the kind of sales increases we've enjoyed, my expectation is we'll be able to leverage the expense line. And if I'm right, we'll begin to see, over the next 12 months, supply and demand get in better alignment, which will help mitigate some of the margin impacts.  So I know we've run long this morning. We tried to cover a lot of information on fourth quarter, fiscal '12, some small highlights of the next 3-year outlook and what our focuses are going to be. We're very excited about the consumer trends and reactions to our strategies. We'll see how the fall pricing impacts. My guess is Polo Ralph Lauren product will continue to win and take market share, but when we get together in August to talk about early reads on fall, I think we'll have a better idea. So thank you for listening, and I appreciate your questions. We'll talk to you shortly.
