Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, I think what we're seeing is Polo -- the Polo brand continues to resonate very strongly with consumers on the men's side of the business. As you know, we're just launching Women's Polo now and the response that we've seen from customers and from consumers to the showroom exposure that we've given has been very strong and from the fashion press has been very strong to the Polo Women's lineup. We've only had the Polo Women's brand and market for about 2 weeks in really a couple of stores, though the Women's Polo launch is really going to be more broadly distributed over the next couple of months as we get into the fall season. But we're starting to already see very encouraging trends from the first few distribution points that we've had on the Women's Polo line. So I think we think with the strength of the Polo brand globally, with the launch of the flagship store in New York, with the launch of the Women's Polo line, which really is a new brand introduction for us and with some of the other exciting things that Jacki talked about on the men's tailored clothing lineup, we think we have a lot of product innovation and news behind that brand that gives us the confidence to expand the Polo distribution through freestanding retail stores worldwide.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So let me start with the first one on the current fiscal year. So I think if you look at the trajectory of the current fiscal year, what we're seeing is that the peak quarter for our investment spending is really the second quarter that we're just about to enter here. And many of the strategic investments that we're making are going to have significant revenue impacts that impact the back half of the year. And that includes both a number of the retail stores that we're opening, whether it's the Fifth Avenue Polo store, the Lee Garden flagship store, the Singapore store and a number of others that will have a much more significant impact in terms of revenue growth in the back half than the front half. The second thing I would say on that is that when we look at our plan from a wholesale standpoint and from an e-commerce standpoint around the world, we're anticipating, from the visibility that we've had through bookings and through some of the initiatives that we have coming, acceleration in those businesses as well in the back half of the year versus the front half of the year. Recall that for the spring/summer season, if you look at the last 2 quarters, combined, in wholesale, we generated 10% revenue growth. So we're coming off very successful spring/summer season relative to the competitive environment. So that characterizes, if you will, the current fiscal year. I think if you look at the longer-term perspective about the investments and how is this likely to play out over the next several years, I think the thing that we're looking at is that if you look at some of the investments that we're making in infrastructure, we believe that whether it's SAP, whether it's the e-commerce replatforming effort or other infrastructure investments that we're making, those infrastructure investments I would characterize in the short term as being primarily in the investment mode. But I think we're going to start to see the benefits from those increase and the investment spending decrease as it plays out over the next several years. These are multiyear projects. But that should lead to improved margins over the mid- to long term on that part of the spending. If you look at the marketing and advertising step-up that we're doing this year, I think that marketing and advertising step-up, we believe, is right for the long-term brand equity and health of the business. And I think we expect that step-up in marketing and advertising to lead to stronger consumer demand over time, certainly as we increase our awareness in countries that have low awareness today like Greater China, but also as we increase the desirability and demand for the product in our more established markets. And then, if you look at the global retail store development spending -- step-up in spending that we're doing this year, I think what you're going to see there is we're likely to be at an accelerated pace for the next several years as we begin to -- or as we continue to expand the retail stores around the world, particularly in international markets. But I think the onetime sort of step-up of preopening costs that's hitting us this year is likely to be more consistent year-over-year as we get to the outer years. And we'll start to see the benefits from some of the stores that we're opening today flow through from a revenue and profitability standpoint.
Christopher H. Peterson: So I think I'll take the first question and then hand over to Jacki. I think if you look at the geographic trends, I think that, certainly, we're expecting the international business to grow at an accelerated pace versus the U.S. business. The U.S. business is our most mature business. It represents about 2/3 of the company's revenue. And we have very strong positions, leading positions, in most of the categories in which we compete in the U.S. So we do have a plan that we believe will generate market share gains in the U.S. for the balance of the year. But if the U.S. market, broadly defined as growing sort of at a low-single-digit rate, I think we have a plan that allows us to grow faster than that, but likely not at the sort of high-single-digits is baked in. I think where we get to those types of numbers from a consolidated view is because we have a much more aggressive revenue plan, if you will, in the international markets. And that has to do with the fact that in many of these markets, we are under-distributed relative to the potential size of the markets. So I think we've talked a little bit in the past that 2/3 of our business is in the U.S., but 2/3 of the market is outside of the U.S. So if we were able to capture the same market share outside of the U.S. that we have inside the U.S., it would imply the international business would be 4x as big as it is today. We're not going to get there this year. But certainly, we think we've got an opportunity for accelerated growth in the international markets and I think we've seen that play out in the first quarter with strong double-digit growth in Europe and double-digit growth in Asia as well.
Christopher H. Peterson: Okay, no problem. I guess I'd start by saying our investment spending buckets have different lives to them. So I think we had talked that this is the peak year of the investment in SAP. Although the SAP project will continue over multiple years because we'll finish the U.S. this year, we'll been in to the Europe implementation next year. This year we're both completing the U.S. and investing in Europe. So year-over-year, that investment spend would be lower next year. On the flip side, the e-commerce replatforming investment that we're doing that we've just kicked off is a 2- to 3-year project in terms of investment spend before we convert to the new platform and that spending is likely to increase next year versus this year. So each of the investment, strategic investment areas, have a slightly different life. That being said, if you were to step back and look at the longer-term algorithm of what we're shooting for from a financial target standpoint, I think what we're shooting for is a high-single-digit revenue growth is what we would like to try to achieve. I said in the past that, given the macroeconomic situation in any given particular period of time, we're prepared for mid-single-digits, but I think we're shooting for high-single-digits. I also think that, over the sort of 3- to 5-year time horizon, we're shooting for operating margin to be higher than where we are today because we certainly think that we can drive leverage in the business through that type of revenue growth. It's not going to be a straight line in terms of how we get from where we are today to those targets over sort of a 3- or 5-year period because it's going to depend on the pace and the sequencing of the investment spending. That being said, we obviously have not given guidance for fiscal '16 and we'll plan to do that and give a more specific update on that in our normal guidance timing where we typically give sort of some initial view on the January call and then a more specific set of guidance on the May call.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. The stores that have Polo Women's are Short Hills in New Jersey. The East Hampton store has Polo Women's. And I think it's going to be coming over the next couple of weeks in a much broader assortment of stores.
Christopher H. Peterson: The preopening costs, I think, we don't disclose at that level of detail. But what we have disclosed, for example, is the rent on the Fifth Avenue Polo store, which is $25 million a year. And so obviously, we're paying that rent without any revenue right now. We also have invested significantly in hiring staff, so that we're ready to open the store, which we're paying salaries to. We're spending significant money on fit-out and capital, some of which is on the balance sheet, some of which is expensed. So it's fair to say that the peak investment in that particular store is happening in the second quarter and there was significant investment in the first quarter. The same is true of the Lee Gardens flagship and the same is true of the step-up in the pace that we're doing of global store rollouts around the world. So that gives you a little bit of a flavor. I think we've said in the past that, if you look in total at the investment spending behind the company's strategic investments for this year, global infrastructure, marketing and advertising and global store development, the global store development piece of that was -- they were relatively evenly split between those 3s in terms of their impact on the operating margin.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, I believe -- I think it will be a peak year for us because although we're going to keep building stores, once you have the preopening costs in the base financials, the year-over-year impact shouldn't be as great next year because we will have had peak -- we will have had just the preopening costs in the base for this year. And so if we maintain that level of -- the same level or consistent level of global retail development going forward, we won't have a year-over-year impact from preopening costs because it's already in the base once it's gotten into this year. And on the flip side, we should start to benefit from the revenue and the profitability from the accelerated pace of new store openings.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, you're right. All 3 of those would have a tendency to be gross margin accretive because our retail segment operates at a higher gross margin than wholesale. Our international business operates at a higher gross margin than our U.S. business. And of course, the accessories category can be characterized with higher gross margins than the apparel category. And so as we're driving those initiatives, we do expect that. I think the reason we called out the retail -- or the channel mix, in particular this quarter, was because we had the retail segment in the first quarter growing substantially faster than the wholesale segment in the first quarter. So that was clearly the biggest driver in terms of mix impact in Q1. I think relative to this fiscal year, I think all 3 will be important contributors to gross margin. Probably, given where we're looking, I think that the retail segment growth relative to the wholesale segment growth will probably have, in this current fiscal year, the biggest impact out of those 3. But I expect all 3 to be important contributors to gross margin over the next several years. On the flip side, obviously, the retail segment also comes with higher SG&A than the wholesale segment, and so we're working very hard to globalize much of the company's infrastructure so that we can leverage scale from the revenue growth regardless of whether it comes from the retail or the wholesale segment. And that's part of the operational changes that we've made in management to try to leverage more capability on a global basis that can apply omni-channel.
Christopher H. Peterson: So on the markdowns, actually our gross margin for the first quarter came in a little better than we expected when we gave guidance in May. So we really didn't see any year-over-year impact in our business from incremental markdowns versus the year ago period. It was a more promotional environment, but we are able to weather through that without a significant impact on our gross margins. If you look at the consolidated gross margin of the company during the first quarter, obviously, the gross margin was up and it would have been up even more than what was reported if it wasn't for foreign currency impact on European inventory purchases where we have a hedging program in place that we had a gain in that year ago period. So that sort of answers, I think, the first question. On the second quarter and full year in terms of gross margin, I think we expect -- we don't give guidance specifically on gross margin, but I expect our gross margin trends that we saw in the first quarter to roughly continue for the balance of the year. But I think we're looking at a year that has gross margin improvement throughout the balance of the year, relatively consistent with the first quarter. And then in terms of the early spring order books from wholesale, from Europe, in particular, I think Europe, we were very encouraged by the results from Europe in the first quarter and we talked a little bit about that. It really started to -- we've had continued strong growth in our retail stores over, really, the last year. We had a period where we pulled back on wholesale shipments and we were annualizing that, which we annualized last October-November type period. And so we started to see a return to growth in the wholesale channel in Europe and that trend started in the fourth quarter of last year, continued in the first quarter of this year and I think we expect that strength in the wholesale channel to continue for the balance of the year. And we're seeing that in the order books.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, so I'll start on e-commerce. So e-commerce, we're at sort of a different place by region. So in the U.S., we have a very strong and well-developed e-commerce business that's at scale, that has margins in the U.S. e-commerce business that are at or above the balance of our U.S. business. So in the U.S., when -- if a consumer moves from a brick-and-mortar sale to an e-commerce sale, it is a good thing for us from a profitability standpoint. In Europe, because we started it later in Europe on e-commerce, we're just getting to scale. So this is the first year in e-commerce that we're going to turn from being in investment mode to being in profitability. And so as the scale builds in Europe, which we're seeing very strong trends, we expect the profitability in Europe e-commerce to increase significantly as that business begins to scale. And in Asia where we've just launched e-commerce for the first about a year or 2 ago, we started with Japan and then we came with Korea and we're working on Greater China and Southeast Asia, we're still in investment mode. So we're still not profitable, but it's because we're investing in getting the business up and running and we certainly expect, over time, that business to have a strong margin profile.
Christopher H. Peterson: I think it was a relatively minor amount. I think when we gave guidance at the beginning of the quarter, we thought that wholesale revenues, overall, would be relatively flat. And I think what we reported was down about 4%. And so I think the primary driver of that difference was in the wholesale receipt plans, particularly related to the summer and fall shipments where some of the shipments moved from the first quarter to the second quarter. So I think that was really the driver of that change, if you will.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, so Denim & Supply, we've opened a number of doors around the world. I think we have 10 to 15 stores. We have 2 in the U.S. We have a number in Asia and a number in Europe. And I think what we're doing with Denim & Supply is we're working on optimizing the merchandising and assortment plans of those retail formats in a way that gives us confidence to accelerate the pace of further store rollouts. We're still very early in the Denim & Supply brand. I think we've launched the Denim & Supply brand 2 or 3 years ago. We're encouraged by the progress that we're seeing from the stores that we've opened to date. But we want to optimize, given that we've got 10 or 15 open, before we really accelerate. And then on Club Monaco, we have accelerated the pace of store openings. And so if you look at Club Monaco, I think that, not only with the Fifth Avenue flagship in Manhattan, some of the refurbishments of some of the other stores, but we're opening a significant pace of stores in Asia as well. We have 2 new stores that are about to open in London, one in Sloane Square, one in Redchurch that we're very excited about that we'll open in the next few months. And so that business is really resonating with the consumer. And we see an opportunity there to go a little faster.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: So David, on the relevance of our Ralph Lauren brands and the appeal to younger consumers, this is something that the company is highly focused on, starting with Ralph, and it's continuous. The -- it's something, as we look at our Polo portfolio, let me start with Polo Women's. When you see the product, our advertising campaign, the attitude of the way the product is styled and the environment in which we have placed the consumer, you will see that this is the centerpiece of the appeal of the Polo Women's brand. We've already, although it's just in the first couple of weeks as the product has started to hit some of our stores, we're absolutely seeing that younger consumer responding to the brand. And it's in attitude, it's in fit and the overall appeal, while keeping our heritage, the spirit of the brand, the fit of the brand, really is driven towards this young contemporary customer. In our Polo clothing, one of the important things, as we took that license back, was really about creating a new and younger attitude, both in fit and appropriate price point as an entry point to our Polo brand and our Ralph Lauren portfolio. And the early response on that has been quite favorable. In our luxury product, Black Label really speaks to a much more contemporary viewpoint and customer and we're continually really refreshing and updating that product and that point of view and meeting with outstanding results. We see the same thing in RRL brand, and while it's really about heritage, it's about authenticity, which that younger consumer really relates to and we're seeing excellent momentum in our RRL brand. Our Denim & Supply brand speaks directly to the millennial consumer and that brand was introduced about 2 years ago. And it's growing at double-digit rates year-over-year for the past couple of years and we don't see any change in that. And we have another significant door rollout beginning this fall. So as I've said, the momentum there has been quite good. And in our accessory opportunity, we're also appealing to that younger customer. When you have the opportunity to see the new Polo Women's product, both the footwear and accessories, that we're selling and seeing some early success and we're now intent on expanding those categories in Polo Women's, have a very young, hip attitude. And I think you'll quickly see visually, as soon as you have an opportunity to see our new store opening, to really identify with why, in fact, we feel that our brands are so relevant to the younger consumer.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: And of course, our Fifth Avenue store opens August 28. We have gotten early reads from our business in Japan where we opened in Isetan and in our own Omotesando store. We have early reads from Korea that are also quite favorable. And these are markets that have a very young, spirited customer and attitude. And if it resonates there, we're quite optimistic about how it will resonate throughout the world. So those are some of the early reads we've had.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Faye, in response to your comment regarding Denim & Supply and RRL, as I was answering David's question regarding the relevance of our Ralph Lauren brands to younger consumers, I was very specifically highlighting some of the brand concepts that are directly appealing and some new characteristics about our brands that we have now added as I talked about Polo Women's and the new Polo clothing and so forth and more recent brands like Denim & Supply. But we had a season in spring/summer that outpaced the stores' results and with particular strengths in Polo; in our footwear business, which was spectacular; our accessory business, which is running up double-digits; and a nice Chaps season. So I think that never meant to imply that these were and these weren't, but just to give you a little broader view.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: It's actually our largest business in China with license partners who accelerated another 20 stores this year and have plans for even greater growth next year as it's one of their top performing brands within their portfolio. I believe, it's the top brand -- performing brand. So thank you for your continued interest in the company. And we're, as you can see, working on many exciting initiatives. And there's a lot of important progress planned over our next few months and we look forward to updating you on that. Thanks, everyone.
