Robert L. Madore: Yeah, thank you, Omar. The biggest changes that we've made to support and strengthen the quality of sale that we're seeing in Asia is to really significantly cut back on our promotional stance two different ways. One, significantly shortening the length of promotion. And two, just the depth of the discounting and the markdown. And what we've seen is overall from a quality of sale perspective, whether it's looking at discount rate, which has decreased significantly. We've seen a very significant increase in average unit retail. And although we've seen a more moderate decrease in UPTs, overall it's driving a stronger average transaction value for us. That's been the biggest change and the biggest benefit that we've seen from that.
Robert L. Madore: I mean, one other thing, Omar, related to the Asia quality of sale improvement. We've also done an in-depth analysis of points of distribution and we reduced approximately 48 points of distribution in Asia this quarter that we felt really didn't properly represent the brand but at the same time we also identified a number of additional points of distribution. So, for an example, in our wholesale channel, which is a relatively small business in Asia, but we saw in the quarter a 48% increase in the number of shops in our wholesale channel, too. So it's both cutting back on promotions, whether it's depth, length, but then also making sure that we're in the correct points of distribution for the brands.
Robert L. Madore: Yeah. So thank you, Michael. Relative to your first question on the SG&A cost savings. The majority of our restructuring activities are more heavily weighted to the second half of the year. So for instance, our organizational changes were just made in June. So, you'll start to see the benefit of those in Q2, but they'll be much more heavily weighted to the second half. Of the overall savings that we discussed and quantified at the Investors Day relative to the Way Forward Plan of $445 million, that's a gross number. It doesn't represent net savings that'll drop to the bottom line, and all of those savings essentially represent SG&A savings, not cost of goods savings. So more heavily weighted to the second half related to your question on SG&A expenses, particularly as it relates to completion of our anticipated store closures. So, we communicated 50-plus closures. We're actually looking a little deeper at that number, and relative to that 50-plus, we closed eight in Q1. So again, our store closures are more heavily weighted towards the second half of the year, and that's purposeful because we had committed to inventory buys for a lot of those stores and we want to be able to liquidate them through those doors. Relative to the revenue guidance for the remainder of the year, and then I'll turn the question over to Stefan to talk about the guidance for the longer-term period, the high, the mid/high teens are really being driven by, again, timing of store closures, timing related to a number of quality of sale initiatives, whether it's pulling back significantly on inventory receipts which will reduce sales, whether it's the impact of pricing harmonization within regions and channels, et cetera, and we also don't expect as much benefit from sales mix shifts as we've seen in Q1 in particular.
Robert L. Madore: Yeah. So it's really driven by a combination of things, some of which I've already mentioned. Store closures plays a big role in that as it relates to the retail business. We are planning retail comps at the mid to high single digit level for the remainder of the year. In addition to that, as we said there's a number of quality of sale initiatives that are being undertaken, whether it's pulling back inventory receipts, whether it's significantly reducing promotional cadence, both timeframe and depth of those. All of that is going to drive a pullback on the revenue side of things but it will help strengthen the brand and improve our profitability going forward. Those are the main drivers. One other item worth noting, which is very significant, is pricing harmonization across all the regions. And we found as we did our deep assessment of the business and the challenges that that was a huge issue for us particularly in North America across all our channels and that's a very important initiative.
Robert L. Madore: Yeah, so the impact of the timing of the wholesale shipments in the first quarter were roughly about $20 million. And then relative to the comp performance, Europe had a low single digit negative comp in the first quarter.
Robert L. Madore: Yeah, you should think of that guidance as mid- to high-single-digit decrease. Really again, driven particularly in North America by the pricing harmonization and the other quality of sale initiatives. We are clearly looking to be much less promotional within that channel.
Robert L. Madore: Yes. Thank you, Jay. So the criteria with which we selected stores for closure was really two fold. One was is the store strategic in strengthening the brand? And then secondly, the overall level of profitability were the major drivers, and the major criteria that we looked at. Yes. We are looking at possibly closing more than 50 stores. There were some stores that went through our initial evaluation using those criteria that we may have felt were strategic, and that we could turn the productivity around in the stores. And we're going back and just validating that and questioning that.
Robert L. Madore: Yeah, so, the first quarter was benefited from a few things that we consider to be kind of one time in nature, right? So one was the significant favorable sales mix shifts that we experienced from products, geography in a channel perspective. We don't see that magnitude of favorability on the go-forward. With respect to the impact on inventory reserves, and that's really a commentary relative to the guidance that we gave, that as we were working through and executing on our inventory initiatives, whether they're restructuring or other initiatives, what we found is that we did not have to record the level of inventory reserves that we had initiatively estimated when we gave our guidance. So it was just a function of refinement of our restructuring and inventory management activities that were going to be one time in nature relative to the visibility we had when we gave guidance versus how we're seeing things play out as we look at the plans materializing relative to the forecast going forward.
Robert L. Madore: Yep. So e-commerce comps were down mid single digits. We had better performance in Europe than we experienced in North America. In North America, our top line revenue was impacted by two things primarily. One again was the pricing harmonization that we talked about. And then also, cutting back on our promotions. We cut back significantly on the length of the promotions, the number of promotions and the discount rate depth relative to how we've historically operated. That's really what drove the North American performance.
Stefan Larsson: When it comes to Jeff Kuster, who just started, as I mentioned in my opening remark, he is starting with an assessment of the challenge in North America and diagnosing that in detail so we get a facts based view on what we are up against. And then we are pivoting to building a plan to increase quality of sales in North America. So differences there, Omar, coming back to your question, there are definitely differences in Asia and North America based on channel differences as being one big difference. But it comes back to how we plan the inventory, how we buy the inventory to demand, how our promotional strategy, our promotional execution and how that plays across channels. That's why the fact based diagnosis is so important. Jeff just started three, four weeks ago and he is underway with the team and will work with the different channels and that's where we're going to add the most value in this analysis, and coming back, that's what gives me the most confidence when it comes to a plan to increase quality of sales. But we are doing this for the first time cross-channel and we're going to do it together with our biggest customers as well. So we are looking forward to come back and provide our insights when we get them.
Stefan Larsson: Let's see. Yes. It's not a 50% and 90% reduction of lead time. We're moving – it's a 50% – we're going be 50% on a nine-month lead time by the end of this year and we're going be 90% on a nine-month lead time by next year. As I mentioned on the Investor Day, the biggest change here is a cultural change and it's a change of how we work as a team. So instead of working in a sequential way where you hand over function by function and by that you build in slack in the lead times and you extend the lead times, we are working together cross functionally. So, one thing that has really excited me over the first couple of months digging into the Way Forward execution with the team is to break down the silos, to have design, merchandising, sourcing, sales distribution channel at the table from the first design idea all the way in to selling the actual product. And just by that, we cut a lot of time from the lead times. And then it's about going and mapping through and Halide Alagöz is leading that work. She's mapping every single component of the current lead times and looking at how is every component and every day and hour spent adding value to driving brand strength and profitable sales growth and driving a stronger assortment. And I can say that I'm very encouraged by the facts that we are digging up, that we will be 90% on a nine-month lead time by the end of next year. Parallel to that is going be the eight-week test of rapid response pipeline because that's going be a big enabler as well that in a very short period of time we're going to be able to test any and every new big product idea before we go big. And rapid response part of that is to say when we sell something and we see a bigger demand than expected, we will be able to much faster chase back into those products.
Stefan Larsson: Thanks, Bob. And to build on what Bob just said, Michael, when it comes to the phasing of the Way Forward Plan and the financial outlook we gave on a four-year basis, if you look at – let's start with the phasing. We guided top line, from a phase perspective, to reset and stabilize 2017, moving into 2018, and then pivot to growth. And so why Q3 and Q4, why we should expect an increase in the sales – a decrease of sales in Q3 and Q4 versus the current trend, it comes back to the work Jeff and his team is doing in North America. Given how our – how big North America is of our overall business, the assessment that Jeff and his teams come back with will include several additional quality of sales initiatives. So that's why we have guided the way we have guided.
Stefan Larsson: Okay. Thank you, Lindsay. So let's try to cover all your questions. So starting with Jeff and his team's work in North America, how soon you will see that come through. What I can say there is it's top priority. It's by far our top priority to assess the North American challenge. And as soon as we have clarity within the next few months, we will start to implement additional quality of sales initiatives. So we keep you posted on a more detailed schedule. But the ambition is full speed forward to assess, get the fact based and then lay out the plan and start executing it right away. So, we should see an impact at the end of this year. When it comes to friends and family and other couponing initiatives are on the table, everything is on the table. Then it's – everything is on the table, and then we look at, how do we drive brand strength and sustainable profitable sales growth in a responsible way from where we are to where we are heading. Eight-week speed pipeline. So I mentioned a few times before that coming into this role, the wholesale relationship partnership was new to me, and I was blown away by our biggest customers and their willingness to take on the challenge together with us. So, they are waiting for us to come back and say, relating to the eight week speed pipeline and a number of other areas to say how can we partner up and create joint value out of this. Because when we get into a more balanced inventory and cut most of the excess out and be able to react on eight weeks, then we will be able to create value not only for us but for them. And they are very clear on that. So we have an ongoing dialogue with them, and they are waiting for us to be ready to start to execute on it. What excites me is to see by the speed Halide and her team has come into not only assessing the state but also reaching out to the suppliers. As I mentioned, we went to Asia, Halide and I, and met with our key suppliers. The suppliers that were there represent 70% approximately of our total volume. And we invited them into co-create this journey, to co-create the sourcing part of the Way Forward Plan, which also it didn't surprise me because I'm more experienced from working closely with sourcing partners that they were more than ready to dive in. So, I've seen several concrete examples of how working differently we'll be able to increase quality, decrease the cost and increase the flexibility and the speed.
Stefan Larsson: Okay. Thank you, Dana. So when it comes to the product part of the Way Forward Plan, it's all going to be about going back to the core of what made us iconic, and the core of what drives the business, and the core of what the consumer already loves. So the core for us is what we have been known for which is classic, iconic style, and how you will see that refocus and evolving the core, the work that we're doing, how you will see that is that you will gradually see it in spring 2017 and then gradually season by season you will see the core being focused on in terms of, we will make sure that we have an updated classic, iconic style that has an effortless twist that makes it current today. So it's about – you will see that the core from everything from placement to presentation to marketing, it will cut through and it will be one message and it will be a core that is updated and relevant for today.
Stefan Larsson: Okay. Thank you, David. So when it comes to tradeoffs, what's been very encouraging to see is that coming back to the work behind and the drivers behind moving from 15 to nine months to start with and adding the eight-week test pipeline, it comes very much back to the disciplined approach of working cross functionally from design idea all the way into the store, and reading the sales and responding to that. So working with Halide and her team and putting sourcing at the table upfront together with design and merchandising has led to that we have been able to move towards the nine-month lead time, have an eight-week speed, increase the quality at the same time as we see costs on comparable products go down. So Halide has, like everyone else working on the Way Forward Plan, she has started – she and her team have started focusing on the core. And that is what will make the biggest difference from a consumer perspective and from a business perspective. And very encouraging to see that we're able to cut the lead times, increase the quality, decrease the price at the same time – decrease the cost price.
Stefan Larsson: And longer term, John, in terms of the e-commerce role in the Way Forward, it's going to have a really important part. We have mentioned a number of times before that we're going to follow the consumer, where the consumer is going. The consumer is clearly going to e-commerce and mobile first. We are developing an e-commerce platform. Since a while back, we are on target to deliver that. That's going to enable us to not only build a flagship online that's highly aspirational and stands for everything that's Ralph original edition about a life in style and be very focused on the core product strategy, the icon strategy, and it's going be very shoppable at the same time. So when it comes to its role short-term here and now over the next six months, it's going to be a part of Jeff's strategy that he is developing for North America because that's multi-channel and e-commerce is going to play an important role.
Stefan Larsson: Okay. That was the final question. I look at Evren here, and she smiles and nods. So, before we close, I just want to say, on behalf of Ralph, myself and the Board, I would like to thank Bob for all his contributions to the company over the last 12 years. It's going to be your final quarterly call. Thank you. From all of us, and to all of you, thanks for joining on the call today. Look forward to speaking again next quarter.
