Roger N. Farah: Okay, Omar, we talked on the last call, I think, about beginning to see some signs of strengthening business trends in Europe, and I reported the constant currency revenue increase of 8%, which is quite exciting given the market turbulence. Retail has led that charge, and we're excited to see that continue. The wholesale business is actually split by region because what we're seeing is ongoing softness in Italy, Spain and the southern part of Europe. It's partly why we planned for reduced shipments into that specialty distribution in Italy, both in an effort to cut back and also to make sure we could collect on shipments made. And also because the Spanish business, which is very large wholesale customer, with ECI, we planned for lower shipments. That was offset by stronger wholesale business in the northern countries, including Germany and the U.K. and the Scandinavian markets. So even within that headline statement, it's really a by-country conversation, and we actually saw strong sell-throughs in the wholesale shipments for this holiday season. So while I think Europe will continue to be plagued by some uncertainty, we are adjusting our plans, our strategies for a realistic point of view. I think the euro has strengthened, surprisingly, in the recent past. And I think that's a positive. And I think Europe continues to be experiencing tremendous tourism. Albeit slightly off the run rate of earlier in the year, it's still getting large numbers of tourists. And in our case, we continue to look for growing penetration of the Chinese. But until that comes, the Russians, the customers in the Middle East who know us, and interestingly enough, the third-largest tourist customer base in Europe is the Brazilians. So we continue to work both the domestic customer in Europe and the tourist customer. And I think that speaks to our online strategies. It's why we opened additional countries. Our online site is resonating with the customers, as well as the brick-and-mortar strategies that go with it. So all in all, Europe is probably better than we expected as we started this year.
Roger N. Farah: I think, Kate, you know that to find these unique locations takes time. We're very optimistic in the 3 cities we've articulated. We do have a flagship men's store opening up May-June of this year. We think it's going to be the World of Ralph Lauren as the Chinese have never seen it. But when you find the flagships, it's probably a year of dead rent and construction before you open the doors to take your first customers. So it's critical over time we get those. We're stalking them, they're stalking us. But at the end of the day, probably only one will open in fiscal '14.
Roger N. Farah: I think, Liz, we have demonstrated over the years and over the quarters that we do a pretty good job of flowing through profit on incremental sales. And so as we communicate the May results, I would probably not expect ongoing 35% EPS growth every quarter. We're very proud of that. We aspire to that. But that might be a tad bullish.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Chris. I will try to respond to that. As you know, China is still in its infancy. We went through a very big decision to pull down most of the network that had been put in place by a 20-year plus relationship with a licensee, and that has played out over the last 18 months. And thankfully, we're lapping that as we head into the beginning of the new fiscal year. We're on track to open 11 stores this year, plus or minus a few 20 next year. And I think we're beginning to lay the foundation for what, over time, will be a very successful market. The bulk of our Asia Pac sales at the moment are generated in Japan and South Korea, and those are built on a network of shop and shops in the department stores. So we're really more dependent in those 2 key countries on footsteps generated by the department stores and then our ability to get market share within that footstep traffic. This third quarter for us, both of those department store models suffered traffic erosions. So while we think we picked up share, it was a more difficult trading environment. And the new stores in Hong Kong or China are still small in relation to the overall scale of the Korean and the Japanese markets. So the teams over there have worked very hard to refine assortments. We've learned every season more and more about that customer and what they want, and we're now beginning to supplement around it freestanding retail-owned stores in Japan, remerchandising Korea. And then, obviously, the Chinese business serviced in Macau or Taiwan or the Philippines or Malaysia is all oriented towards freestanding retail. I think the big change that maybe you all understand is that the early doors are primarily pure luxury. They are Collection, Black Label, Purple Label, and we feel very good about establishing that business. But we're also now feeling very bullish about the ability to open Polo stores, children's stores and Denim & Supply. So that the overall strategy of distribution in the market is balanced, allows us to attract customers within our pyramid of brands and we're getting good feedback every day on each one of those strategies.
Roger N. Farah: Yes, David, we are very committed to the growth of accessories and, of course, it always depends on what your definition of accessories are. I'm going to use the term broadly to be small leather goods, handbags, footwear, eyewear, jewelry, watches, et cetera. And as you know, it represents a smaller part of our luxury business than most other people considered in the luxury sector. As we are expanding our own retail footprint, we are respacing our stores. A lot of the Asian real estate will be positioned with expanded assortments available in accessories. Clearly the Madison Avenue stores reflect expanded assortments, and Europe will do the same. So we're really in the early stages of giving it main floor expanded space, and we're beginning to see good traction from the customer. At this point, it's not really a strategy loaded with a lot of wholesale expectations, although there'll be some. It's really our ability to deliver a message and a level of expertise in our own brick-and-mortar and e-commerce space. So that is playing out as the new real estate is coming on, and we're encouraged by not only the Ricky Bag, but some of the key merchandise categories that are going to be important to us going forward. As you know, we're pushing very hard on that at a luxury tier. That business is the backbone of most of our luxury competitors at high margins, high productivity. And I think we've said before, and we'll say it again, it's very important. We aspire to penetrations, particularly in Asia where the customer is very oriented towards accessories, to penetrations that are 5 or 6 times what we get today in our normal stores.
Roger N. Farah: Sure. I'll start with the Polo brands. As you know, we represent the most important menswear brands in the industry, in every market we're in, and the backbone of that has been Polo. And I think with all the excitement over the years about Purple Label and Black Label and RLX and all the other initiatives, we're very cognizant that Polo is in high demand around the world. And as we elevated assortments on a Madison Avenue or New Bond Street, we were shrinking the assortments of Polo represented in those stores to highlight the other luxury brands. And what we realized is that there was a tremendous appetite by our customers for what we call the Blue Label products, men's and women's and kids, that we weren't satisfying in the direct-to-customer. We certainly were excelling at the wholesale distribution where there is credible wholesale distribution available. But in parts of Asia and in other parts of the world, where you have to depend on direct-to-customer through your own stores, Brazil would be another example, we really got very excited, and Ralph has really led the charge on envisioning a more complete Polo story that we can take directly to the customer. That could be flagship locations or that could be smaller-sized footprints in appropriate sized markets. The margins on those business are higher than the total. So any incremental penetration of Polo is a positive for the overall company margins. In reference to your first question about -- I like the green shoots in Europe, we think that heading into fiscal '14, most of the recalibration of forward shipments has been done. If you go back about 5 years, the largest 2 wholesale countries for us in Europe were Italy and Spain. And today they're not. And so we've already seen over the course of several seasons and years a shift and a development in Germany, in France, in England and really the Scandinavian markets. But today I think we head into spring shipping for our calendar '14 and for fall bookings, and I think we're beginning to feel like that's leveled out.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Erinn. Let me see if I can condense my thoughts because there's not a single syllable or a single sentence that talks to what has been a multi-year initiative to raise the profitability of retail. Some of you who followed the story over the years knew that, that was one of our core initiatives. And we've come a long way and we continue to exhibit margin upside even in what would be called a tough quarter from macro issues. I think we've just learned to be professional retailers. Our history as a company was really in the licensing and wholesale side of the distribution network, and I think we do that superbly. I think it's interesting, the wholesale team teaches the retail team, and we cross-pollinate best practices in terms of assortments, presentation, sales support, customer service. And then when you overlay the e-commerce business, both in wholesale and retail, I think we're really trying to approach and service a customer in any of the channels they want to shop in on a global basis more consistently. So we're definitely getting more professional about staffing alignments with traffic patterns. We're definitely getting more thoughtful about conversion rates, average dollar transaction, multiple sales, fulfilling orders for customers that may come through the Internet out of the brick-and-mortar if we don't have the inventory or vice versa. And I think we have achieved the level of profitability on the back of extraordinary sales per square foot, and we have driven and continue to drive the sales per square foot as an operating metric. The other thing that we try to focus on, I think to our advantage, is gross margin dollars returned per square foot. So it's not always margin rates or sales per square foot, but it's the ability to develop the dollars per square foot and how you allocate space and how you focus your attention that ultimately has dollars flowing to the bottom line. So there are a lot of things going on that probably would be longer than I could answer here. But I think we've got some real professionals worldwide, and I think we're trying to apply lessons learned in one channel or one product category or one region to the overall corporate initiatives.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Barbara, I'm going to try. And I'm not sure whether 3 to 5 years or whatever we would define as medium and long term. I think the subject in China is really our pyramid of brands and our hierarchy of distribution will primarily occur in retail. So in other markets where we have a balance of retail and wholesale, the wholesale channels tend to carry a lot of Blue Label, a lot of the businesses that are more broad in their appeal and then our retail tends to focus on the more elevated luxury. I think given that China will be dominated by direct-to-consumer, whether brick-and-mortar or e-commerce, we will attempt over time to replicate the pyramid of products from the most elevated, most fashionable, most expensive straight through the hierarchy with a similar profile of real estate. That will partly be determined by square footage and location. It will probably be determined by productivity. And so as we continue to get better brand awareness in a country where our brands are not well known, we have to raise brand awareness about who we are and what we do. We also think beyond China, that will wash out into Europe and the United States and other markets. We just showed some statistics to our board yesterday that showed the Chinese today have now become the #1 luxury customer in the world, and they're 30% of the luxury buying in Europe and they're 15% of the luxury buying in the United States. And so our initiatives in China, while substantial and real, we think will have an extraordinary halo over the rest of the company in multiple locations. And today, it's not a very big part of our total. So our results and our achievements are absent meaningful contribution by the Chinese customer on a worldwide basis. So with that, I'd like to thank you all for listening and participating. We are all very excited about the results. We're very excited about the company's initiative around Sandy. We think we've got a beat on operating metrics for the balance of the year and into next year. So we look forward to updating you in May.
