Patrice Louvet: Great. Dana, thank you for your question. So let me start by saying that, fortunately, we actually entered this crisis in a position of strength and with momentum, right? We have a solid balance sheet and cash position. We've been expanding our direct-to-consumer and digital presence. We've created a more flexible and diversified global supply chain. And we have a brand that credibly flexes across categories, underpinned by values that are really resonating in this moment. Think timelessness, optimism, togetherness, trust. We've also done a lot prior to the crisis to build agility and resilience in our teams, and this is obviously now more relevant than ever. So given the solid foundation, we believe we ultimately have an opportunity to gain market share as we emerge from this crisis. With respect to our Next Great Chapter strategy, the strategic pillars of our plan completely hold true today in the current environment, but there's a clear opportunity to accelerate some of the priorities. Let me give you three examples. There are many more, but the three I would highlight are: first, continuing to accelerate digital, right? We transformed our digital selling platforms over the last three years, new e-commerce platform, new OMS system, mobile personalization and connected retail streams. So we have a strong infrastructure in place when it comes to digital commerce and connected retail. We're fast tracking and scaling new digital capabilities like digital clienteling and other forms of virtual selling. And we're encouraged by our progress and early reads so far, including understanding what we've done in China recently. The second thing I'd call out is assessing our store footprint. So we still believe in the role of the store, and we're encouraged by the early connected retail interventions like curbside pickup, for example, but we're going to continue to review our store portfolio in the context of our omnichannel strategy. And especially within North America wholesale, this means continuing to concentrate on our most productive brick-and-mortar doors, which are generally the top doors of our wholesale partners anyhow, as we also grow select wholesale.com opportunities. And the third example I would call out, Dana, is around scaling new ways of working for us. And we've been able to do things in weeks and days that typically would have taken us months or years to do. This includes our ability to work remotely around the world, continuing to digitize our end-to-end value chain and also driving a culture of cost discipline, which is obviously critical in the current environment that we're in. So the strategic pillars of our Next Great Chapter plan still hold true in this environment. We are feeling actually quite good about that, but there's a clear opportunity to accelerate some of the priorities, some of which I just called out for you. And then I think, Jane, you will cover the Q1 question.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. So as I step back and we look at kind of our long-term plan and strategy, we expect the bulk of our growth to come from direct-to-consumer and wholesale.com. As far as brick-and-mortar wholesale is concerned, our focus is really on making sure, as it has been over the past couple of years actually, that we are in the right locations in a way that is brand-enhancing and financially attractive, right? So this will likely mean that as we work through the year with our partners, we will be calling some of the smaller doors, working with them. Importantly, for all of you on the call, these recent bankruptcies from JCPenney's and Neiman Marcus actually don't impact us. Our business is nonexistent at JCPenney's and relatively small at Neiman Marcus. But I'd say, Heather, our emphasis is really, when it comes to the wholesale space, wholesale.com, which has got nice momentum, and we're building capabilities with our partners and then making sure that we have the right footprint going forward in that space.
Patrice Louvet: Good. So I guess starting at high level on brand perception. We've actually been really encouraged by how our performance on consideration has increased during this crisis. So quantitative measures, both in Asia, Europe and North America, where across all three regions we've seen brand consideration scores go up over the past few weeks. We attribute that to all the work that we've done on values communication and also all the philanthropic work that we've done across the region. So feeling that we've got good tailwinds there. As far as e-commerce is concerned, we – let me start east first. I guess, we're feeling very good about the performance in China. I think you heard us say February, March, up 76% while the overall sector was down, so we were gaining share in that environment. We can give you some color on the specific weeks for March and April, which Jane will give you. But I think overall, with all the new capabilities that we've put in place, whether that's digital clienteling, whether that's all the connected retail capabilities, we are encouraged by the progress we're making on dot-com. And I was joking with the team last week that actually, at this point, given the stores are not fully opened yet, we are, to some extent, a digital pure player because that's our biggest business today.
Patrice Louvet: Good. So let's start with your first question on open-air malls versus kind of closed malls. Yes, we have seen a difference between open-air malls and closed mall. Open-air malls, obviously, rebounding faster. And to – just to give you a sense of the split of our business with kind of open-air malls and open-air stores versus closed in North America and in Europe, the vast majority of our stores are actually an open-air environment, I think 85% to 90%. So I think from that standpoint, we're actually well positioned as consumers are more comfortable shopping in that space. And then over time, they'll become more comfortable with the closed space, but the vast majority of our business is in open-air. And then in off price, Jane, over to you.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Good morning, Jay. So let's start with the product categories. We are tracking very closely kind of consumer interest across different categories. And you're right that we've seen an acceleration in loungewear, an acceleration in athleisure, we've also seen an acceleration in the home business. The good news with our brand is we're a lifestyle brand, right? So we're not focused only on one category. We actually have a broad range of offerings. And I think we're credible across a broad range of categories. So we will – we have actually started to pivot. If you go on our website, you will see that we've pivoted to a more emphasis on loungewear and athleisure. I don't think we're going to move away from the focus on denim because we expect over the mid to long-term that that continues to be a growth category. But I talked a lot about agility earlier and that's critical for us as we think about consumer behavior. And that's both true in how we engage with consumers in terms of messaging, but also where we put the emphasis from a category standpoint.
Patrice Louvet: And I think on your question, John, relative to our ability to chase, which we spent a lot of time on. So we feel that we're in a good place. We've done a lot of work to increase the responsiveness of our supply chain. We have the digitization that I referred to earlier, has obviously been a key enabler to that. The other thing that I think really separates us from many of our peers is core is such an important part of our business, right? And we are known for the number of core iconic SKUs. Now the good news is the core SKUs are the easier and faster SKUs to chase into, right? And we've also platformed fabrics. The team has done a wonderful job platforming the fabrics and various trims and others. So we have the ability on core to go fast. And then finally, and I don't know if you remember when I referred to this, I think it was like two or three quarters ago. We've developed a fast, what we've called the fast track capability internally. I think I gave you the example of this sweatshirt that we had developed with one of our wholesale partners from idea to shipment, 16 days, right, coming from Asia. And I think at Ralph Lauren, sometimes we're known for more longer lead times and days. Sometimes we've been talked about months rather than days. This capability we've scaled up since we developed it. So this fast track capability is – will be a fantastic platform for us to react to what we see in the market as we work with our wholesale partners.
Patrice Louvet: All right. Well listen, thanks to all of you for joining our call today. On behalf of all of us here at Ralph Lauren, we wish you and your families, the best of health and safety, take good care. And we'll talk to you in a few months, have a great day. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Dana, we're not giving guidance for Q1, but let me just give you some color and shape about how we're thinking about it. We expect right now that Q1 will be the quarter with the most significant impact from COVID as we see it now. On an order-of-magnitude basis, consider Q1 in contrast to Q4. In Q4, we had two weeks of closures approximately versus about eight to ten weeks of closures in Q1. And even after opening stores, we've seen a gradual and elongated recovery period. As you look across every region, we expect the impact of COVID to be most pronounced in Q1. I think that's probably very clear for North America and Europe, where we were closed almost the entirety of April and May, with stores just starting to come back online. Today, a little less than 50% of North America stores are now open. And in Europe, which is a bit further ahead, about two thirds of the stores are now open, but all with – operating with reduced hours, reduced traffic and with new social distancing requirements. Compared to our experience in Mainland China and Korea, we do expect a more prolonged recovery with improvement over time. And obviously, this is going to vary by market. In Asia, which was ahead of the curve and where we're 90% open, we still will see the biggest impact in Q1 where markets like Japan, Southeast Asia and Australia and even parts of China saw large COVID impacts in the first quarter. We are encouraged by the way that the digital sales are leading as infrastructure opens, and our teams are very clear that opening stores is the first step to getting back to comp growth. So we're all focused on that and prioritizing that. And just as you think about expenses in FY2021 from a cadence standpoint, from a cost perspective, as you saw in our 8-K, we took substantial actions as we closed out the fourth quarter. We furloughed about 80% of our workforce in April, and this will continue through June. And as we begin to ramp back up, employees and infrastructure to support sales in late June, and we'll stage – we'll stage that with – as demand stabilizes. But our largest SG&A reductions will be in Q1 and a little bit over 25%, and then it will moderate for – the reductions will moderate there as demand stabilizes. So a little bit of color on the quarter and our expectations in what we're seeing in the market for the year.
Jane Nielsen: And what we've seen is that as we closed out in March together in partnership with our wholesale partners, we stopped a number of shipments to make sure that our inventory levels remained in good balance, knowing that they would face closures as we did. So we feel good about where our inventories are. We are planning conservatively as we move into the hot fall season. But the good news is as demand develops, because of our case capabilities and our ability to refill from core, we feel we have the flexibility to meet demand with our wholesale partners as it evolves without needing – without – while managing inventories tightly and maintaining a good full price selling environment.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Matt, let me give you some color on what we've seen on a quarter-to-date basis across the regions. APAC, as we said, we closed out Q4 very strong across Asia on our e-commerce business, and that has only built. So April and into May, we've seen very strong and positive e-commerce trends closing out in the – sometimes, we've seen rates of triple-digit growth in APAC, so very strong. In Europe, while we did see some – we reported down 3% on our own platform in Q4. As we've come out and especially as we closed out April, and I think people saw the end of the crisis, we've been seeing very strong trends across Europe. So we've had double – solid double-digit growth in Europe on a very high quality of sales number where we're seeing double-digit growth in AUR on our e-commerce site in Europe. So strong quality of sales and strong momentum. North America, which is probably the furthest behind in regions in terms of store openings terms of store openings and recovery, we reported down 7% in the fourth quarter. And it's really been in May that we've started to see e-commerce back to solid and double-digit growth, but it's been building on a week-over-week basis, so encouraging there. So we do see, as our stores open, digital leads and it starts to build over time. As we've gotten – we're sort of in the early days, if you will, in terms of store opening productivity, 50% open in North America and really very early on that journey, two-thirds open in Europe. Still early days on that journey which makes our experience anecdotal. I can tell you, in China, as stores reopened, traffic remained weak in the initial weeks but with strong conversion. So buyers who are coming to the store were motivated and ADTs, average daily transactions, average value transactions were up strongly. Conversion was up strongly and AUR has continued to be up strongly. I can give you some – we're not – it's early days, but I can tell you, as we think about our trajectory in – overall in Asia, that it will be different in North America. But coming out of January, we saw – if I think about the Asia, we were up strongly in January, up 40%. February saw the biggest declines, down well over 80%. March, we started to recover, digital sales started to come back. In April, sales were down high single digits. And so far in May, we're really encouraged by the improvements. Everything was turning positive in early May as Beijing and other larger cities' restrictions lifted, and we expect to be strongly back to growth in Q2 of this year in Mainland China. So encouraged by that trajectory. Don't expect to be a cookie-cutter approach across the regions, but that's what we've seen so far.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. That's a power-packed question, so let me take it one layer at a time. Let me step back and tell you why we decided to report both our NRV reserve and our bad debt as a non-GAAP item. We believe that it is entirely related to the experience of COVID, where we lost a selling season. So it's not a business as usual NRV reserve. It was significant. The process that we went through as a team was we took stock of all of our inventory flows, our commitments at suppliers on a fabric basis, and then went back to our strategy and said, what can we reasonably move through to continue our quality of sales journey with our own liquidation channels, with stretching the seasons while moving into warmer-weather channels and reassorting the line in coming seasons? And then what do we remain with? And how do we reserve appropriately to protect the AUR and gross margin progress that we've done to date. So we really looked at it, a complete life cycle view. That's not a different process. We've been doing that process for well over two years. The magnitude and the onetime impact was greater. So we – that's why we reflected it. If our NRV reserve is too small or too great, we will take that on what we reserved, we will take that also on a non-GAAP basis below the line, so that you and our investors can track our true progress on gross margin as we move through this COVID environment. So that's our rationale. We'll take – if there is better selling, then you'll see an adjustment on a non-GAAP item in NRV. As a good vendor, I want to remind you that we know that we have made a commitment to pay for products that were perhaps cut but we did not have ownership of in Q1. There will be some reflection of that in Q1. The magnitude we'll disclose in Q1. As I look at overall the – your question on the AUR story, you're exactly right. You know me well. We are continuing this AUR journey. And that is – and that was really behind some of the actions you saw us take in the fourth quarter. We're committed to it. And so we took an inventory reserve that protects that. I think the good news is that the long-term drivers of AUR growth are still intact. We're elevating our product, we're elevating our marketing, and we're elevating our shopping experience. We have shown that we can take strategic price increases and have a positive consumer reaction. That – Q3, we posted 8% AUR. Q4, we were able to maintain 8% AUR. I'm not guiding, but I expect that our AUR journey that's consistent with our long-term guidance in FY 2021, low-single-digit to mid-single-digit will continue through this year. Will it be more variable? Perhaps, but we have a clear idea of what we need to do to move through our inventory positions. Part of that will be that we are keeping inventory in our warehouses to reassort it into the line that our designers are working on right now. So that we have a cohesive line in spring and get full price sell through on some of that product. And we're really having success in targeting promotions more effectively and more efficiently. We've been able to reduce promotion days. And this personalization is proving highly effective as a lever to drive AUR. North America in the fourth quarter had AURs up 10%, so really significant and positive growth there. So we have every intent to continue that journey. So we are excited about that, know that there's some variability, but we feel our actions in the fourth quarter and our plans for this year are completely consistent with our continued AUR journey. Next question, please.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. So I got you. In this quarter, our off-price sales were down on a year-over-year basis. And so that's a combination of working with our partners and we had some excess liquidation. But as I move into next year, we see that that channel will continue to be an opportunity for excess liquidation and it will not be a part of our growth trajectory. I expect it to decline this year on a year-over-year basis. And we worked through – how we're going to work through the inventory by leaning into what we talked about in terms of reassorting the line, extending wear-now season, charitable donations and of course liquidating some excess through, off price, but I don't expect it to be a growth area of our business. Next question, please.
Jane Nielsen: So with our wholesale partners, we are planning conservatively with them and aligned to what they've indicated in terms of their fall holiday demand. So I think that we are focused on our AUR journey, focus on keeping our inventories well controlled and healthy. So we're planning conservatively, but consistent with our wholesale partners planning. As they move forward, we still see digital as an opportunity for growth there. And we're pursuing that. We were able to cancel about two-thirds of our fall holiday orders, take stock of where we were on an inventory level and then fill in to make sure that we have fulsome assortments for fall holidays that are better aligned to demand. So we've been working on this as we saw the crisis emerge, but we're fully aligned with where our wholesale partners are indicating and conservatively plan.
