Roger N. Farah: Okay, maybe my tone has something to do with I'm sick. But discounting that for a moment, as we push out around the world and as you've been a regular follower, following to the story, I think we just continue to see the global acceptance for Ralph Lauren product as we pushed out in Europe or as we're about to make a bigger push in Asia. And I think all of that, we've framed in the past and we've framed in terms of aspirations about what we thought we could do and quite frankly, we're doing that and then some. One of the real surprises in the revenue story is the very strong domestic growth. A lot of prior conversations that we've modeled with all of you talk about our ambition to do 1/3 of our business in Europe and 1/3 in Asia and 1/3 in the United States, and that was somewhat predicated on a slow growth U.S. scenario given the scale of what we did, the distribution we had and our belief that the international markets would grow faster. But lo and behold, as we just reported, the U.S. in this quarter had a high-teens growth rate and yes, Europe was double that. But given the scale of the U.S. business, that's made a meaningful difference to our top line performance. And as you know, sometimes size can fight against strong revenue growth without meaningful acquisition, and that's not our story. So as we look to continue to push out around the world, I don't think it dims any of our enthusiasm for the upside there. I think we've just surprised ourselves on the both domestic and wholesale fronts, as well as the direct-to-customer fronts here in the United States.
Roger N. Farah: Does my answer have to be as long your question? Let's talk about the cost of goods and the way it's sort of playing out through the movie here. We knew from the beginning that during the course of late summer, into fall and then through the back half of this season, costs were rising really in their most spectacular fashion with this holiday season being sort of the apex of that. A lot of the suppliers in the early part of price escalation were still blending the prices with inventory on hand that had not experienced quite as big ramp up. As that inventory was depleted and you were now bearing the full brunt of the extraordinary run-up in prices, that's really a big part of what's pressuring the third quarter cost of goods in a greater degree than other quarters. Of course, as that begins to come back in line as it plays out over the next 9 months, they'll take that high cost of raw materials, and they'll begin to blend it in with lower cost materials. And then it should begin to plane down towards next fall. So there's definitely sort of a peak of the cost of goods that we'll be experiencing through the next 3 or 4 months. We chose to pass along in many cases, but not all cases, the full impact of the cost of goods, and that was the decision that was made by merchandise category and by region. The combination of that for us was the thought process about margin rates, as well as sales opportunity. And I think to Omar's question, part of our -- the story at sales, the results through the first 6 months, I think reflect the proper balance we struck between the margin rate and sales dollar. And we'll continue to do that as we work our way through this volatile cost of goods period. The customer, which I think is embedded in one of your questions, actually has responded very well in most cases to fashion first. So if it's new product and they're excited, they buy it. And the relative pricing of that is immaterial. I think when there's something that catches their attention, that's new and different, that's been a nonissue. In terms of products that are more perennials or basics, I think there was some deceleration in unit sales for a period, and that's been climbing back. The actual results are difficult to draw final conclusions given that you're seeing the results of our July, August, September, which were extraordinary. October was a bit of a softer month. And then the businesses come back stronger in November to date. So I think we're going to need to get through the back end of the holiday selling season to get sort of a final read on customer reaction to all this volatility.
Roger N. Farah: Sure, Bob. The headline I would identify in terms of the performance is really not distinguished by geography, but it's probably distinguished by markets that have important tourist components, whether they are in the United States or in Europe or even in Asia are the ones that outperformed any of the total numbers. So there is still a meaningful tourist component to gateway cities or tourist cities in Europe, the United States or Asia. Quite frankly, South Korea is a tourist destination for Chinese. So you really have to know that holistically. I would say the second piece of it is, the local domestic customer whether that's Europe or the United States was actually slower. So footfalls, shopping patterns in markets that are not considered gateway cities or supplemented by tourists was softer than average. So it's been a combination of those 2 factors really worldwide that make up the mix. And so as we look out over the holiday shopping period, really over the next 6 weeks, one of the interesting things is despite the macroeconomic issues and all the other issues we could rattle up together, one thing that retailers don't like to talk about but it's true is the weather. And as the weather has cooled off in Europe and the United States, we've actually seen pretty healthy returns of shopping patterns. So I don't think it's as much Europe versus the United States or Asia. I think it's more sort of global headline issues.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. Well, I'll start and then I'll let our fashion guru, Jacki, give you the real facts. Yes, I think women's actually has been, from a sportswear perspective, one of the slower-growing categories for the industry. I think somewhat misleading though has been the strength of dresses, has been the strength of accessories, has been the strength of footwear. But I think some of this is, you can't get it at all categories at the same time. And if I go back several years ago to when sportswear was booming, it was tough dress markets, footwear was not as strong, and so I think women are spending money perhaps slightly differently but not less of it. Within the sportswear category, we are the lead resource, both domestically and in Europe. I was in 5 cities in Europe yesterday. Our presentations of Lauren, Blue Label, Black Label looks spectacular. So then I think within the category, it gets into fashion and product specifics.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. Well, I'll start with the north versus south, where I'll probably say what a lot of others have said. The north is stronger. So our performance in England or France or Germany or the Scandinavian markets is quite strong. But the southern part of Europe, we don't have that much distribution in Greece, but certainly Italy or Spain have been more difficult. I think it's also for us a particularly difficult quarter fall, where we're delivering a lot of heavyweight products. So whether it's the economic realities of Southern Europe compounded by this particular quarter is always more difficult for us. Those markets have underperformed. The northern markets have overperformed. The other thing that I guess we could debate whether it's Europe or not. But our business in territories like the Middle East, our territories like Russia have been very strong through this period. But while we can call them for us emerging markets, we can call them anything we want, the fact is our product and our elevated product in those markets is quite strong. I think the other subject that Tracey touched on was the more challenging specialty store, multi-brand specialty store business has been difficult in the southern parts of Europe for several seasons now. So our business and the strength of our business is really coming out of Mono brand stores, whether they're owned or joint venture or license and/or our department store business. So kind of a country issue and it's also a channel issue. In terms of new product categories relative to the total growth of Europe, I think what's been surprising to us and this somewhat comes back to Omar's question is when we went into this year, we went in with an investment point of view about new markets, new brands, new product distribution and those are all playing out. The strength of the year-to-date has actually been the core product, the core distribution outperforming. But the bulk of Europe's growth is not in the new businesses yet. I think those are flags or seeds we're planting for the future that will ultimately give us a lot of growth in the years to come. It's the core businesses that continue to outperform that are driving the top line.
Roger N. Farah: Sure. The South Korea business came back at the beginning of the year, January 1. We were fortunate to have a talented management team that was in place, that was kept in place. So we have less of the start from scratch, build a management team that we had in other transitions. We are now beginning to impact the buys, the assortments, the presentations more directly. A lot of what was in place was assumptions we made about buys last spring and summer for this year. The customer has reacted very nice to fashion, to some of the merchandising initiatives, and we're working carefully with key department stores in terms of future brand position, locations, adjacencies and the kind of issues you would expect us to do that we've done so well in the U.S. and Europe. It is a business that should be a big profit contributor to us, and we are seeing some of that now, but we think there's more to come.
Roger N. Farah: Well, John, the good news is the pricing of cotton is coming back down. So whatever were the reasons it's spiked, they're now receding, and so we are looking at reduce cotton prices for next fall. Best to keep in mind there are offsets to that in that cashmere and wool and synthetics actually are rising. So while cotton is the dominant part of our raw materials and that returning to more normalized levels is really a big deal, there are some other commodities coming the other way. Having said that, by the time we get around to pricing next fall's products and we look at all the factors that go into that, including make and manufacturing cost, transportation costs, we'll have to develop a point of view about overall cost, not just the impact to the cotton. If, in fact, as we get through the rest of this fall and holiday selling into spring, if the prices we have today are well received, I don't envision us going back.  So I thank you, all, for listening. I apologize for my somewhat scratchy voice. It's been extraordinary 6 months, and we're all mindful of the world we're trading in. But I think we have had reasons to be pleased with how we performed during the first 6 months, and we're kind of excited about seeing what happens for Christmas. So thank you, all, and you can follow-up with Jim and Tracey later.
Tracey Thomas Travis: I think there are a couple of reasons for it, Kate. if you just start with the gross profit decline that we experienced in Q2. We expect that, that will continue in Q3 and Q4. So when I gave the 300 basis points of operating margin decline, I mentioned that half of it was due to gross profit. The other half is due to SG&A expenses. And we are continuing to make investments to grow the business in the future, while obviously delivering double-digit growth in the current quarters. Our growth does slow in the third quarter, some of it related to some of the door network closure in the Asia region that we spoke about, the Greater China region. So we did close a fair number of doors in the second quarter. And some of it related to some slowing of our business here in the U.S. So those 2 combined lead to greater operating margin decline.
Tracey Thomas Travis: And on your question regarding SG&A. Clearly, as we have in the past, if we see a significant slowdown in business, we will look at discretionary expenditures and make determination on how much of that we can pull back on, whether it's more purely discretionary expenditures or even some of our investment initiatives that we're pursuing. One of things I would just remind you of is, as we shift our business more and more into retail, that mix impact does have a fairly significant impact on both our SG&A rate because retail obviously comes with higher SG&A expenses, as well as our inventory levels. So versus -- the more we shift mix from wholesale to retail. Clearly, higher gross profit margins, higher SG&A and higher inventory levels.
Tracey Thomas Travis: Okay. I think that was multiple questions as well, but I'll answer it. In terms of the closure costs, we had approximately $1 million of restructuring cost in the second quarter.
