Patrice Louvet: Thank you and good morning, Michael. So clearly the macro pressures are out there, right? Inflation currency, geopolitical concerns and so on, and you all know them as well as I do, and they're of course top of mind for us. That said, we have a clear game plan and as you mentioned, multiple diversified engines of growth. What I think is really unique for us is the breadth and depth of these growth drivers. It enables agility, so in other words, we have this unique ability to lean harder on some areas of the strategy if others are more challenged, and Q2 is actually a good illustration of that, taking it across the different growth drivers. If you could look at it from the regional side, we were proud that all of our regions grew top line in constant currency and we delivered disproportionate growth, as you heard in Asia where we're seeing the strength of the brand across just about every single individual country, whether that's, out size growth in Korea, Japan, Australia, Southeast Asia, and we're particularly proud of the continued growth in China. Even with a number of our stores closed with China up 30% this last quarter. If you look at this through the channel lens, we're encouraged that the strength in our full price businesses is more than offsetting the softness that we're seeing from our value oriented consumer subsegment, which is more prevalent in our outlet business. And on the product side, we can flex the breadth of our portfolio and I think we've demonstrated our ability to dial categories up or down for the consumers as their needs desires change. For instance, in this quarter think more sports coats and dresses and less hoodies. So our ability to be agile in this way is a real competitive advantage in a volatile environment, which already served us quite well during COVID. And to this end we really believe that this is the time to continue to be on offense, recruit new consumers and continue to take market share. Jane, over to you on North America.
Patrice Louvet: So Matt, what's exciting about this business candidly is how fragmented the market is, right? So our market share is while we have a sizable business in Polo, Men's, Women's and Kids. In relative terms, it’s still very small. So we have incredibly long runway when it comes to market share growth across all three businesses. You will have seen in the more recent share reads that we're continuing to grow share on Men's, were continuing to grow share on Women's Continuing to grow share on Kids, particularly strong performance last quarter on kids' share growth. And I think as we look around the world at what Polo stands for, that the type of products that we have within our lifestyle portfolio and what the consumer is looking for right now, we actually feel that we're really in the sweet spot of consumer demand with the breadth of our range and with the overall positioning across Men's, Women's, and Children's. And I think this is as true in North America as it is across Asia, as you heard me, referred to performance earlier as well as in Europe. So I think we're very nicely positioned on Polo and we're going to continue to invest to bring in more consumers, continue to elevate the positioning across that portfolio. When it comes to your question on wholesale orders and Jane and I will tag team on that in the second part listen, there are a few things I would say about our wholesale partnerships right now. First of all, I am really pleased to see how aligned we are strategically with our key wholesale partners, both in North America and around the world. And that's really enabling us to look at things through a similar lens when it comes to, to growth and value creation. We have seen strong progress this past quarter. You saw North America of 8% strong results in Europe and Asia as well. We are not seeing any pullback on orders or any cancellation of orders around the world with our key wholesale partners. So I would say, Matt, as we, as we said in the guidance, we are not seeing cancellations at this point, but we are more cautious and we took a more cautious stance on our spring buys, given the macro pressures that we're seeing. So while we're very happy with our position in sales, especially in the second quarter, we wanted to be well positioned for the holiday season, overlapping a challenging previous quarter. We are embedded in the guidance, a softer outlook for spring based on those macro pressures. And as we look at in the second part of your question, the visibility that we have in outlet in in Europe, we have seen softer trends and we've incorporated those softer trends into our guidance for EMEA. It's not a one country, one region story. I do think that there is variability in the marketplace. This quarter, Germany performed quite well. We saw some more pressures in in the UK, as you might expect, given some of the inflation pressures, coupled with some political uncertainties. Given the fuel pressures and the outlook we have, we've taken a more moderate view across Europe, but especially in some of the countries like Germany, where we expect gas rationing and fuel prices to be an explicit pressure.
Patrice Louvet: Of course. Thanks, Gaby. So what we're seeing across the competitive environment, we are seeing an increasingly promotional environment, as was expected, there you can see the results as well as we do. There's excess inventory out there and many are looking to liquidate. But our long term strategy, despite the cure the promotional environment has not changed. We're trying to stay agile and mindful of the competitive environment, but we really have multiple vectors of growth across AUR. And I think that that is really serving us well. Saw that show up in our AUR at plus 18% this quarter. And we're really encouraged underneath the covers that despite our higher AUR, within a more promotional context that we've seen, our value ratings from our consumers continue to increase, increase both versus pre pandemic levels and sequentially again this quarter. So for us, that's a key IOR indicator and gives us a lot of confidence. Now that being said, as we have in the past, we build a strategy that has, that is fully aligned with our long term strategy, but has some flexibility in it. We don't, we are not going to overly react to the promotional environment, but we are going to be strategic about it and know that we need to stay competitive. We feel good about that. We feel good about into the second quarter. We've embedded in our guidance, the confidence that we'll be able to offset inflation with pricing. And you can see that in our implicit gross margin guide. So feeling good and feeling good about the consumer, and especially because it's really based on our multi-year elevation work that we've done as well as the reset work we've done. That's really put us on a healthier base. Yeah, increasing desirability, increasing value equation. Those are things that we're driving and we're really pleased to see because that will drive sustained performance. On the product front, Gaby, probably three things I would call out. One is our core is actually doing quite well. It was mid-teens this past quarter, and as we talked that investor, our core is 70% of the company, It's actually not surprising that it's doing well because I think at times where consumers are more discerning on where they spend their money, obviously they're going to gravitate towards brand they know and trust and learn to gravitate towards products they know and trust. So strengthen the core. We've seen really nice performance in our high potential categories, which were up high teens this past quarter in constant currency. The probably the best performer was again, Outerwear where we saw a very strong performance, where we're also very excited to see the progress we're making on Women's across collection Polo Women's and Lauren. And then the last thing I would highlight is the tailored business continues to, to strengthen and improve. So to my prepared or earlier response to Michael's question, we're seeing more sports coats and less hoodies.
Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Omar. So listen, we're going to talk team with Jane on this one on the consumer front. So up again, 1.3 million this past quarter. I’m really pleased with actually the makeup of that new consumer cohort, younger, exactly, to your point, higher value, less sensitive to promotional activity more, more diverse. When it comes to response to our product and AUR -- we're seeing pretty consistent positive response to our AUR increases across the different products. And again, it really traces back to what Jane mentioned earlier, which is the progress we're making on brand desirability and value equation and our value perception scores are consistent across the different segments, and that is relevant for those younger consumers we're bringing in. I expect with the partnership that some of you may have seen, that we will continue to bring in some of these younger consumers as we're able to really connect with them where they, where they play, no pun intended and, where they want to engage with brands. So feel good about that one. Data point that we're particularly pleased with is retention, right because it's a wonderful thing to bring in new consumers, but you want them to stay within the franchise. So we can drive this concept of lifetime consumer value. And we've seen our retention scores actually strengthen this last quarter across the board, which I think bodes well for, for the future. So Omar, I would just call out a few key differences in terms of our inventory planning with our wholesale partners. I think throughout our reset as Patrice called out, we've had an incredibly productive and transparent dialogues with our wholesale partners and have really approached them with the spirit of partnership. But the focus has really been on sell out performance as the key driver to receipts and expected sell out in the coming seasons. That's been our focus. It's been our mutual focus, and that is a strategy that's really winning for us. In addition for that, we've really tried to pivot the conversation away from VA negotiations towards natural margin accretion for both our wholesale partners and for us. So it's still an emphasis on profitability, it's total system profitability, and it's focused on natural margin, which plays nicely in to the AUR and elevation that we're driving in wholesale. And we're doing that together, of course. And then from an inventory position level, we've made a commitment to be in our wholesale partners with inventory in time for the full spectrum of full price selling. You saw us take some air freight for that, but we're doing the spirit of partnership. And I think it, if you look at this quarter, again, strong sellout, strong AUR performance, that strategy and that partnership of working with them to make sure they have the inventory that the consumer needs has been very productive. We're in good position for holiday. Our inventories are clean, they're fresh. We are above last year's second quarter level because as you'll recall, we were at an artificially low level given supply chain challenges, but we're still about 20% below pre pandemic levels in this same quarter versus FY ‘20. We think that's the right level given our strategy. So we feel good about it.
Patrice Louvet: Very good morning, Jay. Listen, we're really proud of the team's execution in China, actually across the entire APAC region, and we continue to see near and long term brand opportunities in China. What's really working well right now, but has been for a while, right? This is not just a one quarter story, is the fact that the teams are weaving the brand into the fabric of the local culture and translating our core values, our core propositions in a way that's resonating with that younger Chinese consumer, both men and women. And they're taking both global programs that they're translating in the market, and then also complementing that with, with local activities, partnerships with influencers and others. The second piece is the product offering and, and the curating that the team is doing there to really make sure that within the broad range of products that we have, we have items that really resonate with that specific consumer. And I think this Jay, but our highest AUR is actually in China, right? So that's where we're focusing some of our most elevated products and we're seeing very good response from the consumer. The last point is around connected retail, and I think China to some extent is our poster child on connected retail and bringing all of that together digital brick and mortar in a way that is seamless in a way that really meets consumers’ expectations. So those have been the drivers this past quarter have been the prior quarter -- will continue to be moving forward with really a team that's in touch with that, that local consumer understands that local consumers and ensures that we're showing up in a way that's, that's incredibly relevant there. So our Singles’ Day is concerned. So Singles’ Day for us is really more of a brand building opportunity than it is an opportunity to sell a whole bunch of volume. So our game is not high promotional activity. We're not interested in doing that. And over time I think that strategy has worked for us. It's really about brand exposure, brand awareness, brand desirability, and we're in the middle of it. So we will see how ultimately all this has played out, but what we've seen in key events leading up to Singles’ Day is we've actually seen out outperformance consistently. So our encouraged with how China is going, but I, I put in, in the context of the broader growth drivers for the company of course momentum in China, but we have many geographical opportunities in addition to, to what's happening in China. On the repurchase side, Jay, you have seen us be more, more aggressive are guidance supplies about 450 million to 500 million in buybacks a year. In the first half we've repurchased about 390 million in shares. We tend to be fairly ratable, but opportunistic as well. And given the price where it was, often below $90, we felt that was an outstanding time to buy back our shares and so you saw us lean into that. Again, I think we're comfortable with our annual guidance. We might be on the high side of that and remain opportunistic, but it's about the right range for us from a buy back standpoint. Thank you. Next question, please.
Patrice Louvet: So, our guidance does imply a an improvement in in gross margin through the second half. Notably in the fourth quarter, you'll in the second half we'll start to lap higher air freight and product cost increases from last year. And while there's, while we expect those inflationary factor to still be with us, we'll be able to move into higher gross margin as we overlap some of the more significant increases last year. And as you look at it from a roughly a reported basis, I would expect as we called out in the third quarter, that growth that FX would impact us by about 170 basis points. And we're calling that it'll be about similar for the full year. So FX is a meaningful headwind as we as we move through this year. But you'll start to see us get actual gross margin improvement in the second half, both on a reported and a constant currency basis. And then the second part of your questions.
Patrice Louvet: So as we look at a more promotional environment again, our strategy is not changing. We're on an elevation journey. Our long-term pricing strategy is to match our pricing with inflation as we guided before. We expect inflation headwinds to be meaningful in the second half, but we're also confident that we'll be able to offset those inflation factors. Now that being said, we while we won't follow the competition down in any way, we will, we have built flexibility in our plan to make sure that we continue to offer a compelling value to consumers and be competitive on a total value basis in the marketplace.
Patrice Louvet: Yes. So as we look at operating margin expansion in the second half, it's really predicated on that improved gross margin that I just talked about. That'll be the primary driver. You will also see that couple with SG&A leverage. Now we have taken some revenue caution into the second half, but we will still get SG&A leverage in the second half to drive a combination of operating margin expansion through gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage into the second half. So while some of that revenue deleverage has moved us towards, about the 14% constant currency OI margin, we're still very comfortable in our three year outlook of getting to that mid-teens OI margin. Next year I'm not a prognosticator on FX, it's been a meaningful headwind. But next year we feel confident in continuing our elevation journey on some of the margin rich categories that Patrice called out in terms of Outerwear and our Core performing well, we're well positioned with inventory. So we're encouraged by that. Next year as we think about inflation in Q1, we'll renegotiate our freight contract. You're seeing that spot market come down, that'll be a tailwind into next year. We'll also have a more normalized cadence of marketing through the year. So you won't see that first half, second half story play out. And we're also seeing a better cotton environment. So some of those material cost headwinds that we're facing now, we'll start to phase out. And remember, we long buy cotton, so I expect that to be in the second half of fiscal '24. But we've got nice layers of cost -- reasons for cost optimism, should I say, throughout the year,
