Patrice Louvet: Well, thank you for your question. Yes, it has been a more challenging operating environment. And as you heard us talk about in the prepared remarks, we do expect more choppiness ahead given the various macro signals. But we still have strong confidence in our game plan and our ability to navigate and execute successfully through this choppiness.  As you know well, we've been repositioning this company for the past 4 years to establish a very strong, broad foundation with multiple engines of growth ahead. And I will highlight 4 clear sustainable advantages.  The first one is an iconic lifestyle brand. With consumer metrics like desirability that are improving in every market, as you know, we track our brand perception in our top 7 markets monthly and we continue to see strengthening across the board. And we have millions of consumers joining our brand every year. This past quarter, we had 1.3 million consumers join us on top of over 5 million last year.  The second element is the unique breadth of our product offering. We're really the only brand that can credibly offer categories from sneakers to tuxedos, which means we have the ability to dial up and dial down specific elements based on consumer demand and desire.  The third is a clear and regionally balanced go-to-market strategy so that even if one region is adversely affected, we're diversified across market and can offset in other parts of the world. And I think we've also proven our ability to rebound quickly as recently demonstrated again in China where you saw that we were able to deliver strong performance given half of our stores were closed for the majority of the quarter.  And the fourth area I would call out is a diversified and agile supply chain. There's been work that's been going on for the 5-plus years to really establish that. And that has proven to be both a huge asset and a major competitive advantage for us as we navigate this [indiscernible] world. And supporting all of this work, we have an organization that is engaged, that has fully embraced operational discipline, as you've seen with our continued margin expansion versus pre-pandemic levels.  So net-net, I would say we're staying in touch, of course, with what's happening. And while we're not immune to macro pressures, we are staying focused on the medium and long-term direction for the company.  If I had to sum up where our current position is in 3 words, I would say offense, agility and pragmatic. Offense, to maintain and fuel our momentum. Agility, as we face a continually volatile operating environment and pragmatic and choiceful about where we use our resources to ensure we continue to build our brand and our market position for the long term.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks for your question. Listen, I think let's take it by region on the first part of your question. Certainly, our business has been on a very strong trajectory in APAC for years, right? And that's really where a lot of the concepts that we've expanded across other regions have originated. The work on ecosystem, the work on brand elevation, the work on AUR growth. We then took that to Europe, I would say, 18 to 24 months ago, and we've seen the benefit of that play out. And you saw another very strong performance this past quarter in Europe in what, as Jane described, was a pretty volatile environment. And then as far as North America is concerned, we had a lot of resetting to do to get the business on healthy foundations both from a consumer targeting standpoint, bringing in a younger, more elevated consumer, from a product standpoint, focusing disproportionately on more elevated proposition. From a go-to-market standpoint, resetting our wholesale distribution, completely transforming our digital operations. Most of that is now in place, Matt.  So I think as we started this fiscal year, we're lapping a couple of elements, Chaps, licensing, Club Monaco, sale. But all in all, I think the entire organization is now in execution mode relative to the strategy that we're applying across all of the regions.  We do expect, as I mentioned in response to question, these building blocks to be sustained for many years, right? If you think about the elements that we have, we have a brand that just keeps getting stronger and stronger every quarter that goes by. And this isn't just me saying it. This is the consumer telling us that in the tracking that we do on a monthly basis. It's getting stronger on awareness, getting stronger on brand consideration, getting stronger on Net Promoter Score. Our luxury perception is increasing, actual scores were very strong in North America this past quarter, thanks to all the good work our marketing teams are doing there.  Our product portfolio, both our core, which is going to be particularly helpful as we navigate discontinued uncertainty and has proven to be a real strength for this company during more difficult times is coupled with high-growth categories where we are seeing momentum acceleration. And I really expect, Matt, that this will continue for quite some time, whether that's the focus on women's, whether that's the focus on outerwear and others.  And then our key city ecosystem, which is very focused, top 30 cities, frankly, there's still a lot of white space. And as we continue to strengthen these ecosystem, we're seeing consumer response that we're really pleased with. We talked about in the prepared remarks, the opening we just did in Chengdu, that establishes brand's presence in another key influential area of China. And we're going to be activating the full ecosystem as we've done in other key cities like Shanghai and Beijing, but we're also doing that now in North America.  So looking at -- context, looking at continued volatility, which I think if you just reflect on the past few years is, I think, the new normal for our generation right now, these elements are sustainable, and they are real competitive advantages. And we will continue to sharpen the saw to get better and better as time goes by, but I expect these to drive momentum for us for a while.
Patrice Louvet: And Dana, I would add to Jane's perspective on the top 30 cities. What's interesting, particularly when you look at the luxury landscape right now and I was in the conversation earlier this morning on this topic where you see a number of luxury players pivot from China to the U.S. in terms of investments. For us, as we look at our top 30 cities, they're pretty balanced across the 3 key regions that we operate in. And the U.S. still represents significant white space opportunity for us. So we're going to double down on that opportunity but continue to invest in APAC, continue to invest in Europe. We recently opened a couple of stores in the Berlin area, which is a key iconic cultural city for our brand. So I think you can expect that to be pretty -- it continue to be a broad-based effort across all 3 key regions for us.
Patrice Louvet: And when it comes to -- Is there anything else you want to add? No? When it comes to China, yes, we are very pleased with the work that our teams are doing in that market and the performance we are delivering. I don't know, Omar, that I would talk about an inflection point. We are seeing a general pace of growth that is quite healthy and strong, right? Digital was up 40% this past quarter in China, despite all the delivery challenges because of the lockdowns.  I think if you boil it down to the 3 key drivers for us, the team is doing a very nice job on the brand front, balancing global storytelling like our recent publisher's initiative, along with working with local influencers and local content and messaging. And I think that's really weaving the brand into the local culture in a way that is bringing in more consumers, younger consumers, more elevated consumers.  On the product front, I think the gang is doing a great job curating our global lineup to really make sure that we're delivering along the more elevated expectations of that customer. And we're seeing a really nice balance between our men's and women's business. It's actually the more balanced split that we have across the world. And actually, the Chinese market is a great source of inspiration for us as we continue to elevate our product.  And then we touched on it a couple of times earlier in this call, but the power of the ecosystem, right? And I actually think there's a virtual cycle there, as we build capabilities on the digital front as we establish iconic store presence that just consistently builds on itself and get stronger and stronger as time goes by.  So listen, we're not out of touch with the realities of lockdowns and things like that. But we feel like the brand is really nicely positioned in China at this point. It's something we're going to continue to invest in. And the key for us is to really stay in touch with that local consumer.
Patrice Louvet: Sure, Chris. So it's actually really interesting to see what's happening with the consumer right now. And we're actually really uniquely positioned to capture the consumers evolving wardrobe choice. Because what we're seeing is a combination of reinvesting in core wardrobes. So specifically, that's products like sweaters or denim and then a pivot towards newness and elevation and sophistication, right?  So the pivot towards newness for us will translate into more elevated cashmere sweaters, for example, or a novelty and matching . And then you have consumers not going out during the day, right? And it's still early days on that journey, and therefore, a need for greater outerwear and need for greater dresses and need for greater sports coats.  And then we're also seeing more evening activities more going out. So obviously, that's supporting and impacting our overall evening where more dressier parts of the portfolio.  So general direction of travel is elevation for your sophistication. Chris, when I look at categories, there are no categories where we feel we are heavy, if I could use that terminology. I think the team has done a nice job managing inventory across all of these, and that's the result of shorter lead times, greater agility, greater diversification in our supply chain. But very clearly, we are seeing the consumer pivot towards more sophisticated, more elevated products versus what we saw during COVID, that was much more athleisure reliant.  All right. Thank you for that question, Chris. Well, thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to sharing our updated strategic plan with all of you mid-September, September 19. Until then, stay safe, and have a great day.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Thanks, Michael. We were pleased with the performance this quarter, and it really helped us to maintain our full year constant currency guidance in the context of a lot of macro choppiness out there. And as you would expect, we're actively scenario planning around the consumer. And I'll get to your value consumer at the end. But I did want to just walk you through some of the puts and takes on the guide for fiscal '23.  First, on the top line, really, our positive performance trends in international gave us some flexibility on the full year as both Europe and Asia came in stronger than we initially expected back in May. China was largely locked down, as Patrice mentioned, in Q1, but was offset by the strength in other countries, Korea, Japan and Australia, all performed extremely strongly through the quarter. So we were very pleased with that. And Europe also trended well despite the known political and consumer macro headwinds there. So we're pleased with Europe through the quarter and have been cautious entering the year.  And while we see North America on a nice, healthy mid-single-digit growth trajectory, we are adding some additional caution around the value-oriented consumer. This really speaks to the inflationary headwinds and weaker consumer sentiment that's out there. We're not naive about what's happening to that consumer from a macro standpoint and wanted to make sure that we were building that in overall.  And I say that for the guidance, this all speaks to our diversified engines of growth and gives us confidence in continuing our strategy despite a more uncertain environment. And our margins, clearly, we're managing through cost inflation that we've communicated over the last several quarters.  But there are some signs of relief on the horizon. I don't think they'll impact fiscal '23. But given we've got proven pricing strategies, we've reengineered many aspects of our cost structure, and we are laser focused on ROI. We feel pretty balanced on our margin guidance at this point.  So in terms of the second part of your question around the value-oriented consumer, we think that we're watching the macro developments carefully. And Q1 was solid. As you saw, we had positive comps in factory. But we saw outperformance in our full-price stores as that consumer remained healthy and robust.  And so with that disparity -- which has been happening over the past 5 quarters. So this is not anything new. But given that disparity, we thought it was prudent, given what's happening with that consumer externally to take a more cautious approach in the back half, notably on that consumer.  So we feel good about where we're at. We feel about good maintaining our full year guidance. And I do think we've derisked the back half of it with that -- with some caution around that value consumer.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. I think there are a few pivotal moments that we've seen as we really started to develop multiple engines of growth through the post-pandemic period. One was, as China came back after -- and we had pivoted to extensive digital growth, we continued digital growth and saw a big acceleration in comps. So that was, I think, a pivotal moment for us in APAC. In Europe, as we went into the pandemic, you saw very strong e-commerce growth that was based on new consumer acquisition at higher operating margins. I think that was a pivotal moment in Europe. And then in North America, starting in Q4 of '21, our sellout went positive in wholesale has maintained positive along with share gains and pricing increases. And at the same time, we started to really move having reset our business in RLE and you saw nice growth and big margin movements in RLE in North America. I think that Q4 '21 was also a pivotal moment, and those all give us confidence in the pivot to strong positive growth that we're guiding to this year.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Well, Dana, it is a story that's different across the different regions. In North America wholesale, you'll recall, this has been a long-term strategy. So I think the first stage was really getting out of about 2/3 of our doors and really elevating to the higher end of the doors with our wholesale partners. That was step one. Step two was working with our partners even in the -- more than a year in advance of the pandemic to say we are going to take pricing. We're going to take pricing in partnership with you. We started to do that in FY '21, have improved it in our own stores. And that's been a real pivotal moment. Our inventories were clean. We prepared for it. We had the momentum in the market in our own stores, and we've pivoted to what you're seeing this quarter, which is double-digit growth on a mid-teens sellout so very positive dynamics that really had the groundwork laid many years ago. And now it's pivotal.  The partnership with our wholesale partners has never been stronger. We've moved into this strategy together. We were prepared for it. And so we're moving in partnership. And of course, we're reinvesting in those wholesale doors, not just in North America but also in Europe. And I think the strength in Europe has come from -- we were already in very elevated partners. And there's a very strong pure-play component where we have great representation and are gaining share in Europe. So strong partnerships in Europe that we did -- we've been doing the strong elevation journey, and they've been following in that elevation journey, with great momentum from our digital pure play partners and the pure play digital components of our more traditional partners. So very strong and very pleased with our wholesale around the world.  Wholesale is are a very small portion of the Asia Pac business. It's much more concessional.  And our journey on the key cities is really about creating the right ecosystem, which includes every touchpoint. You saw that in our guidance this year, we expect to open 200 new doors around the world, largely in Asia, but also in Europe and North America. Those are important pieces of the ecosystem. You've seen us open emblematic doors. The door in , the Chengdu door that Patrice talked about. They are centers for the ecosystem. And the work we're doing on wholesale and as we roll out local sites are really an important part of that third -- top 30 key city ecosystems.  So we have a proven model. We're continuing to roll it out. It goes across every touch point of the consumer, and we're pleased with our progress. And I think you'll see as we close out this year, we'll have a -- we'll have another year of good progress there.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So what we said about -- we said for the last 5 quarters, we've seen a disparity between our full price comps in our outlet comps. And so as we look ahead, we are, I think, mindful of what could be coming for the value consumer based on the macros and wanted to embed some caution in our forward guidance for the balance of the year.
