Jane Nielsen: Sure. Well you know, as you saw in the announcement yesterday, Patrice has a proven track record of leading major global consumer brands, and he’s really an operator who has had a career that’s focused on efficiency and effectiveness in the organization’s he’s run. He has transformed and grown brands like Olay and Pantene with a real focus on leveraging consumer insights. He’s a global citizen and has diverse experience across distribution channels, from ecommerce to wholesalers to retail, so he really has had a breadth of experience. Probably most importantly, he really has a collaborative leadership style, who can work in partnership with Ralph and the senior team to ensure that we can move forward on the front-facing part of our plan to get demand back to our business, so we’re all excited to welcome him.  I think Patrice knows well and appreciates the steps that we’ve taken over the last year as a part of the plan to improve our business, and he’s fully supportive in continuing that work to create an effective business, to continue to focus on our value creating engines and to pivot to the consumer-facing side of our business in partnership with Ralph.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So as I step back and look at FY17, I think one of the things that we are very proud of is the work that we’ve done on quality of sales. It’s shown up in our gross margin every quarter and it’s shown up in our results in FY17. Just looking at this quarter, about half of our sales--I’m sorry, about half of our gross margin improvement was a result of reduced promotions and better sell through on higher margin product. The other half was balanced between favorable geographic and channel mix and better product costs. As we look at our efforts in quality of sales, we’ve been very effective particularly in the second half of the year of really pulling back thoughtfully in partnership with our wholesale partners on receipts to ensure that our plan and our receipt flow was designed to flow in and reflect higher margin sell through. So we purposely planned, pulled back, looked at the percentage of our business that was selling at a discount that we viewed as too heavy, pulled back on those receipts so that we could move in in wholesale into higher margin sell through. That’s starting to happen. It had to be done planfully because of the long lead times on inventory, but you’re starting to see that. Equally, ecommerce, the fourth quarter I think shows our lean into quality of sales in ecommerce. We worked through the inventory that we had ordered almost a year ago, but we really pulled back on promotion frequency and promotion depth on some key icon styles, notably in our women’s and children’s business. You’re going to see that continue as we move forward. We’ve planned our receipts to move into higher margin sell through and to move forward on a reduced promotional cadence. So what we’re starting to see is real harmony across the market, notably in North America, and a real planful pull-back that continues quality of sale.
Jane Nielsen: So as we look at FX headwinds, most of our--we think about pricing specifically in-market. Most of our customers internationally are local customers, so we move into currency headwinds by taking pricing largely on innovation and new styles, so we will address some of those headwinds, largely on innovation, and moving into pricing on innovation and on new styles. So it’s not--we don’t move pricing with FX, we do step back in the marketplace in which we operate, we look at the value of our product, we look at the competition in the marketplace, and then we look at some of the macro factors and price accordingly.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Let me just--let me step back from the components of your question. As we move through the year, I expect sequential improvement in both our wholesale business as we start to overlap some of the quality of sales initiatives that we started and move into full price selling, so I expect that to improve pretty much sequentially through the year. I do expect the fourth quarter in our businesses, and largely in North America, to be better as we’ll benefit from Easter in the fourth quarter of FY18, and equally expect our retail comps and overall sales to move to be sequentially better as we move through the year. As I mentioned, most of our work in international, we’ve gone through the majority of our work, and I expect international overall to move to--to be moving into positive sales growth territory as we move through to the back of the year. Ecommerce, where we really did the bulk of our work in the fourth quarter and we have a significant amount of quality of sales work left to do in FY18, will be a pressure point as we move through the year. Then just in terms of the comment on denim and supply, we are exiting denim and supply through all four quarters of the year, as we announced. Denim and supply, we did execute spring shipments in FY17, so that pressure will be through the four quarters of the year, and it is about 200 basis points of pressure overall for FY18.
Jane Nielsen: Sure, got it. Thank you. So in terms of our overall wholesale business, what we saw as we moved into the fourth quarter is we continued with about a 20% pull-back in the sales of our off-price channel, and as I mentioned, that is work that we’ll continue to do and will continue throughout FY18. Our objective is to reduce the percentage of sales that off-price wholesale represents to our total wholesale business.  Then as I think about the new--as we think about the new reporting segments, Europe and Asia as we move through FY18, Asia in particular should have--will be moving through store closures in the first half, but moving into growth in the second half, and about a similar shape for Europe with more pressure in the first half but moving into growth year-over-year in sales in the second half.
Jane Nielsen: Certainly. So as you think about inventory as we move through the year, we are continuing our work on overall inventory and you will see inventory in the first half declining about--you know, in the 20% range. As we pivot into inventory orders that are more oriented to FY19 demand, you’ll see inventory down in the low double digits in Q3 and then starting to align with overall sales in Q4. So again, inventory first half in the 20% range, second half should average out to down in the high single digit range.  Then in terms of overall shop-in-shop remodels, we’re still working through the plan on remodels. You will see us targeting some high profile, high traffic doors in wholesale for overall remodels, and then in Asia you will see us doing some--and Europe, you will see us doing some of the corner refreshes in our wholesale business.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, let me answer the last part of your question first, and then I’ll give you some clarity on Q1. We do view value wholesale as a channel that is--that serves a segment of consumers, that they’re excited about the treasure hunt aspect of that channel, and we recognize that. We haven’t said we’re exiting that channel but we are rebalancing it, and we’re rebalancing it both in terms of the amount of product that we sell through that channel and the types of product that we sell through that channel, so you will see it decline as a percentage of our total wholesale business throughout FY18. Then moving forward, you’ll see a slightly different mix of product but you’ll still see us serving that consumer base, but on a less penetrated basis.  Then your question in terms of overall gross profit, we do expect margin expansion, gross margin expansion in FY18 in the first quarter. We haven’t given specific guidance, but I would expect that the overall margin expansion should be about similar to what you saw as we exited the fourth quarter, similar to slightly better.
Jane Nielsen: Absolutely. So as we look--you know, as we look into FY18, there are a lot of factors in play next year. Clearly we’ve got a rapidly changing consumer environment and we have some significant change internally, so we’ve chosen, number one, to continue to work on building the foundation and right-sizing our business to a healthier base, notably in ecommerce. We need to have a coherent price strategy across the region. We can’t be leading pricing down, and so we are leaning into that price coherency in our ecommerce business, notably in North America. With that said, we still have a consumer-facing strategy. This is still evolving, and we’ve left ourselves some flexibility to roll out product, marketing and store concepts notably in the second half, which would imply a wider range of guidance on overall SG&A growth, notably in the second half. Also in the second half, we begin to lap some of the aggressive SG&A cuts that we took in FY17, and that’s part of that variability as you look through the year. So I’d say we’ve got-overall we are leaning in to some of the pull-back in ecommerce. That’s causing some sales volatility relative to our previous guidance, and we are leaving ourselves the flexibility on the SG&A line to plant important investment seeds for growth. Those are the two areas that give us a guidance range for FY18.
Jane Nielsen: Sure, okay. So why don’t I start with our expectations in terms of guidance. We expect mid to high single digit global retail sales and comp decline. We expect wholesale to decline in the mid teens globally, and we expect ecomm comps to decline in the mid teens globally.
Jane Nielsen: Oh sorry, yes. In restructuring, of the $370 million of Q4 restructuring charges, approximately $120 million was cash.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So first of all, I’d step back and say that we have a very capable and seasoned senior team, so it’s not just Ralph, Patrice and I, it’s an operating committee of seasoned executives that we all play a role from the regions to the functions, and we have operating committee meetings weekly where we address the performance of the business and develop strategy. We also work in--Patrice will work closely, as will the operating team, in concert with Ralph as we put in place the strategy for the consumer-facing part of our transformation, and that would be specific to marketing, to products, and to store design.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, let me start with the last part of your question. Clearly improving operating margin and getting to a mid teens operating margin is still our goal, and we are working tirelessly on that Given the change that we have in the environment and the changes that are occurring internally, the big question for us is timing. I think it’s the question for everyone. But certainly getting back to higher operating margin and doing that as quickly as possible is Patrice’s goal, it’s my goal, and it’s the goal of the company, so we’ll give you more visibility and timing as we move through and as we look through these initiatives and see their performance. Then the first part of your question in terms of Amazon and other pure players, this is a dynamic marketplace. The consumer is changing, the digital ecosystem is changing, and as you’ve seen with our efforts that have been very successful on sites like Zalando, we’re looking at all opportunities and that will be a big part of what Patrice will do when he comes in, in concert with the senior team. So we’re open, we’re looking, but these are big strategic issues and we’ll want to do them in partnership with our new chief executive officer. So with that, I want to thank you for joining our call today. I look forward to speaking with many of you later on today and throughout this quarter, and I especially look forward to talking with you next quarter when Patrice will join me on this call. Thank you.
