Roger Farah: Yes, Kate, the point of view we took when the dialogue began to heat up over cost of goods was really based on a couple foundational principles. One, we would not alter the quality, make, materials or findings of any of our products, and we chose very specifically to make sure our customers maintain the quality they've come to expect. Having made that decision, the price increases are different by merchandise categories, and different merchandise categories play out also geographically differently. So what we really tried to do was take the product categories and the regions and come up with an overall point of view about what to pass on and what not. I think embedded in the second-quarter guidance reflects some margin pressure because the cost of goods in general are higher than all the prices we passed on. But not unlike the first quarter, our strategy of quality first and merchandising of pricing, we think drives sell-throughs and market share opportunities, again, that the first quarter exemplified the kind of flow-through we can get. So by market, by merchandise categories, some sensitivity, the channel, the distribution, mid-tier versus luxury were baked into the matrix of pricing that second and third quarter reflects. I think, as Tracey talked about, while we are seeing raw materials come down for next spring, there's a lot of merchandising of old higher-priced yarns and materials with new pricing that will play out through spring. So if raw materials stay down by summer and next fall, I think we'll begin to see overall cost of goods come down. By then, we'll know how the customers react to the price increases and where we go from there.
Roger Farah: Well, it's a very important question. Let me try to answer it this way. Our model is an integrated model, and whether it's Europe, United States or now Asia, we've gotten much better at trying to think through channels of distribution and appropriateness of how we speak to the customer, whether it's brick-and-mortar retail, freestanding stores or concession or whether it's online and e-commerce. We try to marry that by market against the wholesale points of distribution that we feel are appropriate. Clearly, in this quarter, with the addition of important business in Asia, retail was larger than wholesale, which is kind of new for us. I think we'll see a similar phenomena in our third quarter, and then second and fourth quarters for us, are larger wholesale quarters, retail being a bit smaller. But the success that you're seeing in the numbers and you see in the stores is really a result of many, many years for those who have followed the story of investing in talent, in products, in presentation and very innovative marketing. The car show we have going on in Paris has been extraordinarily successful and has helped build the brand awareness in that market where we have important retail and we have also important wholesale. So the entire model is a mosaic of integrated pieces, clearly, direct to consumer, brick and mortar or online is a growing part of our business and will be the dominant part of our Asia business. There's no doubt that each country has a different distribution model, but in Asia, the bulk of the business will come through flagships, dedicated freestanding stores either by men or women or accessories. We've opened recently a kid's store that's been extraordinarily successful. So the opportunities in Asia are almost unlimited and most of that will be approached through our ability to execute at retail. Today, our retail profitability in the merchandise categories that we're in I think stands second to no one. And as we grow the accessory business and that becomes an increased part of our direct to consumer, I think it's only going to get better. Where we've given accessory space to our own stores, whether it's Madison Avenue or Belle Harbor or our recent store we opened in Hong Kong in the Peninsula, the reaction to accessories, whether it's handbags or watches or belts or scarves, has been truly satisfying. So we really think we're on the right trend and the combination of accessory growth, Asia growth and the success in U.S. and Europe, I think, will continue to push the retail to higher heights.
Roger Farah: Well, first of all, as I realize, higher heights is probably not good English but you got the gist of it in retail. Our second quarter, I think, I was saying to Omar, the penetration of wholesale to retail begins to flip. So with that, we get a different kind of margin mix and the impact of cost of goods hits the markup. What worked so extraordinarily well in the first quarter was the full-price sell-throughs, and that was true at wholesale or retail or online. And that really drove the extraordinary margin performance that allowed us to ride over the cost-of-good increases. If that were to repeat itself in the second quarter, and at the moment, our forecasts do not include a 19% comp store retail increase. But if that were to occur, my guess is that the guidance would look conservative in hindsight. But I think at this point, sitting here in the early part of August, we really haven't gotten enough of a read on fall products, and we haven't got enough of a read on the new pricing to make that kind of prediction. So more to follow as the customer begins to react to products. What we have delivered for fall, whether it's in Ralph Lauren brands or Club Monaco, that does seem to be resonating with the customer is really wear-now fabrics, silhouettes, in fall colors. So we are getting a good read on those new deliveries, and that's a good sign for what second quarter may bring us. But at this point, it's really based more on the mix than anything else.
Roger Farah: Okay, Michael, those are 2 questions. So let me start with the first. Interestingly enough, historically, first quarter is our highest gross margin quarter of the year, and that's not only driven by the growing retail penetration. But it's really about the product mix because April, May, June period for us is heavily a key item classification, high margin, strong sell-through time of year. And those products tend to come with higher margins. So even though we're up to a record-setting level this first quarter, we've historically run higher margins in the first quarter than the rest of the year. The second, third or fourth quarters tend to be more similar as we work our way through the year, particularly second and fourth quarter tend to be more collection deliveries. And then first and third quarter tend to be more key item and classification. So there's a lot of product mix within the channels and within the segments that do alter meaningfully the gross margin by quarter. The denim question, we agree with you. We think it's an extraordinary opportunity. We think no one has a seat at the table larger than Ralph Lauren. And I think we're now very comfortable with the pyramid of denim that we're representing to the customer. So at the high-end RRL, where we've just opened a new store downtown, if you haven't seen it, but we're very pleased with how that's performing, whether it's in the 72nd Street store or whether it's in our freestanding stores, we are really looking for that business to not only halo but grow into a business of size and scale as it's already the hottest item we have in Japan, and we'll later this fall open a store in London. From there, we actually have this fall Black Label denim coming, which we think is an important extension of the Black Label customers and sensibility. You'll see that in our stores later this year, and we think that speaks to a very specific audience. And then as Jacki talked about, the relaunch of a broader-based denim, which will not only replace here in the United States the Polo Jeans business, but in Europe and in Asia, we think profiles us against that business beautifully. So that, for us, is the beginning of a worldwide opportunity in men's and women's and then of course there's a trickle down into kid's. So we don't disagree the denim business is an enormous opportunity, and there are no structural or brand barriers to have that succeed.
Roger Farah: Okay, well, David, the issue that you articulated about volatility is clearly on all of our minds. I'm not sure at this point we can do anything about it other than watch it play out. We have not seen yet any impact on our customers, both here in the United States or Europe, but as Tracey said, we're watching it carefully. A lot of the issues that seem to be behind the volatility are not new issues. So the uncertainty over debt in Europe, some of the issues here in the United States are not ones that have just come up in the last week. So what is creating the volatility? Where the consumer begins to be impacted by it? We really don't know. So we are, until proven otherwise, pressing ahead with our plans, and we feel good about the trends. First quarter was clearly a big downpayment on the year, the business in Asia, while it's infant state is still very strong. And we're seeing good strong global tourism. So at this point, we're watching carefully, but our forecasts reflect our best thinking. The retail accessory question that you mentioned, I think if you go to the 72nd Street store, where we've devoted the entire main floor to our accessory businesses, if you went to Paris, if you went to The Peninsula in Hong Kong or any of the new stores, you can see the distortion we've given accessories and our thoughts are now to circle back on many of our key flagships and look at how to make those stores similarly reflect our commitment and belief. Having gotten back the footwear business and then the accessory business, more leather good, belts over the years, I think we've built extraordinarily talented teams of people. We have developed the sourcing capabilities, and I think you're now beginning to see that reflected in the products that the customers are seeing, and where we've given a proper representation, they're voting yes. So that's an exciting opportunity for us as we push forward.
Roger Farah: Yes. Well, we have detailed inventory by brand, by region, by channel, by season, down to the item and SKU level. So we've got total visibility to all of our inventory worldwide. As a matter of fact, I think in somewhat of a pioneering investment, we also have visibility into raw materials, where it is in the manufacturing cycle, where it is in the transportation cycle. And so any part of that, that you want to review, you can. One of the things we chose to do when there was concern about factory capacity and transportation capacity was to pull forward inventory in order to minimize disruption. That also allowed us to be most efficient in our transportation and distribution costs. But one of the things we were able to do with that pull forward, which we used our balance sheets to carry heavier inventories coming out of June, is ensure timely deliveries, which are driving sales. And I think the cost of goods is somewhat impacted positively by a more thoughtful transportation and logistics, which did save us some on the margin component. So we do have it by region, channel, brand and we're managing that carefully. I think as Tracey said, by the end of the second quarter, I think you'll see some of this in-transit and some of this pull forward on the fall level back out. So we're very comfortable with where we are given our sales forecast at the moment.
Roger Farah: Okay, Jeff, well, Italy remains challenged. It is a market that the distribution is almost exclusively through small multibrand specialty doors. Those local merchants are really feeling the squeeze of the difficult economic environment. It's not a market that has a meaningful department store exposure. Rinascente in Milan is probably the one exception. So you're really distributing through either mono-brand stores or through a specialty distribution, and I think they're not only feeling it, they're struggling with their own cash flows. So at least for the moment, we're looking at a fall that's probably more the same. And while it's an important country to us, I think you can see in the overall international results and particularly the European results, the strong countries, i.e. France and Germany, the U.K., the Scandinavian markets are all so extraordinarily strong that we're managing the softness in Southern Europe, whether it's Italy or to some degree, Spain. In Asia, we're really in our infancy, and our ability to work with the existing networks that we took back from our licensees, reposition those and move forward. As we're elevating product and content, we're also looking at pricing. So we're trying to take a more global point of view on the appropriateness of price differentiation whether it's Japan or China or South Korea. The Asian customer is very savvy and cross shops whether they cross shop within Asia Pac, or whether they travel to Europe. So I think the subject of global pricing, excluding for a moment the duties, is going to be one in the future. In general, we were priced through our licensed distribution too low. So we think we have found opportunities by merchandise categories to get better alignment with the market conditions.
Roger Farah: Okay. Thank you, everybody, for listening, and extraordinary hard work on the part of 24,000 employees around the world. We're really looking forward to the fall season and a strong holiday. So we'll be back to you in November.
