Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. So I think in the fourth quarter, as we mentioned, we're expecting operating margin to be up 50 to 90 basis points, and that brings our fiscal '14 full year margin, operating margin, a little bit lower than our previous guidance. And really there's 3 factors impacting that. One is the revenue being stronger in wholesale than what we had anticipated previously, which does put a little bit of mix pressure because the wholesale business operates at a lower gross margin rate than the retail business. The second is we're going to incur a little bit higher restructuring charges than what we had originally anticipated. And then the third is although we had a very strong third quarter result in our core business, so if you looked at our gross margin in the third quarter, excluding the impact of -- the mix impact from Chaps and foreign exchange, our core business gross margin globally was actually up 50 basis points versus a year ago in the third quarter. We're just being a little bit cautious with regard to the environment we're operating, because what we're seeing from a competitive dynamic standpoint is an intensified promotional environment. And we want to make sure that in the fourth quarter, we work through our inventory plans so that we can convert in a strong fashion into the spring selling season. So that's really what's happening with regard to sort of margin dynamics this year. With regard to next year, I think we're still early in our planning phase for next year. And I would expect that next year, we'll see gross margin higher next year than we are this year. But because of the significant investments that we're making in future growth initiatives, at this point, we think it's likely that operating margin will be down next year versus this year, as I mentioned in the prepared comments.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. Let me start on that. So that's right. I think as we've taken the license back from the licensee that we had previously, several years ago, and we've rebased the distribution in China with closing 95 points of distribution and sort of resetting the brand image with opening our luxury store portfolio, we've been very closely monitoring the consumer reaction, both from an awareness standpoint and from a perception of the brand standpoint, not just in China through our store performance, but also outside of China as consumers are -- Chinese consumers are shopping when they travel. And so one of the things that we've been focused on is how is the Chinese consumer responding in our European business and in our U.S. business. And at least in the most recent periods, we've seen as a result of this resetting of the brand image in China, that, in the most recent period, for example, in Europe the Chinese consumer in Europe business is actually up 50% versus year ago. So we're starting to see the impact that we wanted to see from a consumer perception translate into increases outside of China when the Chinese customer travels. In the U.S., the Chinese consumer is now in the top 5 of our foreign customers that are buying in our stores as we're tracking that. And because of that, and because of the opening of the Lee Gardens flagship store that we have this fall, we think the time is now right where we've appropriately reset the brand image to begin to rollout Polo stores in that marketplace. And so that has been an active dialogue inside the company and is a decision that we've just made.
Christopher H. Peterson: Okay. So I'll start with Europe. So in Europe, about half of our business is wholesale and about half of our business in retail -- is retail. And what has been sort of happening in Europe over the last 18 months as we made this decision, as we talked about 12 or 18 months ago, to proactively pull back on shipments in the wholesale channel in Southern Europe, particularly to the specialty wholesale customer which was, in our view, more at risk from a credit macroeconomic standpoint. During that period, we continue to see strong growth in our retail segment, but the decline in the wholesale business from the pullback proactively in shipments sort of mitigated that trend of European revenue growth over the last several quarters. In the third quarter that we've just reported, we've now annualized that. And so if you look at the wholesale business in Europe, we actually were up low-single digits in wholesale across the European region, and we were up double digits in the retail segment. And the combination of those businesses resulted in Europe on a constant currency basis being up high-single digits as the strength in the retail business is now coming through. So that's a little bit about what's been going on in Europe. If you continue to look at, geographically, at the strength of the business and the strength of the consumer holistically, I think we continue to be in a period where Northern Europe continues to be stronger than Southern Europe. But our view is that Southern Europe has stabilized now, so it's not in as tough a situation compared to year ago, as what we are facing 12 to 18 months ago. But certainly, the Northern European business continues to be stronger than the Southern European business. The other thing that we're excited about in Europe is that when you look out on the wholesale business at future bookings, the future bookings are stronger and auger for continued growth in the wholesale business going forward. I think the fiscal '15 in terms of the high-single-digit range was the other part of the question. So I think it's a little bit premature to talk about the specifics between Europe, Asia and North America. Certainly, we expect Asia to represent disproportionate growth, as a region, as we've opened some of our new stores that we've had in the pipelines like Lee Gardens and continue the momentum in that business. We continue to expect to grow market share with the plans that we have in place in the U.S. marketplace. And I think -- we think Europe is going to be strong because we think we're starting from a base now where we no longer have to sort of rebase the business. But we'll provide more specifics on the next call.
Christopher H. Peterson: I think we don't see a significant channel conflict risk in the Polo store rollout strategy. And part of the reason for that is, I think, where you'll see us go with the Polo stores is we believe we'll have the flagship store on Fifth Avenue, which really sets the tone and the aesthetic of the brand globally, which we think will strengthen the Polo brand. But when you look at a lot of the other Polo stores that we're going to be looking at, they're going to really be focused on areas that are more whitespace to us. So if you think about China or if you think about parts of Europe or parts of the Southeast Asia, Eastern Europe, really, a lot of the locations that we're going to be going into are locations and geographies where there isn't a strong Polo distribution to begin with. And so it's not so much a conflict as it is an opportunity to fill out whitespace, I think, going forward.
Christopher H. Peterson: E-commerce in the quarter grew high-teens, which we feel very good about. It continues to be a channel where consumers are choosing to shop. I think the convenience of e-commerce and the brand experience that we have on our e-commerce site are really resonating with consumers. We believe that trend is likely going to continue. And so we're planning for e-commerce to continue to be a disproportionate driver of growth. It is a high-profit business in the U.S., where we have scale. So in the U.S., our e-commerce business is about 10% of our overall U.S. business today from a penetration standpoint. And the operating margin of the e-commerce business in the U.S. is at or above the balance of the U.S. business. And so we feel very good about where we are there. In Europe, we're at an earlier stage, so we're not yet as penetrated in e-commerce in the European business because we didn't start as early as we did in the U.S. This year, we're expecting the e-commerce business in Europe to turn profitable, but we still aren't yet at going operating margins because we are not yet at full scale. And in Asia, where we have just started e-commerce with really just a launch just in 2 countries, Japan and Korea, we're off to a strong start. But we're still in investment mode in those markets because we haven't yet reached scale. The other thing that may be worth talking a little bit about is we have a technology platform that underpins our e-commerce operation that the company put in about 8 or 10 years ago. And that technology platform has served the company very well. But as the e-commerce channel and shopping experience continues to involve, we believe there's an opportunity to upgrade that e-commerce technology platform to better service the consumer, improve the shopping experience. And so that's a multiyear project that we're going to be starting shortly here, that we'll talk more about over the upcoming calls.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: And since -- let me add to Chris' comments, we are seeing that over 55% of the consumers that are Chinese consumers are actually shopping outside of China. So many of the important statements that we've made throughout the rest of the world, whether that's in Europe or in the U.S., we're starting to really see an acceleration of that customer. What we're also seeing is an important difference in the unit transaction with the Chinese consumer versus our more standard consumer that, that transaction is actually double the size of our standard transaction. So we're seeing that also as quite a meaningful opportunity for us.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Okay. I'll start with Japan and Asia, and then Jacki can comment on the Polo store, women's Polo plans. So in Asia, you're right, we did see an acceleration of our growth rate in Asia, specifically, and in Japan in particular. So if you look in Asia, our business was up, our revenues were up double digits in constant currency versus year ago in Asia, broadly defined. And in Japan, we went from a period where, on a constant currency basis, our sales were challenged to a period where our sales in Japan were up low-single digits on a constant currency basis. I think part of what’s happened in the Japan market is, with the significant devaluation in the Japanese yen, we decided to take pricing back in May because we thought that it was the right thing for us to do as market leaders, to try to price to recover the cost impact of the yen devaluation. It takes some time for competitors to see what we've done and then to decide, whether they want to or not, adjust their pricing in the market. We think we're at a better place now having adjusted our pricing and having seen some of the competitors adjust their pricing. And so we're now at a point where that price gap that we established when we first took pricing is narrowing and is allowing us to return to a more normalized growth rate for that market.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: In addition to Chris' comments, we've put a task force in place around our Japanese opportunity. And we have solicited help from our very strong sales and merchandising teams kind of around the world to really build some of the very dynamic things that we've done in other parts of the world to help us really transition that business into what we believe is a wonderful opportunity. So whether it's the content or merchandising or store presentation, we've really worked hard to step up our game and we're starting to really see some nice results from that. In addition, on your comment about Polo women, we are actually doing a brand launch, both in retail and wholesale simultaneously. So our store will open in the fall season. And simultaneous to that, we will begin to ship Polo women in about 150 U.S. doors and then significant number of doors in Europe and in Asia, all simultaneous with this very unique launch. We previewed with many, many, many customers from all over the world, actually late December into early January, met with some very positive response to the line. And so that launch will be simultaneous in both retail and wholesale. We also intend to put an important marketing and advertising and PR strategy around that launch, around the world, doing something more similar to what we did when we launched our Soft Ricky. And so we will have a unified message around the world, around the Polo brand in general, and both Polo men's and women's.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Yes. Our Denim & Supply performance has been very strong, both internationally in Europe and Asia, and in the U.S. as well. We're rolling out both wholesale and retail points of distribution for the brand. And we're very encouraged as we continue to be a top performer in this space. It's a new business and there's an interesting learning curve. But the Denim penetration, which was something that we were very focused on has -- it's been quite impressive. And I think what we do in the tops and sweater area and outerwear area of the business are quite unique to this space. So we've really had a great acceleration in this brand that we expect to see continue. In Club Monaco, our businesses have been quite good. And we just, as you know, opened a new store in Fifth Avenue, which has been very exciting and a top performer in the company. And then a week ago, we opened our new store in SoHo, which is also off to a very, very strong start. So with the strength in the U.S., strong Asia business and a growing Europe Denim & Supply business -- I'm sorry, Club Monaco business, we're very, very excited. The business in Asia is a license business and we're over 100 stores in Club Monaco today. And we have similar plans for Europe, while we're in early and beginning stages as an owned and operated business in Europe.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Absolutely. Let me start with our Lauren brand, which is foundational today and the backbone of the department stores better business, and has had quite a strong year. And we're very pleased with where Lauren is and where it's positioned. While Lauren serves a broad customer, the foundation of that business is a customer who is essentially in the 35-plus area and who really looks for our brand and our style to supply her broad wardrobe, whether it's her daywear, her evening wear with a great success in our dress business. But again, very broad-based and it tends to be sort of the backbone customer in the department store. In Denim & Supply, it's a new space that's defined under the millennial umbrella. And in that space, as I said, we've really accelerated with our strengths. And in most cases, in that competitive space we're, now, kind of in a #1, 2 or 3 position. In our new Polo women's business, we tend to really see our competition there as a Burberry, as a Tory Burch in that of more contemporary sensibility. And while the line is defined through the iconic Ralph Lauren perspective, it is really appealing to what we see as a younger customer. It has a slimmer fit and the expression of the brand is very eclectic in the way we mix our pieces together and make it very fresh looking, and we think something unique in the marketplace.
