Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. Thanks, Omar. Let me start with the Fifth Avenue store. So I think the response to the Fifth Avenue Polo store, which has been open about 1.5 months, has really been excellent, with broad-based acceptance of icons and fashion pieces. Interestingly, the Women's Polo business is representing about half of the sales of that store, which we are very encouraged by, because we think that the Women's Polo launch gives us another leg to the stool for the Polo retail strategy, and we're seeing strong response to that product. We're also seeing, as Jacki mentioned, about 40% of the sales go to foreign tourists in that store. And so we're seeing a strong resonance of Polo product with the foreign tourist. And the other interesting point I would say on that is that the #1 tourist shopper now in the United States is the Chinese, which we also think is encouraging, given the size of the Chinese consumer in the global market. We are very underpenetrated in China. And as you know, a lot of our retail strategy focuses on getting a broader penetration in international markets where we're -- that are more whitespace for us. And so we're excited to see the strong product acceptance among the Chinese consumer. More broadly, on the Polo store strategies, I think it's still a little bit early days. We've just launched the Polo Women's line. What we're seeing on the Polo Women's line is that the AUR, or the average unit retail price, on Women's Polo is about 40% lower than Blue Label, which we discontinued. But what we're seeing initially is that the unit velocity is dramatically higher. And so we expect the sales volume for Polo for women to far outpace that of the women's Blue Label line as we go forward. And we're seeing early good signs of that as we go along. We've only got about 5 directly operated Polo stores opened at this point, but we have a significant -- significantly greater number planned over the next 6 to 12 months, and we'll continue to learn as we open those.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So I think we're through the point where we've implemented SAP, and I think we've done a very good job of not dropping the ball from the implementation of SAP. So the transactional systems, the data conversion rates, the ability of the system to operate at scale, we feel highly confident in at this point. I think the next phase of the journey is beginning to realize some of the financial benefits. One of the things that we're very excited about is the -- what SAP is going to enable in terms of allowing us to operate on a more global basis. So for the first time, now, recently, in the last month or 2, we now have visibility to the number of SKUs that we're creating around the world and the SKU overlap because we now have common style numbers. And we believe we have a significant opportunity through our global merchandising organization to drive greater brand consistency around the world by improving the SKU -- by rationalizing our SKU base as we go forward. If you think about that rationalization of the SKU base, that has significant margin and revenue improvement opportunities for us, because what it will allow us to do is focus our design and merchandising efforts on the SKUs that we believe are the highest potential sellers. It allows us to manufacture at a higher scale per SKU. It allows us to reduce inventory going forward. It should allow us to have lower markdown rates, and it should allow us to market more -- in a more common way around the world. And so we're very excited about the prospects that the SAP system will enable. Now, it will take time to fully flush through our system. The first season that we're working on for SKU reduction is fall of 2015 because we tend to design 9 months out. So we're expecting to see initial benefits toward the back half of next fiscal year, and we expect the benefits to grow from that point.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So I think on the higher cost of goods, I think this is a reflection of some of the investments that we're making in the season to move some of the production into Italy for some of our more luxury-oriented lines, invest more in the product quality, as well as -- which we believe is important to elevate the product. And that's really what we're talking about in terms of higher cost of goods that we expect in the third quarter. There also is a piece in the third quarter of product mix that we expect to impact the gross margin a little bit in the third quarter. But I don't view this as a sustainable trend. I view this as sort of a -- more of a one-off, so to speak. But we thought, given that we saw that trend, that we should mention it to The Street on the call so that it wasn't a surprise after the fact.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. So I think we've got very good visibility to our bookings through the balance of the year. And I think it's that visibility that we have in our bookings through the balance of the year, coupled with the accelerated pace of new store openings, that's factored into our guidance of accelerating revenue growth in the back half of the year, and in particular in the fourth quarter. Of course, the retail segment is a little bit more volatile depending on consumer traffic patterns, macroeconomic trends and consumer spending patterns. And so we're staying very close to that and monitoring it in a read-and-react fashion. But I think you've hit it right, which is the visibility we have in the wholesale bookings, which is pretty good at this point, coupled with the accelerated pace of retail store openings, is what's factored into our guidance for the balance of the year.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So I think one of the things we're looking at is our cycle time. And I think it's what Jacki meant -- talked about when she was talking about the combination of our global manufacturing and sourcing group with our supply chain group. By putting those 2 groups together, we're taking an end-to-end look at the time from design to the products being on the floor in the store. And in some cases, our current cycle time makes sense because it's optimized for cost and responsiveness to the consumer demand. In other cases, we believe that there could be an opportunity to accelerate cycle time so that we're more responsive to consumer demand and we can read and react on a faster basis. And I think one of the benefits that SAP is going to give us is even better visibility into those types of decisions going forward. So it's early days, because we've just combined these organizations and we're just in the middle of the SAP implementation. But it's certainly something that we are looking at actively. And we're not looking at it on a one-size-fits-all basis. We're looking at it very much on a product category basis.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So we saw, on a comp basis in our retail business that internationally, we -- our comps were up low to mid single-digits. In the international business, we had double-digit comp growth in the e-commerce business in the quarter. In the U.S. business, the comps were relatively flat. And the channel that continued to experience the most challenge was the U.S. factory outlet business, where traffic to the outlet channel in the U.S. continued to be down. We did see an improvement in conversion, in our case, in that channel, which muted some of that traffic decline in the outlet business. Interestingly, in the international outlet business, traffic was up, and our comp store sales growth was up in that channel outside the U.S.
Christopher H. Peterson: So, on the expense side, I think that, as we mentioned a little bit earlier, I think the peak expense pressure from the SG&A cost of the new store investments, the marketing investments and the infrastructure investments was really in the second quarter that we're reporting today. That being said, the dollar impact, that's from a margin standpoint, the dollar impact is going to be a little bit higher in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, but we expect that not to have as great a margin pressure because of the accelerated pace of revenue growth in the third and fourth quarter. And so that's sort of how we're looking at it playing out during the fiscal year. So we expect the SG&A pressure to moderate in the third and fourth quarter versus what we saw in the second quarter from the incremental investments. On Polo Sport, I think Jacki sort of touched on it. We were very excited about this initiative because we think it gets us into a very large, fast-growing part of the apparel business. Our first launch is going to be for fall of next year, so this is a fall of next year launch. And we're really focused at the launch on the Men's business and we're focused on launching in our stores, in e-commerce and in select department and specialty stores around the world. So more to come in terms of quantification of that opportunity as we get closer to the launch date.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. So, I think we were very pleased with the performance we had in Europe in the quarter. Our revenue was up high single digits in Europe in the quarter. We had our retail business grew double digits, and our wholesale business was up low single digits. If you look within Europe, I think we continue to see strength in the U.K. and Northern Europe. But importantly, we've seen a stabilization in Southern Europe that's contributed to a return to fairly strong growth in that region.
Christopher H. Peterson: Sure. I'll handle the outlet question. So from an outlet question, I think that what we're doing is a couple of things. Number one, we're focused on increasing and making our marketing investments more relevant and more targeted to that outlet shopper to try to have call-to-action advertising that drives traffic into the center and our stores in the center. And I think that is helping mitigate a little bit the traffic trend in the U.S. outlet channel, which I would differentiate from the international outlet channel. That being said, I think longer term, what we believe is that with the expansion of the e-commerce business, we believe some of those e-commerce shoppers are choosing to shop online rather than drive to the outlet. And so we do believe there is a cannibalization impact that's impacting the outlet channel. And we think that it's important for us to play in both channels, and it's important for us to focus on both driving traffic in both channels and improving conversion in both channels.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. So, we are early days on that. We just turned on in June of this year our Hong Kong e-commerce website that has ship to capability to a number of markets in Southeast Asia. We have not yet penetrated the Mainland China e-commerce business. We also, I would point out, just recently turned on social media in China as part of our increase in marketing and advertising spending this year, which we're very excited about. We are, of course, investigating how to approach and tackle the e-commerce business in Mainland China, given the size and growth of that business. But we have -- we're working through what we believe is the right business model, and we'll update you as we make decisions on that.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. So, I think one of the challenges is that our financial quarters don't line up nicely to the seasons. And so what we tend to look at is the spring/summer season, and then we look at the fall/holiday season. And what our focus is on the wholesale channel is growing market share. And so as we looked at how we closed out the spring/summer season, which included Q4 of last year, Q1 of this year and Q2 of this year, our wholesale business globally grew faster than the wholesale channel, and we grew market share in the channel over that period. We believe that we have a very strong plan for fall/holiday, that we have confidence we'll continue to grow our market share in the channel. There can be quarterly shifts in timing of shipments related to that, that follow wholesale customer receipt plans, but we tend to be more focused on the season basis than on the quarter basis is how we look at it.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: And regarding the supply chain, what we have recently done is taken our manufacturing, sourcing and supply chain distribution organizations and consolidated that under a single leadership. And what we're seeing is that there is now a seamless view from start of manufacturing through delivery of our customers. And what we are working on and seeing quickly is that there are some important benefits by that close-tied relationship from start to finish, from factory to delivery to our stores and our customers. And we're just beginning to identify and recognize those opportunities.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Christian, also let me add that the SKU count initiative and the dramatic reduction that we're looking at there also, we believe, combines to give us tremendous agility. And in terms of what we're managing and how our teams are managing it broadly from design through delivery, and that would be also an important outcome of that initiative.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Interesting, it's -- we're finding that the Polo Women's product definitely has an appeal to the millennial customer. And it is evidenced, clearly, if you stand in Fifth Avenue and you watch the audience who is buying that product, which was an important target for us as a company. So we really believe and see that we are realizing that result sort of as we are observing the results. The Denim & Supply product is doing extraordinarily well, although it has a more narrow distribution in a few stores that we've opened to date. And then more broadly, in wholesale internationally and of course, in the U.S. with Macy's. So the results have been fantastic on the brand, and the -- the audience is similar, however, the expression of the products are very different. The Polo Women's product really speaks to the, sort of the young preppiness, but with a twist and a very relevant to today's trend for that customer. And Denim & Supply has a much more -- a bohemian style about it, much more of a freestyle. And so they're quite differentiated when you look at the product. Both doing well and both really hitting their target audience.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: We also believe that with the gas price reduction and the fact that it often takes an hour to drive to an outlet mall, that, that also will provide some relief to the channel and could be an important differentiator as we move forward. In terms of price promotion at the department stores, I guess I've been doing this so long that it doesn't feel like it's any different to me. We have navigated through this season after season, through -- with every customer. We work hard to stay out of the fray and to guide our results based on our performance and product. As I said, I think we're happy with where we are for the fall season and we feel very comfortable as we guide ourselves into holiday and spring that we are well set up for the right appeal of product to our customers. So as I said, I don't feel it's any different than it's ever been before. And I think that, as I said, we are confident in how we move into the holiday season.
