Patrice Louvet: Good morning, Omar. Thank you for your question. So, listen we're not only  well positioned to benefit from new fashion cycle as we emerge from COVID and as consumers return to the category into the stores, but we've also really strengthened the foundations of our business and laid the groundwork over the past year for a sustainable multi-year growth trajectory of a healthier base. So to your point, yes, of course, the comps will look attractive for the coming 12 months, but because of the base period, but obviously our lens has been beyond that looking to the next three years to five years for the company. So, as part of the work, we've of course accelerated digital, you saw that in the numbers we just announced and established infrastructure for Connected Retail around the world, and that's going to have benefits on a long-term basis. But as I step back, I think there are really three key differentiators that I would highlight to underline how we see our competitive advantage and our long-term growth potential. The first one is the strength of our brand. And over the past year, we've actually seen our purchase intent increase across all of our key markets, which we track now on a monthly basis. And as you saw with our AUR numbers, we continue to progress on our elevation journey, up 30% this quarter, up 26% this fiscal year, 16 quarters in a row of AUR growth reflection of our brand elevation journey. The other point I would highlight is that we're seeing that our brand aesthetic that's anchored in luxury classics, right. So elevated flows that you can live in is resonating with consumers who are looking for a different kinds of luxury coming out of the pandemic. One important data point for us in this brand strength area is our ability to recruit new consumers. Over the past year, we've brought in more than 4 million new consumers into our franchise and these new consumers are generally younger, higher basket size, and higher profitability, and it's really only the beginning. I think we now have a consumer recruiting machine that's working very well across all of our key markets. So first area is really strength of our brand, Omar. Second area is the breadth of our lifestyle portfolio. And I think this enables us to flex across categories. The flex across different consumer interests and desires, whether that's athleisure, loungewear, or more sophisticated casual, and also expand into high potential underdeveloped categories like home or like outerwear. Third area is our resources and particularly our cash position. As you know and we've prided ourselves of that, we manage our balance sheet conservatively. And I think the past years indicated that, that was probably a good choice, and we are in a position now where one, we can restart dividends as you heard Jane mentioned earlier. And two, we have the fuel to invest in critical growth areas like digital, like marketing, and like store openings. So, we feel very good about where we are in terms of our ability to fund the investment opportunities for growth to your point. I think it's fair to say that our brand remains bigger than our business. And as we look at our opportunities around the world, both on the category, consumer segment and geographical standpoint, we have many vectors of growth, even more focus now on the Ralph Lauren namesake brands posts and moves that we've made on Chaps and recently announced on Club. So listen, on top of these three differentiators, which I think are evergreen and real point of difference for us, we have the benefit of an incredibly talented global organization, that's really proven its resilience and agility and scale during this crisis. We have a diversified and flexible supply chain. And I think the portfolio that's now well-defined and tight, so we can really focus on those key value drivers. So while we're not completely done with COVID, as you look at what's happening in Japan, what's happening in parts of Europe and other parts of Asia, I am incredibly encouraged by our positioning and by the foundations that we've laid for the short, the mid, and the long-term as we pivot back to offense not only this coming year, but for the years to come. To your question on quality of sales and general growth, listen we're in growth mode, right. We're in growth and value creation mode. We have a number of engines for growth. We will continue our brand elevation journey, which I think will be evergreen for this company. So, our expectation is to continue to drive AUR, obviously at a more modest pace than this past year. We continue to drive AUR. Our expectation is to continue to recruit new consumers, and we also expect to start to grow units, all right. And that's really the vectors of growth moving forward. So yes, Ralph Lauren is a growth company, value creation company, obviously, we will do it profitably as we've been doing, but we're excited about what's possible for us moving forward.
Patrice Louvet: Sounds good. Well, good morning, Michael, and Jane and I will answer on your questions. Listen, big picture. I have the most confidence now in our ability to win in North America, since starting with the company close to four years ago. That's really the way I feel right now by looking at where we are, what we've done and the key drivers of growth and value creation for that region. We have significant growth opportunities across the entire region. We are under developed in many key cities across the US, particularly in the West and in the South. And we have significant opportunity to expand our direct-to-consumer Connected Retail footprint. So of course is going to be the easy compares versus in fiscal year 2022 versus this past fiscal year, but all of the long-term drivers that I talked about in response to Omar's question apply here as well in our home market, of course. As you mentioned, specific to North America, the past three years or four years has been a year of reset. It's been a year of clean up, to get to a healthy base, to be positioned for growth. And so most of that work is complete now. The vast majority of it is complete. The recent interventions on our brand portfolio kind of being the closing elements of it. And we are clearly pivoting to offense across North America, across channels. We see multiple vectors of growth going forward. So if I take them one by one, first of all, our own digital, all right, which you saw the numbers this past quarter, 25% in total. Our domestic customers up 50% versus year ago, as we haven't delivered these kind of numbers on our own digital. I think since we've really been tracking it. So we're excited about the progress we're making there. The numbers are starting to reflect the higher and more margin accretive underlying growth, now that the daigou cleanup is mostly done. And this is a reflection of product that's really resonating with the consumer connected retail capabilities that the consumer is taking advantage of better functionalities on the sites and a much more effective segmentation targeting and personalization. Second area is our own retail stores, right, where our business model, our brand elevation and our Connected Retailing initiatives are working. And you're seeing the progress in the past quarter. We're driving back to sustainable positive comps and AUR. We're encouraged to see that the brick-and-mortar trends are beginning to improve. And just one data point, but our March comps were up strong double digits to last year and on a two-year stack. And with only 44 price stores, when you and I have talked this, right, we still -- we see a significant opportunity to expand our key city strategy and actually our North America team is in the field now visiting a number of locations, as we speak, we're going to do it very selectively and with a strong focus on Connected Retail centered around the consumer. And then finally on wholesale, where we've made dramatic changes over the past few years. A couple of data points. Our wholesale presence is down in terms of doors is down 61% over the past three years to four years. Our off-price penetration is down 50% over the past three years to four years. So massive resets that are now complete and now we are seeing accelerating growth, accelerating penetration of wholesale.com, where we've got very good momentum and wonderful partnerships here in the US. And we're starting to grow share in our existing wholesale doors. Past quarter, we grew share in men's. We grew share in kids, we grew share in home, and we're seeing more recently our women's business start to respond as well. So we have a healthier -- we have healthier partnerships. We have a cleaner footprint from both a digital and brick-and-mortar standpoint in wholesale. And so net -- I'd say, Michael, I feel very good about where we are, and obviously we got to deliver. But I think we're very well positioned now to win in North America.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. In lead indicators that we look at that are, are we bringing in new consumers into the fold. And past quarter in North America, our digital platforms, new consumers of 79% versus year ago. We look at our ability continue to drive AUR, right. And you saw the strong performance. I think our strongest quarter of the fiscal year actually with AUR, up 30%. And as we look at -- as we track also brand health, so purchase intent key metrics of brand health, we continue to see progress. So those all give us confidence that the work we're doing is resonating, our product is resonating, our communication is resonating, our elevation of distribution is resonating. And then, through the specific share points, I mean you have access to this, to this data as well. We are seeing our share progress on -- quite strong on men's, renewed momentum on kids, which is a business that we've worked hard to energize and strong performance on home, which as you know is a new focus for us. And we think there's significant potential there. And then, indeed more recently, as the consumer behavior on women's ready to wear pivots back to more elevated products, pivot back to more fashion, more color, right. We're seeing women buy more into Princess dresses. We're seeing them buy more into Blazers. We're seeing them buy more into novelty sweaters. We're very well positioned in these categories. So we -- this is translating into accelerating performance for us. 30 [ph] days now, I hope to be able to report a lot more, once things are fully re-open in, into -- but at the end of this quarter we're feeling good about the momentum that we're building.
Patrice Louvet: All right. Well, thank you, everyone for joining us today. We are very proud, Jane and I and Ralph of the resilience and agility, our teams have demonstrated in delivering a strong close to the year. Looking ahead, hopefully, you took this away from our conversation today, we are confident in our ability to deliver sustainable long-term growth and value creation not only this fiscal year but also beyond. And we look forward to sharing our first quarter fiscal year 2022 results with you in August. Until then, stay safe and have a great day.
Jane Nielsen: And Omar, I would just add that, your question about the balance between brand, health and profitability, I mean that's the core of our strategy. We believe elevation of our brand, elevation of our distribution drives improved profitability and value creation, and I think our guidance that we're back to growth and back to OI margin accretion relative to pre-COVID levels is a proof point in and that’s what our strategy is going to deliver.
Jane Nielsen: And just, Michael, on your question on SG&A. So, obviously our guidance implies significant SG&A leverage in this year. And that's really built on, it's over 600 -- well over 600 basis points and operating margin expansion of 100 basis points to pre-COVID levels. And that's really predicated on what we've done in terms of achieving savings from our organization restructuring, obviously what we've called out for Club Monaco. And as you think about upside scenarios, and I think we've guided based on our best visibility that we have today in a fairly dynamic environment. But as you think about revenue upside, as vaccination rates might accelerate worldwide, as tourism may come back, strong -- maintenance of high digital penetrations like we saw in China, those are all upside scenarios. Our strong gross margin is really going to help us with flow through there. In terms of our cost structure, I think about the big buckets of rent and occupancy, corporate costs, depreciation are all highly leverageable in our model. And so the flow through that we get on incremental sales either in wholesale, digital or in our own stores are accretive, and a nicely accretive. So, I think you will see flow through, if there is an upside scenario on sales as we typically do. But we feel very good about how our cost structure is positioned. We feel good about our ability to invest in our brands. So our guide also implies a continued higher level of marketing at that around 6% range, which is about 150 basis points higher than pre-COVID levels. We're committed to our brand elevation journey and see that marketing is a key part of that, plus digital investments and new store investments. We'll have about 50 gross new stores in this coming year, the environments, right. We're optimistic about the environment. This is the right time to go back to elevated distribution expansion. So we think we found the balance between delivering profit accretion and investing in our business.
Jane Nielsen: Well, that Patrice's comment is predicated on North America data. Based on our best estimates, we are also seeing share gains in Europe, in wholesale.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So Laurent, the $700 million is going to be a little more pronounced in the second half than in the first half, that's primarily driven by that we'll have Club Monaco in our results for Q1, and we'll have some residual Chaps business before the license shift in our business through Q1 and Q2. So you'll see a little bit of out-sized based on those two factors. The other, the daigou repositioning and wholesale door closures and off-price pullbacks those were relatively ratable through the year. But I think those two factors are what will distort 1H and 2H. And then on the $180 million of cost savings, about a $140 million is -- those savings are recorded in SG&A, because of our supply chain and product development organization streamlining about $40 million of that will be -- is embedded in COGS, and will flow through in COGS. And in terms of the year, it's also fairly ratable through the year. And we were encouraged in Q4, that we got an early start on that savings. The investment focus is that you point out are what I mentioned in terms of marketing versus pre-COVID levels, that 150 basis points increase in marketing. And then the store investments and digital investments, as you will see us invest as Patrice mentioned in more localized sites and some digital investments in content digitizing our supply chain. All of those are contemplated in our guidance.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So in terms of our operating margin guidance on a longer-term basis, what we see is that our mid-teens operating margin guidance over the next several years is still the right goal for us. Obviously, COVID put a question mark in terms of timing to achieve. But I think as we come out of this year, we're back on about 100 basis points of margin expansion from pre-COVID levels. Obviously we're expanding margins over 600 basis points to last year. That feels like a good trajectory and a balance of growth delivering operating margin profitability and investing in our business to make sure that it's a long-term value creating growth. And then, in terms of what we're seeing on what we have to see this year, obviously we've signaled a return to growth. We've signaled underlying gross margin expansion on the backs of AUR growth that's more in line with our long-term guidance of low to mid-single digits. We have to room maintain our operating expense discipline, while still investing in our business and making sure that those businesses yield the high ROI's that we've seen through this COVID period. We've got great results on ROI from personalization and targeting and marketing investments that really lean on our brands authenticity and heritage and value. So overall, I think we are feeling confident about our plan. Obviously, we're watching the trajectory of COVID carefully. It does imply a continued recovery rate in traffic. It does imply that the closures that we see in Europe will be completed in June. So that's a variable and we're watching disruptions in the supply chain fairly, carefully. In terms of fall orders, what we're seeing in Europe is, that Europe is up. You saw strong wholesale performance in Europe, that frankly exceeded our expectations given European closures. Europe is up on a versus last year of course, but also on a LLY basis. And in the US we're seeing strong improvement outperforming the broader wholesale trend and our sell-in is much better align now to sell-out. You saw over the past year we've been carefully managing inventories. We're now better aligned with positive sell-out in the fourth quarter and going forward we're seeing the order book better aligned to our sell-out trends, which were encouraged by.
Jane Nielsen: Of course. So what I feel really good about in North America, which Patrice commented on in his question is that we are essentially done with the repositioning that we needed to do across our broad wholesale channel. So wholesale of course is off-price, which we've significantly reshaped strategically and taken down materially. And we feel good about that business that is now strategically re-positioned to be what it should be, which is a vehicle for excess liquidation. We feel really good that we got out ahead of closing some of the 232 doors in North America. We feel like our store footprint is now elevated and appropriate to move forward. And you're starting to see us gain market share in the channel. And we feel good about the growth that you -- that we're seeing in wholesale.com. And view that as the continued source of growth for us as we move forward. You saw significant pick up in wholesale.com in North America and in Europe in the fourth quarter. So, we feel good about the Proofpoint [ph] and the trends on the back of some pilot initiatives, dedicated resourcing and dedicated content that we put there. So just for sizing, we feel like the North America will be a source of growth for us. It will also be a source of sustainable growth for us driven by digital, driven by pure plays and driven by market share gains in the district footprint, distribution footprint, which we now feel very good about.
Jane Nielsen: So the sale of Club Monaco, this year should add about 40 basis points to 50 basis points of operating margin, accretion. And then Chaps, while it has a meaningful hit on the bottom line is, will generate more dollars on the bottom line, but it's relatively small.
