Patrice Jean Louis Louvet: Good morning, Paul. Hey, welcome. Welcome to the group. So we're actually pleased with our progress on digital commerce this quarter, both in North America and actually also internationally, but let me touch on the key drivers for the North America progress. It's really three factors for us: one, better brand building; two, an enhanced consumer experience; and then, three, continued work on quality of sales. So maybe just to give you some flavor, some of the things we drove across each of these factors. On the brand building front, we leveraged the 50th Anniversary Fashion Show with what we called an immersive website experience. We streamed the show live. We told richer and deeper stories, and we're going to continue to do that on product. We integrated our social feeds, and we launched what we've called a dynamic 50th storytelling section on the site, so much more elevated storytelling, much more elevated photography, much more interesting content. On the consumer experience front, we drove a number of changes, and we know we have significant progress to make here. So just to give you few examples of increased functionality in this past quarter; faster site loading time on mobile. Our loading time improved by 25% to 30% over the past quarter, and we know every second is millions of dollars. Product suggestions, so we introduced a May We Suggest section. Actually, we reintroduced a May We Suggest section that we had many years back and that we brought back. We've provided enhanced product detail pages. We launched favorites, and we also launched the waitlist functionality. We are now delivering more elevated packaging on our luxury items, and then we accelerated our standard shipping timings. So those are just a few of the changes we've driven. And obviously, making sure our consumers have an awesome experience on the site is critical for us. Then the third element is we continued to work on quality of sales, driving AURs and reducing our discounting over time. In terms of innings and Jane is our baseball expert on this team, listen, in terms of innings, I think, Paul, at this stage, we're really in the very early stages of the game. We actually see many more opportunities moving forward. We're planning continued growth now in North America digital commerce in the back half of the year. So we're pleased with the plus 9% we delivered this quarter and expect to continue to grow moving forward. Then longer term, our biggest opportunities are really in building the omnichannel functionality of our digital commerce operations, so better connecting our retail experiences to where the consumer wants us to show up, better connecting it to our social commerce, and so on.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet: And I guess on your Amazon question, so maybe just starting with a bigger picture on pure players for us. Pure players is a key building block of our digital commerce strategy. And, actually, this quarter, pure players was the fastest growing part of our digital commerce business. As far as the U.S. is concerned, we're now live with our Chaps pilot on Amazon. We've been on there for several weeks. We're actually encouraged by the early results, the higher AURs, frankly, than we expected, so we'll see whether that continues. And then the learnings that we're generating together with Amazon, so feeling good about that. But, obviously, very early days and we'll report over time in terms of how we're performing. And then on the broader Amazon conversation, we are continuing our dialogue with Amazon. We are very clear on the four key principles for us to participate in pure play business. They haven't changed, right: brand building presentation; pricing integrity; making sure that no non-authorized third-party sellers or counterfeit products are available on the site; and working with the partner on access to consumer data. So those four principles are still in place. We are now there on the balance of the portfolio with Amazon in the U.S. We're actually making progress across many different pure players around the world, including here in the U.S. We just joined Stitch Fix, Olivella in the U.S. and also new customers around the world. So continuing to drive it and continuing to drive the dialogue with Amazon and looking carefully at our experience in our pilot with Chaps.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet: So overall, we're excited about the role these capsules play within our overall brand building program. We are very clear that we have to do this at the right pace, because if you do it too frequently, it loses its sense of excitement and interest. We think we have the right drumbeat, so we expect to continue to do these at the pace that I think we've established so far. And, listen, every time we drop one, we're getting immense excitement and great interest. The latest one is Downhill Skier, so available on our app for those of you who want to access it. And initial results are quite positive behind that. But it is part of our broader brand building program and product program moving forward, right? If you think about it from a product standpoint, one, we obviously want to drive the core. We're seeing positive results on the core. Then we want to use limited editions in capsules and personalization to bring excitement to the brand. And then, obviously, a third plank is the under-developed categories that we've been talking about.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet: And then on the app, I mean, we're actually really excited. We're finally able to make an app available to our fan community around the world. Loyalty point is spot on, Omar, which is ultimately, we will want to have a loyalty program for our best customers. We'll need to make sure that we offer relevant value for them. But certainly, that's consistent with our thinking on this platform.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet: So starting with the wholesale renovation, so far over the past 12 months, we've done about 175. Obviously, we're focusing first and foremost on those bigger doors, so not every door is treated equally. Some of these include the doors that our biggest partner is renovating at the same time, their top 50. That represents about 10% of sales. So we're early days in this exercise. Where we have done it, we've seen an acceleration of top line growth and we see a good financial return on it. So we're actually quite encouraged by the early results we're getting behind this. What we'd like to do, I think we talked it during Investor Day, is over the next three years, we want to get to at least 60% of our business, which will represent the majority of the core doors for the business; so continuing to drive that both here in the U.S. and also doing that around the world. We just redid our Selfridges doors. So those of you who are traveling in the UK, you'll get a chance to see that. That was redone about three or four days ago, and the early indications are positive. As far as the second part of your question, which is when do things turn from a brick-and-mortar standpoint and what's going to be different relative to e-commerce, I think it's really the key elements of the strategy that we've called out, which is making sure that our marketing is connecting with a new generation of consumers and getting those consumers excited about what we have to offer. It's really around product and getting the right balance between core and fashion and leveraging the capsules and the special partnerships and personalization, as we talked earlier, to drive that. And then indeed to your point, the omnichannel dimension is critical, so we look at it as a whole, because we need to make sure we're connecting as much as possible wholesale dot-com and wholesale brick-and-mortar because we are encouraged by the progress we're seeing on dot-com, and so it's leverage the momentum that we're building there. But it's the fundamentals of product, communication, and store. And I am actually really pleased with the way the teams are actually treating against all those three elements. So we should continue to see incremental sequential progress as we put one foot in front of the other in driving the acceleration of the business.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet: So listen, as far as overall Europe is concerned, Ike, we're actually performing in line with our expectations for Q2. So it's the same thing, delivering sequential progress, I think we talked earlier about the progress we're making on direct comps. We're also seeing good performance on wholesale. So we're not seeing macro dynamics really shift significantly for our business. We've also assumed relatively tame progress from a macro standpoint in Europe moving forward. I think we're assuming basically flat overall growth for the region. And we have outlawed weather as an explanation for business performance at Ralph Lauren. So listen, weather was not clearly a tailwind, but we have to control our destiny and we've I think leveraged other dimensions of our portfolio and business model to drive the business forward, so all in all, seeing good performance on wholesale. There are timing dynamics, but low to mid-single-digit performance in European wholesale, better transition than expected on our platform on dot-com, great work by the team there, so feeling good about that. And then, as you saw, sequential progress on retail comps, minus 4% Q2, minus 8% the quarter before that, and we expect that progress to continue.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet: Sure. Good morning, Bob. So, listen, we're excited about our progress in China, right. You saw the numbers. They continued to be strong in Q2: Greater China, up 20%; Mainland China, up 40%, consistent with what we delivered in the first quarter. So we have nice momentum, nice momentum there. If you kind of peel the different elements apart, our digital business is growing double digits there. We just launched our digital flagship RalphLauren.cn, so we're excited about that. We just joined TOPLIFE within the JD platform. We're also excited about that, so, in general, good progress on the digital commerce front. And then, we're continuing to drive our brick-and-mortar presence in the context of the ecosystem we want to build around these big cities, the Shanghais, the Shenzhens, the Beijings and Hong Kongs of this world. We ended the quarter with 68 stores in China. We are on track to open 50 in total for the fiscal year. And what's exciting and gets to your specific consumer question is what we're seeing in terms of consumer engagement is we're bringing in a good balance between men and women, right. So, you know, globally, our business trends to be more skewed towards men. But in China, actually we've got a good 50%-50% balance between men and women. We're bringing younger consumers, right, so consumers in their 20s and 30s which we feel good about. And then we're also seeing consumers who are prepared to buy at the high-end of our range from a product standpoint, so one illustration, cashmere, which is one of our higher-priced items, consistently is in the top 10 selling items in China. And as a whole, we're actually seeing the consumer ready to migrate to the higher parts of our portfolio. From an awareness standpoint, we continue to build awareness. It's always a little tricky to get reliable awareness data in China, but from the latest indications we had is the marketing that we're doing there with influencers weaving the brand into the cultural fabric of China is clearly resonating. And the fact that we had a number of our influencers at the show obviously helped. And we've got Singles' Day coming up, so we'll do a lot of good marketing around that. We're not going to leverage it as a promotional tool. We really focus on it as a brand building tool. But I would say the response that we're getting from consumers, men and women, across Mainland China and Greater China is actually quite encouraging. And we're building good momentum. And you know what our goal is for the business. We want to hit $0.5 billion in the next five years. And if we continue at this pace, then we'll get to that number and probably a little bit more. On tourism, actually tourism is a relatively small part of our business, right, so the whole Daegu conversation and so on really doesn't apply much to us. Obviously, it's an area of development for us, but at this point certainly not a vulnerability.
Patrice Jean Louis Louvet: All right, that closes the morning. Listen, thank you to all of you for joining us today. This is clearly an important year for us as we celebrate our 50th anniversary and not many companies get to do that in this industry. And I do want to take this opportunity to congratulate Ralph and the entire team on what we've accomplished so far and the ongoing work that we're all doing to deliver for the future as we write our Next Great Chapter. We're pleased with our early progress and results as we continue to strengthen our connection with the consumers around the world. We again want to thank Evren for everything that she's done on this part of the business. And I really look forward to you helping us drive Club Monaco to glory. And then, Cori, officially welcome in your new role. This is great succession planning, I think. And we look forward to talking to all of you over the course of the next quarter or at the call the next quarter. So thank you and have a great day.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Sure, so welcome, Paul. I'd be happy to take you through the gross margin. What you saw in the second quarter, we were pleased with our gross margin performance expanding 100 basis points in the quarter. The most important driver is what's been really durable over the last two years, and that is that we reduced promotion and we got our AURs up. That's going to maintain over the second half of this year and is the chief driver in expanding our gross margin 75 basis points for the full year. We also had benefits from geographic mix and channel mix. Those are also going to be durable through the second half of the year. Where we're seeing a switch is really the product cost, which was a slight headwind in the quarter, actually becomes a headwind through Q3 and Q4, and is about 30 to 40 basis points of pressure by the time we exit the year in the fourth quarter. You'll recall last year, that was a tailwind of about 80 basis points. So that's where the dynamic is shifting, and we've been calling that out for a while. And indeed, we are seeing that. Now importantly, as we think about that pressure, it incorporates the tariff pressures that we're seeing from the existing legislation and incorporates some of the freight and input cost inflation that we're seeing. And then FX, which has been a nice tailwind to us in the first quarter of about 10 basis points and in the second quarter of about 40 basis points, moves into a headwind in the second half of the year. So those are really the drivers. We're really pleased that we continue to expect gross margin expansion, and we're holding to our guidance on gross margin expansion. But we do see, as we've called out for a while, some of those pressures coming. As we look at inventory, we expect inventory to more closely align with our sales outlook by the fourth quarter.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: So as we think about big initiatives in terms of what we're seeing in SG&A, we have a number of focus areas across our costs. We're seeing some of the benefits from the procurement initiatives that we instituted. We're starting to see some nice distribution savings that will mostly manifest themselves in FY 2020 from the work that we're doing, and a disciplined approach to overall costs. And overall in the quarter, we've seen our payroll costs reducing. And of course, as I called out, we invested in marketing this quarter. As I look to the back half of the year, we'll continue to invest in marketing, notably in the third quarter. Now recall, last year in the first half of the year, marketing was down. It was up in the second half. We are going to invest and expect to have increased marketing in the third quarter, but some leverage in the fourth quarter overall. And so I think you'll see the expense flow be a little higher in the third quarter and advantaged in the fourth quarter as we move through the year. But as you saw in our guidance for the full year, we expect operating margin expansion and our revenue to be flattish to slightly up. And so I think you'll see some nice profit accretion top to bottom line.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Sure. So I would say on AUR growth, AUR growth is a key part of our strategic plan that we outlined. So we expect AUR growth as we move through into the second half so that will continue. And then as we look out over the next five years, because we're elevating our brand, we're moving to a more direct-to-consumer distribution, you will see AUR growth through the remainder of the plan. So, we see it as durable. We see it as an important part of the plan. It's a combination of reduction in promotion, selective and surgical price increases, as needed, notably on new products. And overall, assorting into higher AURs, notably in our international markets, where consumers have been very receptive to that. The shift out of airfreight is a part of our ongoing saving strategy to move to more efficient forms of freight transport. Freight, in total, is about 3% to 5% of our COGS, so it's important. It's a nice shift, but I wouldn't say it's a material driver of overall COGS.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: So, on the off-price reduction, it's going to be down meaningfully this year. As we move out into the out years of our strategic plan, we do plan to reduce our penetration of off-price to our wholesale channel. So we expect it to be compressive, if you will, to our overall growth. We contemplated that with our algorithm as we looked at our five-year strategic plan. Will it be negative or not? I think it's too soon to call. It'll be based on our overall wholesale outlook. And we're managing that channel prudently, but we've acknowledged it is a pressure point to our overall growth algorithm and we've contemplated that.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: From an ROI perspective, Kate, we look at these as really they have a great marketing value. They tend to sell out and sell out at full price. Our teams have gotten very adept at developing them, so the incremental costs are minimal. So we see them as a good product ROI and, more importantly, a great marketing ROI.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Sure, Omar. I'll take the first part and then I'll let Patrice talk about what we're doing moving forward. What we've seen in terms of our inflection back to growth, there's no denying that we are overlapping a significant reset of our digital business to drive price harmonization, to become less promotional. I think we've accomplished that. And encouragingly in the quarter, what we see is that our full price business on our website is growing nicely, so that's an important part of what you're seeing in terms of the growth. But what I can't do is break out exactly what's the benefit of the improvements that we've made to the site and how much that's impacting. We did see the key driver is improved traffic and so that we know that that's helping the top line and that traffic is getting a better experience. But I think that the reset that we've done as we look at full price selling, which has been up nicely in this quarter, is an important part of the driver. So I think they really go hand-in-hand.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: We saw North America, overall in the first quarter, wholesale business was down low single digits. And we see it flattish in the second quarter, up slightly in the second quarter. I think it's relatively comparable. What I'm seeing in the underlying trend, the underlying full price trend is that from first half to second half, we're making sequential progress. So we're very encouraged by that. We saw in the first half, sort of, some high single-digit to mid-single-digit declines. As we go into the second half, we expect to see that improve to be more towards the overall trend, of sort of low to mid-single-digit declines in our full price business, which is a meaningful improvement from what we saw last year. So overall, we're encouraged. Most of the noise is coming from the shipment timing of off-price, but we see sequential progress in our full price North America wholesale business as we move into the second half of the year.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Okay. So we've got a lot of dynamics. Let me just sort of pull them apart. In the fourth quarter, you're exactly right, Michael. We've been calling out for a while. What you're going to see if you step back, first half to second half, you're going to see overall trend improvement. In the first three quarters, consistent with our guidance of this year, are very positive. Fourth quarter, as we said, has a number of factors that we've called out. One is, the Easter shift, which is 3 points to North America comp and a full point to the total company. This is total company revenues. We've called out reductions in off-price. And then shipment timing in Europe for their wholesale business is going to be favorable in the third quarter, but it will decline in the fourth quarter, very similar to what we saw in the first half of the year. Those are the three drivers that get you to the guidance squeeze on the fourth quarter, which is our most challenging top line quarter.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yes. Ike, as we said, one thing that we might call out is that we do see some weakness in foreign tourists, largely probably based on what we're seeing in the euro. But overall in Europe from a comp perspective, we were very pleased with the 5-point improvement we saw going from Q1 to Q2 in our bricks-and-mortar comps. And, as you know, we made a significant investment in inventory in that market to get back into more seasonal product, a little more innovation in our product, notably in our outlet stores, and we're seeing that working. And so we expect our bricks-and-mortar comp as a reflection of that investment in inventory, and in conjunction with marketing investments that we've made, that you'll see an improvement in the second half. We don't guide comps by region, but we expect to see some nice improvement as we move through the second half.
