Patrice Louvet: All right. Good morning, Michael. So I’ll take the first part of your question and then Jane will cover your – the second part.
Patrice Louvet: Short answer is yes. We expect to see an improvement in our underlying business trend as we move through fiscal year 2019. However, on the face of the reported numbers, you’re not going to really see a smooth sequential quarterly flow. And there are really three reasons that are going to make the quarterly flow a little choppy, if I can use that terminology. First one is the cadence of our wholesale shipments, right? Our strategic reduction in our off-price shipment this year are going to be more concentrated in the second-half of the fiscal year, so that’s going to obviously pressure revenue in the back-half. And in addition, Q1 is actually benefiting from a shift in European wholesale as we normalize our shipment cadence after adjustments we made last year in that region. So that’s the first one. The second one is the timing of Easter that we referred to in our remarks, right? The fourth quarter and the first quarter of fiscal 2019 are going to be negatively impacted by this Easter shift. And then the final one is foreign currency. So based on what we can assume today, we assume that FX will have a bigger benefit to reported revenue in the front-half of the fiscal year. Yes, but if you exclude the impact of the Easter shift, our strategic off-price reductions, you will see a meaningful improvement in our underlying business trends as we go through the year.
Patrice Louvet: Let’s tag team, Jane and I, on this one. First, looking at the progress that drove – the drivers behind the progress in our comp. It’s really the game plan that we’ve laid out starting to deliver. So the elevation of the brand that we are doing through product, through quality of sales. And then as you look at the work we’re doing on marketing and on specific product categories, whether that’s denim, you heard earlier examples of outerwear in our prepared remarks, the combination of those high-growth categories and our stronger penetration of those has been key drivers behind the improvement of the comp performance that we’re seeing. And we expect to continue the effort, both in terms of elevating the brand and evolving the product and the marketing. I also – although it’s very hard to trace it to every – to a single activity, I think, the shift that we’re making from a marketing standpoint towards more digital, towards more social and the numbers really continue to bear this out is having an impact on traffic, is having an impact on the brand perception, and this is therefore, driving this improvement that we’re seeing.
Patrice Louvet: Thanks, Omar. So I guess, a couple of things on this one. One, there is just continued good old basic discipline that we will – we have in place that we’re going to continue to drive to make sure that we are as efficient as possible. During Investor Day, which I’m sure you’ll attend, we’ll give you some more perspective on some of the shifts we’re making in terms of managing inventory, particularly across channels, where it was historically been relatively siloed in the way we’ve managed inventory. And I think we’ve got some exciting projects to leverage that more smartly across channels. So you’ll see us continue to make progress on this area.
Patrice Louvet: So that’s – honestly, that’s not the focus for us at this point. We want to be a lot more efficient with the space that we have. And so this is really about productivity per square foot as opposed to just adding more space. What we’re finding actually, in some areas, we potentially have excess space relative to what we need to present the brand appropriately. So we’re really focusing on the productivity of the space we have and making that work much harder for us. And we’re actually seeing significant benefits, both in wholesale and in the stores that we’ve renovated behind that approach.
Patrice Louvet: Sure. Maybe I’ll start with the marketing spend, Eric. So right now, our spend is around 4% of sales, right? The industry norm is closer to 5%. So over time, our goal is to get to minimum, the industry norm, because we believe in branding, we have an amazing brand, we need to invest behind it. We’ve made good progress over the back-half of this past fiscal year, as we want to continue to drive that. And I think you can expect that we will increase similar growth rate in fiscal 2019 relative to the overall increase in fiscal year 2018. With a deliberate focus again on digital and social commerce, that’s where the vast – and social media, that’s where the vast majority of our marketing increases will go.
Patrice Louvet: Sure, Simeon. Let me give you some context on capital. Obviously, FY 2018, we spent less than we thought we would at $162 million. But I really view this as a test-and-learn year. So we put a lot of test into the marketplace, but we have a stringent guideline for the ROI that we need to see from investments that we put in the marketplace. That caused us to delay some initiatives into 2019, and so you’re seeing that, in our CapEx guidance, it’s closer to about 4.5% of sales as we move forward. Over the long-term, we think that 4.5% to 5%, 4% to 5% is the right level of CapEx for our business. As I look at CapEx, especially this year, if you contrast it to the last several years, like many others, significant CapEx investments in IT have moved into SG&A as we take advantage of more variable platforms like Demandware or Salesforce eCommerce Cloud, backup services that you don’t have to invest capital in, but you pay as a service and stay technologically upgraded. So that’s a factor for CapEx as we move forward. But I think, we feel good that we have really inculcated a strong ROI culture. We know where we need to go and we’ll talk about it much more at Investor Day. Then, obviously, on off-price, we don’t disclose the percentage of that business to our total. As you know, we would disclose it if it was more than 10% as a very high watermark. But our objective is to increase this channel’s penetration into our wholesale channel, so it will be decreasing...
Patrice Louvet: We are increasing instead of – don’t let anyone else hear that. We are decreasing its penetration to the wholesale channel. So it is a point of pressure to growth obviously in 2018 and into the future, not as dramatic as you saw in 2018, but at decreasing penetration. It’s a pressure point in growth, because we’ve got to get this channel back to where it should be strategically for us, which is in a point of excess sale for excess that we generate as a retailer.
Patrice Louvet: Yes. I think we’re excited about the growth opportunities we have in international and we will share those in more detail in a couple of weeks. So listen, we’re going to close it here. Thank you for joining the call. We look forward to seeing all of you June 7 on the Investor Day and have a great day. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Michael, just on the second part of your question, I have two reasons to believe that our wholesale results are going to improve. One you called out is improved sell-out trends. So if I look a year ago to spring 2017, our sell-out was down mid-teens. As we move through holidays, we saw low double digits. And now in – our current sell-out is down in the mid-single-digit range, so strong progress there. Our overall full – natural margins at wholesalers have progressed to increase quarter-by-quarter, so we made great progress this year. On retailer profitability, as you can see, our profitability, as was reflected in the segment, has also improved, so it’s been a win-win situation. And based on those sell-outs, the order books are going to be stronger as we move into 2019. So it takes a while, especially in wholesale, because you’ve got to earn your way through. But I think, they’re seeing the sell-out improvements. We’ve gotten good feedback on the showrooms that we’re showing. And importantly, we’re both winning with following – coming out of our reset.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Let me try to take your question in pieces. First, on AUR. So where do I see AURs going? AURs are going to go higher and that’s based on a number of dynamics, product elevation that we’ve been working through this year and continue to work on, differentiated assortments by channels that allow for pricing harmonization and for us to provide value in different channels, as well as price harmony. We are assorting into higher price points, notably in international. The international consumer has a very strong view of the Ralph Lauren brand and we’re going to take that opportunity to assort into higher price points. As we mix into international markets where our AURs are higher, notably in Asia, you will see some benefit also to the AUR as we get that mix. And of course, that’s all balanced on a foundation of less promotions and less discounting as we move through the year. So that’s the expectation that I see on AURs. As I look – step back from gross margin – to gross margins, we do see gross margin’s expansion into the coming year. And that’s driven largely on the back of what I just talked about higher AURs, less discounts and less promotions. That’s been, as you look across these four quarters, the largest driver of our gross margin progression and that will continue to be the driver as we move forward. There is a benefit, as we – as I mentioned, as we move into international. That benefit on the gross margin line because of the higher AURs and the higher gross margins in international will be a net benefit as we move into next year. As you look between wholesale and retail globally, we have – we are at the highest retail gross margin as a company that we’ve seen. But we believe we have progress to move further, especially as we build out these smaller-format doors that carry a nice – very nice gross margins across Asia, but across all of our markets, so that’s a net benefit. And then wholesale, we made a lot of good progress and we’re at our highest total wholesale gross margins that we’ve been at in five years. But with the progress we’re making with assortment and differentiated assortment and the pullback in off-price, we see more room there as well. I think that we are comfortable that gross margin will expand, not at the pace that you’ve seen it in this last year, but as a durable benefit as we move forward.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So first of all, on digital, and I’m sure you’re tired of hearing me say this, we’re going to make, like all things, nothing happens when you turn the page of a calendar or a fiscal year. But we are going to make sequential progress on our digital business and we’re encouraged by the early signs that we’re seeing on digital. So it’s not a flip, but it will be a sequential progress story as we look into FY 2019. And where we’re really pleased in our digital business in terms of the amount of products sold on promotion is that, overall, what we’ve done is, we’d really pull down the highest markdowns of 50% off or greater. We’ve seen that penetrate far less in our assortment and we’ve seen full price selling, most importantly, that wasn’t affected by any promotion be up 3% this year and move strongly through the year. So that we ended the fourth quarter with full price selling up over double digits.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Rick, as I look at the components, really the two drivers of North America comp were strong AUR growth, which you’d expect given our quality of sales initiatives and improved traffic trends across all our channels. Now what we are seeing in contrast to Europe is, we saw a meaningful pickup in foreign tourist traffic. So it was up 7% this quarter and it was down about 7% last quarter. So a meaningful shift in traffic. We try to be clear, this was a holiday quarter. So, in North America, about 3.5 points with a benefit to North America comp, comp positive despite the holidays, so that’s very encouraging. It will sit on Q1 and the holiday will sit on Q4. But as we move forward, we expect to be sort of flat to down low single digits comp in FY 2019.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, and we’ll talk about it more at Investor Day. I would say that the work that our supply chain leader, Halide Alagöz and Valérie Hermann, have done to have a very strong and integrated planning process from sketch to shelf has been a huge benefit to our inventory management. Good old-fashioned SKU cutting that were of unproductive SKUs was also a benefit and now we’re evolving more into differentiated SKUs to support our overall AURs. And we are using technology like our RFID technology in the factory store, as well as shared inventory across channel to improve our inventory work. I would expect longer-term that our objective is to have the improved turns more moderately than we have with the inventory reset that we did to return to improved turns. But really, you’ll see inventory match our sales outlook.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Bob, I would just add that one of the benefits of that we’re seeing in wholesale channel following the closure of the unproductive point-of-sales, as well as refurbishments that we are seeing our GMROI and our sales per square foot in wholesale increase nicely even in the face of overall shipment declines. So the GMROI of our strategy is working for us and it’s working for our retailers. And in some cases, the resets actually have gone through a period of pullback, it helps you stake your claim to the space that you want and assort it more productively and that’s certainly what we’re doing.
Jane Nielsen: So as I look at product cost, Eric, the pressure points are, I’d say, twofold. One is in actual garment, cost of polyester, cotton and even labor wage rates. And then the other factor that we’re looking at is obviously freight cost and trucking capacity. As I aggregate those factors, I think that it’s about 30 to 50 basis points of pressure on gross margin. Now as I contrast that to what happened in FY 2018, it was about 50 basis points of benefit. So we obviously are looking at cost management – cost initiative, renegotiating some deals and leveraging scale with our supply partners and managing duty costs. Those are all parts of our ongoing productivity initiatives to manage this cost to that 30 to 50 basis points. We’ll also – a part of our AUR journey is to make sure that we cover structural cost increases with pricing increases. So I think we have a handle on it. It is a factor and it’s one of the factors that will make gross margin expansion next year, but at a less significant rate than we saw in FY 2018.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. And I can tell you, John, we’re going to talk a lot more about this at Investor Day, and you can hear it directly from our leaders, Jeff Kuster and Howard Smith, who will give you perspective. In general, next year, I expect that international will grow and North America will decline less – in less magnitude than we saw this year, reflecting the work that we’ve done, but that’s our expectation. As I look across the international business, we know we are underpenetrated in China. Our store presence has a lot of opportunity. The Chinese consumer in the research that we’ve done has an elevated perception of the brand. And we’ve got a lot of room to grow into their perception, both in our assortments and in our stores, building out our stores. Across Europe, again, we have 19 full-price stores in Europe. We have a great opportunity to grow there. Notably, we’re underpenetrated in Germany and Italy as opportunity areas, where we have a strong consumer perceptions and relatively limited build-out of our store fleet, but those are the opportunity areas.
