Christopher H. Peterson - President: Yeah, so let's start on the reorganization. So I think we provided a little bit more color. The six brand groups that we're talking about are, one that's going to be focused on our luxury business which will include the Ralph Lauren brand and the RRL brand which Valérie Hermann will lead as the brand President. We will have a brand group focused on Polo, we'll have a brand group focused on Denim & Supply. We'll have a brand group focused on Lauren, Chaps and American Living as a group. We will have a brand group that's focused on the Ralph Lauren Home business and finally, Club Monaco will be the sixth brand group, and that's how we're organizing the brand groups. Each of the brand groups will have a brand President and a dedicated leadership team to run the business. We believe that this is going to lead to simplification over time of many of the sub brands in terms of how we go to market from a consumer standpoint because we think that what this is going to allow us to do is focus our resources and our consumer communication more at the master brand level than at the sub brands. The only sub brand that we have announced that we're merging at this point is on the luxury side of the business with the Black Label and Purple Label and Women's Collection and Black Label business.
Christopher H. Peterson - President: Well, before we go to the next question, there were a couple of parts of Omar's question. From a systems perspective, let me provide a little bit more color on that as well. I think we feel very good about where we are from a systems standpoint, although there's still more work to do. The SAP implementation that we've done is now complete with regard to our global manufacturing and supply chain system and complete in the North America order-to-cash for wholesale. And what that has allowed us to do is have global visibility to our style count, our SKU count, and it's allowed us to get to a point where we now have global financial data by brand, which we've just been able to implement, which of course is one of the key enablers to moving to the global brand structure. So I think there's more work to do as we move into the new model, but I feel good about where we are and where we're headed from a systems standpoint. And finally, from a transition timing standpoint, I think we expect to form the brand groups over the next month or two, but of course as we form the new brand groups it will take them some time to come up to speed and then the first seasons that they will begin to impact, because of our development cycle, will be probably 12 months to 18 months from now.
Christopher H. Peterson - President: Yeah. So let me try to take those each in turn. So the first question on the update on the FX impact to fiscal 2016, I think when we gave our guidance in February, it was before we had finalized our budgets and we had given an estimate in terms of the foreign exchange impact to the top line and the bottom line. As we finalized our budgets we also updated our exposure model. And so the change in the expected revenue impact from 550 basis points on the top line to 450 basis points was really due to a sharpening of our exposure model. As we looked at the bottom line impact, the bottom line impact was in line with what we thought at the last time. So I think it was more a function of finalizing the budgets and updating the exposure model with regard to the change in the – the slight change in the FX guidance for fiscal 2016. On the second question, in terms of what does it mean for fiscal 2017, I think that there's going to be a couple of different things happening in fiscal 2017 and it's premature for us to give guidance that far out. But obviously we would expect to see a full year impact of the pricing action that we're taking, which would be a positive. We would expect to see a full year impact of the cost reductions that we're taking, which would be a positive, and we would expect to see a ramp-up of the restructuring savings, which would be a positive. And so all of those would lead to a better operating margin outlook in 2017. On the negative side, we have hedged our FX exposure. And so as those hedges roll off, we will have a year-on-year hedge FX hurt continuing into fiscal 2017 from the portion of the business that was hedged in fiscal 2016. Premature to talk about how those net against each other, but I think those are the underlying trends. And I think to your question about sort of the infrastructure investments being at the highest level, I do expect that fiscal 2016 will likely be the highest level of investment on the infrastructure investments in total.
Christopher H. Peterson - President: Yeah. So I think a couple of things, we are increasing prices across the board on all of the products in the countries I called out, but the percentage increase will be different by product. So we're obviously looking at the pricing to hit key price points and so forth. But the numbers I gave you were sort of averages across the line in terms of the pricing actions that we're taking. Too soon to tell how those pricing actions are going to play out, because obviously it's going to depend on how competitors respond as well in these markets, but our view is that with the significant impact of foreign currency in these markets, all of the competitors that source products from similar countries should be seeing a similar transactional impact. And what we're trying to do is price per transactional foreign exchange, but not for translational foreign exchange and that's how we came to the price increases that we're looking at here.
Christopher H. Peterson - President: Sure. Yeah, I think the way to think about this is that the seasons that we operate in don't match up with our fiscal quarter reporting periods. And because of that, sometimes our seasonal flow of inventory from a shipment standpoint isn't really indicative of the underlying trend. I think we felt like, for the entire fiscal year, when you look at the fall season and the Cruise/Holiday season and into the spring season, that we had plans that were growing market share in the U.S. Wholesale business pretty consistently, and sometimes that growth in market share which has us growing a couple of points faster than the U.S. wholesale industry doesn't necessarily show up in terms of the shipment pattern because of the way the customer receipt plans fall within our fiscal quarters. So our underlying view of the business continues to be very positive in terms of the market share gains that we've experienced in that channel.
Christopher H. Peterson - President: Sure. So the supply chain and the back office will continue to be operated as they are today by our shared service group. So we have a shared service group today that handles global manufacturing and supply chain, that handles finance, that handles HR, that handles real estate, that handles operational capabilities, and that will continue because we believe that those groups are better leveraged across the entire enterprise and we don't intend to disrupt that. What we're talking about in the new structure is really organizing a lot of the front-end parts of the organization, as we talked about, with design and merchandising and planning and creative and marketing into dedicated brand groups so that we have a single global face to the consumer on a by-brand basis.
Christopher H. Peterson - President: Yes, we saw strong growth in the U.S. business during the quarter, and I think it was a function of several things. I think we talked about the Wholesale business having very strong shipment growth. If you looked at the Retail business, though, the Retail business on a constant currency basis also improved, and I think that the outlet channel in the U.S. comp improved versus what we were seeing previously, and that was both a function of traffic trends getting a little bit better than what we saw in the third quarter as well as improvement in conversion rate that we drove during the quarter in the outlet channel. We also saw continued very strong comp store growth in our e-commerce business, that was in the high-double digits. The one channel that was under a little bit of pressure during the quarter was the full-price retail stores, and that was really a function of the slowdown in international tourist traffic, as we talked about, primarily the Russian, Middle East and Brazilian consumers which were impacted. But overall an improvement in comp store sales trends in the Americas as well as in the wholesale shipment business.
Christopher H. Peterson - President: Sure. So on the savings piece, I think 25% to 30% being in fiscal 2016 is probably a reasonable estimate, and obviously a much more significant portion being in fiscal 2017. So I think that's a reasonable estimate. On SAP in Europe, we're starting the program, or we've started the program a few months ago. We expect to complete the SAP implementation over the next 12 months to 18 months in Europe, and it's going to be in two phases. I think we're doing the HR implementation first and then we'll do in the second phase the financials and the order-to-cash part of the process in the Wholesale business there. We don't intend to start the Asia SAP look until after we complete Europe, and so we don't have yet a timeline for when Asia will happen, but certainly we would intend for it to be after the European implementation. It may not be in fiscal 2017. It could be in 2018 or 2019. Too soon for us to have that in our planning horizon at this point.
Christopher H. Peterson - President: Yes, so we were encouraged by what we saw in the fourth quarter. We continue to drive mid-single digit constant currency revenue growth trends, both in the Wholesale business and in the Retail business during the quarter. I think we continue to see the trends being the strongest in Northern Europe, both the U.K. and Scandinavia. We see Southern Europe importantly stabilizing and beginning to get back to a period where we think we can grow from, and I think Central Europe, France and others, have been a little bit more under pressure. The biggest impact in Europe that we've seen is the traffic drop from the Russian and Middle Eastern tourists. And really the Russian tourist has dropped off more precipitously than the Middle Eastern tourist during that period, but we continue to see strong influx of Chinese tourist into the region, and so that's what we're seeing. I think given our penetration in Europe, we continue to believe that Europe will be a growth market for us for some time to come.
Christopher H. Peterson - President: Okay. So as we finalize the budget process, I think our view is that the FX impact came in virtually pretty close to in line with what we thought when we had done the initial estimates in February. So our view on the fiscal year guidance is that it really is not much changed from what we thought we were going to see in February. We're seeing the same constant currency revenue growth and we're seeing the same underlying operating margin trend from the continuing operations, the same investment in the infrastructure and the same operating income impact from foreign exchange. So we viewed it as pretty close to what we thought in February as the budget process finalized. So there isn't anything really to call out there of significance in terms of difference. On the...
Christopher H. Peterson - President: Sure. So accessories remains an area that we expect to grow faster than the balance of the business. We've been growing accessories consistently faster than the balance of the business and it has been increasing as the penetration of the total company's revenue. I think there's a number of things that we're trying to do in the accessories space to try to drive that. Notably during the past few months we launched the Drawstring bag, as Jacki talked about, under the Ricky franchise in the luxury part of the accessories business which is off to a very strong start. I think the other thing that we've been working on is developing and launching as part of the women's Polo business a more significant accessories offering under the women's Polo line, which we're very excited about and is coming in the not-too-distant future. And then I think we continue to be encouraged by the strong results we've seen in the Lauren accessories business. And so I think we've got a multi-tiered strategy to go after the accessories business that I think we're confident will allow us to grow that business at an accelerated pace for the foreseeable future.
Christopher H. Peterson - President: All right. Well, thank you very much for joining us on the call today. I think we're excited about the direction that we're headed. It is going to be a year of transformation for us, and we look forward to talking more with each of you about it over the next few months. Thanks very much.
