Stefan Larsson: Thank you, Omar. Well, my perspective has always been and will be that the highest performing companies and management teams out there are focused on what they can influence. So, when we look at the Way Forward Plan, it's largely within our control. So, independently of macro environment, it's the same macro environment for us as for all of our competitors, we are focused as a management team to execute on our plan. And that's what both Jane and I and the management team are excited about, is to see the progress that we are making in executing from going from developing the plan to executing the plan, that we are seeing that we are making progress in all the areas that we set out to make progress with. And so, independently of where the environment is going, we are going to stay focused, increase our focus on what we can control, and continue to drive and continue to learn and improve and learn and improve. So, that's my philosophy.
Stefan Larsson: And when it comes to the space in department stores, what's been important for myself and the team when we work on the North American comeback is that it's about the partnership with our wholesale customers, and we have had that from day one. So our space in the department stores comes back to our brand strength, our strong market share with the consumer, and our ability to come back to strength. And what excited me from day one is the excitement from the wholesale partners in driving these initiatives that will drive us jointly back to high performance. One being the shorter lead times, being able to buy much closer in and being able to react to the sales trend in season. That's something that's viewed very favorable by our partners and they have, frankly, been waiting for us to get our assessment done and get going. And now we're in the exciting stage of getting going together.
Stefan Larsson: Yes. So, when it comes to the 20% to 25%, cutting the tail of the distribution in wholesale, it's the shops. It's the bottom 20%, 25%, the least productive shops. So, even though it's a high number in terms of share of the shops being cut, it's a very low number in terms of sales and even lower number in terms of profit, both for ourselves and our partners. So it follows the same strategy as the assortment strategy. It goes back to the core, and the core doors and the core shops for us are very important. And we're going to refocus our energy there and making sure that we provide an outstanding shopping experience there, and that will drive our comeback.
Stefan Larsson: And, Dana, when it comes to our brands and our progress within our brands and my thoughts connecting through pricing and margin there. So, as I shared in the opening remarks, I'm excited by the work that Valérie and the brand teams are doing in being very strategic in identifying the unproductive product tail, the assortment tail, and cutting that. And we see and measure the progress on that. But that's just an enabler to then put more focus and more creativity and to refocus on executing the core. And then, thirdly, it will be about adding strategic newness. And so it should have a positive margin affect. And as of now, we are early into the execution of the plan and I see the brand teams taking the steps that are necessary for us to unlock the strength in the assortment. So I'm excited even though it's early days.
Stefan Larsson: Yes. So my take on outlet is that it's an important channel for us and it's an important channel to keep in balance with the full-price selling. So, as we have mentioned before, our outlet presence in North America, given that that's our biggest market, is not high in relation to many other very strong brands and high-performing brands. So what we are doing is two things when it comes to outlet. We are making sure that we keep outlet in balance with the rest of the channels, so that we can deliver on our overall Way Forward goals, which is to strengthen our brand and drive sustainable profitable sales growth. And in parallel, we are optimizing the outlet business that we have.
Stefan Larsson: And one of our strengths as a brand is the masspirational appeal of what Ralph and the team have created over some 50 years that it appeals to absolute luxury, as you can see on the runway show that we had where we went back to the DNA, the mansion on Madison Avenue, and added newness and we created 2, 2.5 times the media value. And then we have aspirational luxury in Polo and then we have entry through our outlets. So the strength for us is that appeal to every part of the market and our job as a management team is to keep the right balance.
Stefan Larsson: And when it comes to the distribution overall, including off-price, our distribution strategy is to follow where the consumer is going and keeping the balance between the different channels. And one way of improving the quality of sales and improving the full-price channels' performance is to reduce the buys. So it's the number one driver in the North American comeback is to reduce our overall inventory buys to better match demand. And the way we reduce them is one is reducing them to demand and buying closer in, it's a way of reducing, and being more accurate and having to buy less. So our idea is to buy less and sell more at the higher AUR.
Stefan Larsson: So it's probably a combination between Jane and I. But I can start in terms of I'm very pleased with seeing how our sourcing teams are rising to the Way Forward challenge, and sourcing starting to become a strategic value driver for us. So, one very concrete progress that we have made there is to platform our fabric. So, when we platform and consolidate our fabric of our core products, we can get a number of benefits at the same time. We increased the quality, to start with, because we are going to compete with quality. So we increased quality. We increased our ability to negotiate the better cost price for that fabric. And we increased our flexibility and can shorten our lead times dramatically. So, that's just one of a number of sourcing initiatives that we are driving that will have a direct impact on the P&L over time.
Stefan Larsson: This is something that Halide and the team, the sourcing team, they are also taking a partnership approach with our best suppliers and partnering up with them to unlock joint value. And we are seeing good progress on their work.
Stefan Larsson: So, that was the question. So, in closing, I would like to say that I'm excited by the good progress of starting to execute our Way Forward Plan. I'm very grateful for how the team has embraced this and how we step-by-step start to execute and drive improvements and learn from those improvements. So this will be a continuous improvements journey that we just started, but I'm very excited by that. Excited also by the North American comeback plan that we have a strategy to come back to strength in North America. And I'm pleased that we're keeping the guidance that we set out during the Investor Day. So, with that, I would like to thank you for joining the call today and look forward to speak with you in a quarter.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah. So, Michael, as you look at it, we have looked at those store closures. As I said, we're going to be very pragmatic about capturing holiday season sales and negotiating the best deals possible with our landlords. Obviously, if we close at the end of the year, there will be a spillover effect on growth into FY 2018 from store closures. But remember, those stores are smallest and least productive doors. So, while that will be a factor and we'll play that into our initiatives, overall our guidance for FY 2018 that we will see stabilization is still intact. As we did with the North America comeback plan, we are working through 2018 on an initiative-by-initiative basis, and we'll come back to you in the fourth quarter, as is our practice, and give you much more specific guidance on that. And then, as you look at the third quarter overall in terms of gross margin, here's what I see in terms of headwinds and tailwinds. The tailwinds that we saw in the second quarter of the benefit of product and channel mix, and the benefit of markdown rates, notably in our international markets, those are going to be intact as we move into quarters three and four. The headwind, as you saw in Q2, will be FX, and it will increase. We are at 80 basis points in Q2. It's going to go up to about 120 basis points in Q3. But I still remain optimistic about our ability to move through on a conservative basis to hold, or even grow, gross margin.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah. Just overall, in terms of Denim & Supply, as we looked at that brand, it's a pretty small portion of our revenue. It's about 2% of global net sales. So it's not a material impact. And further, as we've looked at our portfolio of brands, we think we have a great opportunity in Polo and in Denim specifically to recapture those sales over time. So we feel really good about continuing the plan of refocusing on the core, stretching our very strong brands like Polo to pick up the opportunity that we had in Denim & Supply, and to move forward from there.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah, Lindsay, as we looked at FX impact, we have seen an impact overall to FX, and largely it's playing out in terms of gross margin. Our guidance is still intact. We are accommodating that change within our operations. But as I look at operating profits, foreign currency will have about 100-basis-point impact to overall operating margin for the full year. Do you want to do the 20% to...
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah, Bob. As we've looked at foreign tourist trends overall, we continue to see a decline in overall tourist traffic. But I will tell you, both in the first and the second quarter, we've seen an improvement. Although they're still down, we've seen an improvement versus prior year. So it's not as severe as it was, but we do still see that traffic down, and it's most notable in our outlet business.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah. Overall, Ike, we do see that North America – one of the reasons that we focused the North America comeback plan to high performance, the first phase is on wholesale is because it's so important to our business and we're not satisfied with the overall trends. So, as we continue to focus on pulling back inventory, closing doors, moving back from the heavy promotional activity, we expect to see continued pressure in that North America wholesale business and that was contemplated in our guidance.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Well, we are holding to our overall comp guidance of down mid- to high-single digits. So I think you can do the math and you'll see a little bit of an uptick in the second half.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah, Dana. I'd say that one of the things that when I came into Ralph Lauren that pleasantly surprised me is this is an organization that's really ready for change. And although Stefan unveiled the Way Forward Plan in June, I think the organization has embraced it enthusiastically. The difference between from what I see at Ralph Lauren is that we have to work in partnership with our wholesale partners in order to effect this comeback that we've outlined. I think, as we unveiled the North America comeback plan, that is certainly our intent. So the need for partnership is one of the most notable things that I see. But, overall, obviously with the early signs of progress, I'm very encouraged.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah. And I would say that so many of the Way Forward Plan initiatives, the improvement of product assortment, buying closer in to demand are going to benefit the outlet channels, breakthrough marketing, are all going to benefit the outlet channel as well.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah. So what we've seen, Jay, is we are always testing pricing. Pricing is such an important lever in our market. And what we've seen in Asia, where we've seen our AURs go up or ASPs go up 10%, is that we've been able, if I take outdoor closures, is that we've been able to hold on to most of our unit demand. And so, that's really the sweet spot for us. Obviously, this Way Forward Plan is predicated on a long-term rise of AURs, but we'll take those sequentially over time as we're largely happy with our price points. But that is a part of the Way Forward Plan.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: So, Erinn, as I look at the volumes in, what I'm calling, what we're saying is the tail of our distribution, that 20%, 25% of the doors. It's about 1% of overall sales, so not a material amount of sales. And obviously it's not a material amount of sales, and it's our least profitable points of distribution in the wholesale doors. And we've really taken time to look across the wholesale doors and look at points of distribution. Obviously, we have a portfolio of brand, look at points of distribution within the department store, and go in surgically to eliminate the least profitable and lowest sales points of distribution even within the door.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah. And Erinn, right now we're working with our wholesale partners on this effort to cut the door tail and we're adjusting our buys, as we speak, to make sure that that's fully incorporated into our buys.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah. Just in terms of gross margin, so I looked at this quarter sort of in biggest impact. Our biggest impact was the favorable geographic and channel mix. Improved product costing was our second most favorable impact, followed by initiative to reduce markdowns, especially in our international market. I do view this as a long-term tailwind for us. Obviously, given the current long cycle times, it'll play out over time. But I do view it as something that we'll see as a favorable tailwind to gross margin.
