Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Thank you, Roger, and good morning, everyone. In the fall season, we strengthened our leadership position in our core men's, women's and children's merchandise categories and also continued the strong momentum of our newer dress and accessory businesses. As you know, the fall season is especially associated with the aesthetic and sensibility of the Ralph Lauren brand. Given the tremendous success of color in the spring and summer season, we incorporated bright into the classic autumn palette, which translated beautifully on the selling floor. Updated silhouettes and strong prints and patterns brought newness and novelty to our apparel and accessory offerings, and the consumer responded favorably. And, of course, fall coincides with the critical back-to-school selling season, where our core programs for boys and girls and our new denim fits and washes for Ralph Lauren Denim & Supply also contributed to our success. What I think is most impressive about the strong momentum in our core business is that it was achieved on top of already-robust increases over the last 2 years. As you've heard me say before, our leadership and market position start with the quality of our products, beginning with unrivaled design capabilities realized through the highest quality sourcing and manufacturing and showcased for the consumer with the most compelling merchandising initiatives and exceptional in-store and online presentations. This seamless collaboration and execution across all disciplines and departments also contributes to our gross margin performance. As you saw in this morning's press release, we experienced a very strong increase in our gross profit margin during the second quarter. Most of the increase was achieved as a result of lower cost of goods, primarily a decline in the price of cotton, but strategic and operational elements also contributed to the improvement. More upfront and coordinated efforts between our design and sourcing teams allowed us to achieve more favorable lead times and costing to produce and ship our merchandise. We also saw improvements in supply chain, where we more effectively leveraged our distribution centers to provide a higher level of customer service to our retail partners, while simultaneously reducing cost. With more direct control of our worldwide distribution, we believe we have the opportunity over the long term to establish larger and more global merchandising initiatives that not only support the incremental gross margin expansion, but also deliver a cohesive and impactful brand message to the consumer. Additionally, to support the growth of our handbag and footwear businesses, we have strengthened our in-house capabilities in Europe and Asia to more efficiently and effectively develop prototypes and samples. We believe this investment will continue to fuel our innovation in these high-growth categories, and it certainly reflects our commitment to building a powerful accessories business. Seamless execution has always been a core strength of the Ralph Lauren organization and the excellent work of these teams continue to leverage our world-class best practices and help to support our profit expansion. We expect additional gross profit margin improvement in the second half of fiscal '13 as a result of lower raw material costs, more ready availability of production capacity and ongoing improvements to our global supply chain and logistics processes. As we begin the holiday season, you all know there is no better gift to give or receive than the gift of Ralph Lauren. The power, equity and aspirational nature of our brand make the holiday selling period historically strong one for us. But we never rest on our laurels. This year, we leveraged the appeal of the brand and the breadth and depth of our product offering across our men's, women's, children's, accessories and home lines to ensure that we stand tall among the many choices before the consumer. With our strategic partners, we continue the successful approach of a focused holiday merchandising story, built upon distinctive, creative capabilities that our company holds. Our product and marketing messages will be strong and clear across all consumer touch points in-store and online. And this approach, so long associated with the Ralph Lauren brand, has also been extended to the Chaps brand, where we expect it will resonate just as well. Across all families of business, we are well prepared for a powerful selling season. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: So, Erinn, what we're really focused on is transitioning our company from a more U.S.-centric company to a global company. And what we recognize certainly is that all of our critical regional components have very important voices as to how we succeed in the future as a global company. In order to accomplish that, we have reestablished our merchandising divisions to support those global roles with key personnel involved from every regional area. So as we make our decisions, we're making them as worldwide decisions rather than U.S.-centric decisions that have bolted-on European or Asian influences. And what we are finding is that the world is, primarily, 80% the same, but those 20% variations are very important to capture the voice of our international customer. We certainly know that customer is traveling around the world. We want our footprint to look the same, but yet, there are regional nuances that we believe are very important to state in each market. And that's our approach. In doing that, we have also seen some efficiencies that have come out of that structure and regarding SKU efficiencies and being able to have more impressive quantities behind each style decision. So all in all, while we are in this for approximately a year at this point, we still believe we're in early stages, but we're very encouraged with what we see as the outcome.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Well, we're very pleased with the initial response over our first year in Denim & Supply. As you know, this is our second fall season. And as you develop a brand, because of the cadence of purchase and sales, you literally can't make any changes and tweak a brand for the first 9 months or so. So following our initial launch with what we thought were positive results and what we thought would be things that we needed to change, one of the biggest standouts to us was how positive the jeans business is as we presented Denim & Supply as a lifestyle brand. So we are working diligently now having identified what those key products are, and now we're putting in a BFR programs in both men's and women's in our core Denim to be able to drive that opportunity to be a minimum of 30% of the business; highly successful and highly predictable. The attitude of the brand, driven by the gritty nature and unusual presentation in our marketing context, both in print and online, has been extremely successful. We partnered with Avicii, and he has created a very interesting draw for the brand. He is a highly successful entertainer, and he has really created tremendous crowd draw to this brand and to its success. We've had a very positive fall season. And while we continue to tweak a little more of this and a little less of that, we're very optimistic. As you know, the brand in the U.S. is exclusively in Macy's. That will be rolling out to additional 100 doors starting next fall, and to Hudson Bay in Canada, where we're also experiencing some very positive results. And at this point, we've confined the brand to those 2 key customers. As I said, we're very optimistic on our position for the millennial customer, which is a high focus area for our department store customers, and one that we believe will be, with this Denim & Supply brand, a strong reach towards that customer and driving additional opportunities into our department stores. We also have launched our Denim & Supply brand internationally, beginning with freestanding stores in both Asia and in Europe, and those also have performed extremely well. In that environment, instead of having men's separate from women's, which is sort of the requirement of the nature of a department store, there, we're able to merchandise the brand together and with a very exciting impact, where the consumer really, it's the place to be. So the customer is shopping with significant other in the store and it has a tremendous pulse and a great result. And as I said, we're very pleased with where the first few stores are at this point, and I think we have plans for many stores to follow.
Jackwyn L. Nemerov: Yes, on our approach to holiday. So in our retail stores, where sort of our thoughts start, we had a very crisp approach to a very strong and bright statement in our holiday accessory business. It's what do you want to buy for yourself and what do you want to buy as a gift. So that starts off our first question to ourselves. And I think we've put together a very exciting presentation of product that begins to roll out into the stores, this -- between November and, of course, early December, that speaks to that. That is -- that story is really supported by a fabulous holiday mailer, which speaks directly to our VIP clientele for our Ralph Lauren stores. Our holiday approach in department stores is a very crisp and very direct approach to what we want that customer to buy. So we're crystal clear when we determine what we want to set it up -- set up, how many colors do we want to set up, where does it sit on the floor, how do we speak to the customer with that specific item. We try to create a lot of ease of shopping and, at the same time, a lot of excitement as to what we're presenting. We back that up with all of our strategic partners with critical marketing that speaks both in-store and online to those special items and those key purchases for the holiday season. And I think we've put together an extremely appealing assortment as we enter into this critical holiday period. We're armed and dangerous.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Omar, I'll start and then I'll let Jacki continue. I think it's pretty common knowledge that the concept of accessories, broadly defined, has been an important growth category for the industry now for a while. And whether that's accessories at luxury prices or what's called affordable luxury or even at more moderate prices, I think the accessory category has clearly outperformed apparel and, specifically, women's apparel for a while now. I think in defining accessories, you've got to open it up to a range of products that include handbags, small leather goods, but clearly, footwear has been a strong category for the last couple of years. Watches, eyewear and, even more broadly, I think cosmetics. So with that, I think a female customer can express herself, freshen her wardrobe and accessories has fulfilled that. Interestingly enough, it's not dissimilar to the way Europe evolved over time, where a customer was more willing to buy a handful of high-quality investment pieces in apparel and then used accessories to keep them fresh. I think the other part of accessories that you all understand is that for emerging markets with new wealth, accessories, and particularly signature accessories, are a way of people showing their success, and they're arriving more easily than apparel. So whether that's been the Middle East, whether that's been Russia or whether that's now Asia, specifically China, I think the customer who's finding wealth is expressing themselves through either signature or easily identifiable high-end product. The mix of our business at Ralph Lauren, I think, uniquely includes all product categories. So we're seeing business from that customer in apparel, be it men's or women's, or even the extraordinary success of our kids' business, because I think customers, as they acquire spending capabilities, are spending it on their children, particularly in countries that have limited birthrates. So interestingly enough, you have parents and grandparents all focused on 1 child, that tends to drive up their willingness to spend on apparel as well. I think our accessory businesses are in early stages. We've taken back many of the key licenses over the last 5 or 6 years. We've developed sourcing capabilities. We think the Ralph Lauren aesthetic translates beautifully into accessories and where we have partnerships or licensing relationships with Luxottica or partnerships with Richemont or L'Oreal, I think we're with world-class, best-in-class partners. So I'm very pleased with where we stand and where we're going. One of the interesting realities of our results to date, both the extraordinary margin in wholesale and the extraordinary margin we now operate in retail, is without high penetrations of accessories, which, properly executed, brings with it higher profit margins. So I think we're making good progress. I think we're making quality progress. I don't think we're looking to jam this business artificially in the early stages. And my guess is over the long term, it's going to be a very big part of what we do, and that will be more prevalent in Asia and some of the emerging markets than perhaps some of the more mature markets. But I don't want to back off the apparel business. I think we're very pleased with the way we've got our market share and our positioning in all the key apparel categories. Long answer, but it was a long question, Omar, so.
Roger N. Farah: Yes. The known effects of the store closures and American Living are very clear, so it's really just the movement of the FX, as Chris said. Michael, I think your question is spot on. And I think we, as a company, feel that the core brands or the brands such as Polo have enormous legs on a global basis. And one of the internal discussions we're having at the very moment is how to make sure we're properly focused to capture the extraordinary appeal of some of those brands. And while we don't want to back off the incremental luxury positioning, either in retail or product developments that Jacki has alluded to, absolutely, brands such as Polo and others are bedrock for us. And we're looking at how to accelerate their position and growth now, whether it's distribution ideas or marketing and branding ideas. So I think you'll hear more to come in the next couple of quarters about strategies we hope to employ to focus on those.
Roger N. Farah: Yes, I think I would answer that. Chris has been very impressive in 6 weeks. And I don't want to put pressure on him, but he's really a fast study and has made his presence felt. We're obviously in the early stages of thinking about next year's planning process, and Chris will really lead that. He's also going to be taking a world trip, starting next week. That will take him from Europe through all the key points in Asia and back to the U.S., sometime right before Thanksgiving. So I think Chris is going to be a very active participant with the business units, with the corporate finance people. And his impact, I believe, as a business partner to the IT function, which is critical to the future of the next part of our growth, will be felt very quickly. So no pressure, Chris. But he's off to a good start.
Roger N. Farah: Yes. I think one of the things to keep in mind is that we'll be winding down against the China repositioning in third and fourth quarter, when the bulk of the stores were closed. And clearly, the wind down of Rugby over the balance of this year will be sales drags. But we're actually seeing the business opportunity in the back half of the year against softer comps as more robust. The pace of opening in Asia is -- our original annual target was 20 stores. We've opened 7 to date, so we have 13 in the back half. That may move around by 1 or 2, depending on a variety of situations. Our strategy there is not dissimilar from Europe or the United States. We are looking for key flagship hubs in the major markets, and then we'll network around them with smaller footprints from 5,000 to 9,000 feet that will primarily be located in malls, because the markets in China are really involving into mall-based shopping experiences. The flagship opportunities are harder to come by. We have a couple in discussion. So the bulk of the 20 stores, at the moment for this year, are primarily in the 5,000- to 10,000-foot range, a combination of men's and women's luxury stores, as well as a few children's stores and a couple men's only and a couple women's only. So we should have a good read on how that first 20 stores is being reacted to by the customer by the middle of the spring, and I think that will be a good time for us to get sufficient customer feedback to make sure we're on the right path.
Roger N. Farah: Yes. Let me try the Europe question. Second quarter for us was a little better than first quarter in Europe, although the general statement I made, which is the northern markets are better than the southern markets, continue. In our definition of Europe, we also include the Middle East and Russia. So those 2 markets have continued to be strong, have continued to perform well, whether in their home markets or whether those customers are traveling to Europe. So that's a particular bright spot. And almost like a heat map from the Scandinavian markets moving down, the strength of the business there has continued. I think what has occurred in some of the southern markets is this -- less panic perhaps over Italy and Spain. And I'm discounting the disruption in Greece because it's a relatively minor part of our business. But I think there's a sense that those markets, while difficult, there is a pathway for recovery. And so while those markets continue to be softer than others, I think we're beginning to see the customer breathing again and being willing to function. They're very different markets. Italy is almost entirely specialty store driven, and Spain is dominated by big department stores. So the specialty store market in Italy is still being run by small mom-and-pops and is more cautious in their forward purchasing. They don't really want to buy new product until they've sold the existing product. And so we've been cautious about what we're willing to sell into that market in an effort to be responsive to their situation, also to be mindful of we want to get paid. So with that, we continue to operate cautiously, but we are seeing a bit of a comfort with the customer as financial decisions are being made that give some backstop to the consequences of the euro. So we'll see. I think the holiday season will be particularly important. We still don't have large penetrations of Chinese tourists as other brands do, and they are reporting much of their either growth or results are underpinned by 25%, 30% or 40% Chinese tourists. Our Chinese tourist penetration in Europe is still less than 2%, and I don't think it will get larger until we're better represented in China. So they know our brand, they understand our brand. And then when they travel, they'll look for our brands in capital cities. So that's still to come in the years ahead.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. With that, I would just like to, again, reinforce my thanks for the hard work that everybody within our corporation has extended to those affected by this unfortunate hurricane. I'd also like to, again, welcome Chris and know that as he and Jim plan the next couple of months of a listening tour, I think you'll all get to know him and enjoy him as much as we have already. And with that, I hope you and your families are safe and warm and dry. So thank you very much. I appreciate your attention.
Christopher H. Peterson: Michael, on the modeling question, I'll address that and then turn it over to Roger. The real difference between the 3 items, the 700 to 800 basis points in the guidance and what we reported was FX, which strengthened a little bit from when we gave guidance last time. So that accounted for the difference. FX was just better than we expected when we gave guidance previously.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes. I guess I'd -- I'll start by just giving you a little bit about why I chose to come to Ralph Lauren and my initial impressions after being here for 6 weeks, which are really the same. First, I was very impressed with the iconic nature of the brand and its equity, including the ability to stretch across both price tiers and merchandise categories. The second thing that I was impressed with was the management team. I think the company has a very strong senior management team and one that I'm excited to be joining. And then, third, I would say is I think the company has significant growth opportunities, both in terms of international penetration, as well as new merchandising categories, such as accessories and footwear. In terms of the specific question on the role, the scope of the role is very similar to the scope previously that Tracey had, and the reporting relationship remains the same. I report to Roger.
Christopher H. Peterson: Okay. I guess, on the modeling question, I think we want to stay, from a guidance standpoint, on an all-in basis. So I think we're not going to go to providing the comp guidance at the retail segment. We expect mid-single-digit growth and overall revenues for the retail segment as we reported in the press release.
Christopher H. Peterson: Yes, I'll try the Chaps question. So I think as most of you know, we have a license agreement with Warnaco for the men's sportswear business for Chaps. That license agreement has a change of control provision in it that gives us the option to take back the business in the event of a change of control of Warnaco. Given how recent the news is, we haven't made a decision at this point. But we are in the process of evaluating options with regard to that business, and we'll provide an update in due course once we get through that process.
