Roger Farah: So Omar, this is a big question, and I'll try to answer it completely so it gets as much information out there that we're able to provide. Clearly, you've all heard, read and know the extraordinary inflationary raw materials issue. Cotton for sure, but all other fibers, cashmere, wool, on and on and on are experiencing enormous increases. Some of that I think you have to recognize is coming off the low base post-recession, so the comparison is distorted. But even with that said, it's extraordinary by any measure. So with raw materials being the most important part of a garment's cost, it's having a meaningful impact on how we think and plan and organize ourselves with that beginning to come into play in the back half of this year as we've talked about before, moving gradually through spring and then really coming on in more of a spike for fall and beyond. So I think we're all trying to monitor and watch that regularly. The other piece of that is the manufacturing costs are rising as well. And so it's sort of a double whammy of that, that is impacting everybody. We have taken a very clear position that we will not alter the quality of our materials, our manufacturing, our findings, our trims, or really where we're making product at this point. The backbone we think of our brand equity is the extraordinary products we make, and we think they've always been fairly priced for what they are. So that won't change. Our ability, we believe, to responsibly increase our prices later in the year, are based on that brand equity and our customers' belief that the products we provide represent not only extraordinary design but extraordinary value. So for us, our thoughts, as we head into fall and beyond, is to look at products, look at pricing by category, by region, and again, make a responsible adjustment that reflects the reality of cost of goods increases. And beyond the short-term impact of this, the question is, where is it going to go over the next two or three years? And quite frankly, at this point, nobody knows. So we have to be thoughtful about our expectation of how our consumers are going to react. And I don't think we'll really see a fair read on that until the fall. I think there will be selective price increases during the spring in the marketplace. We may get some modest read off of that. But I think, really, until we all get to fall of next year, we won't know whether the end consumer understands and accepts what will be a overall increase for most product categories. We just think with our brand, and our quality and the momentum we have, we've got to make responsible decisions about how we adjust our thinking on this.
Roger Farah: Adrianne, that's a good question. When we built the plans for the year, we had anticipated, in our third quarter, in our fourth quarter, that cost of goods would be rising because we saw that coming. And we had made a decision not to adjust retail pricing for third and fourth quarter, and therefore, the plan was built on compression. And what you saw in the third quarter, and it's why we're somewhat looking at the back half of the year, the whole six-month block of time, is our sell-throughs have been that much better. We are getting higher sell-throughs at full price, both in retail, online and our wholesale accounts worldwide, and that improved full-price sell-through has mitigated the gradual cost of goods increases. So with the kind of sales momentum we've had and the sell-throughs we've had, we have, obviously, reported today strong margin improvement against that backdrop. And that's sort of what we're looking at for the go-forward until we really get to the full impact of fall '11.
Roger Farah: Okay, Robbie, I think it's a terrific question given that I spent a lot of time this morning talking about Asia. And I think it's on everybody's mind. The other piece, and then I'll answer your question more directly, is we've noticed the extraordinary impact that the Chinese customer has had on other parts of the world as they travel. So getting our brand properly established in China and Hong Kong and other major capitals, we think will not only improve that part of the world, but their impact on Europe or the United States because what we're observing in other luxury brands is the extraordinary power they're exhibiting to buy those products outside their home market. With that said, we've now completed the major part of putting together what was a very fragmented licensing strategy in Asia. And as we've talked about in the past, the bulk of our licensees internationally have focused on men's Blue Label sportswear. So the locations, the concessions, or street locations, or mall locations, were primarily positioned to maximize that particular merchandise class. And so as we look to elevate the brand, bring more of a luxury assortment, clearly expand our women's and accessory and high-end Men's business, we've got to look at the portfolio of distribution points we have to see how they reflect against our go-forward position. Parallel to that, we are going to be aggressive in our desire to get the kind of locations -- and it's really going to be more than a 24-month period, but it's going to be for a very long time period -- to get the kind of locations we think we need to properly position the brand. What's happening in China is clearly major city growth in the Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong regions, but a lot of second and third tier cities are now beginning to gel and exhibiting the customer demand, and so we're going to have to look at those second and third tiers the same time we're looking at the primary cities for key locations. I also think it's clear to us that China, Hong Kong, is going to be more direct to customer, where a lot of the current network in Japan and Korea are concession shop in shops. So for us in China, more about the direct-to-customer through our own brick-and-mortar and ultimately, through e-commerce. We're going to have to move quickly to accelerate our strategy of e-commerce in that region because I think that will help overlay the brand positioning we're trying to achieve. So I tried to pepper my comments at the beginning with sequencing and thoughtfulness because I think this is really a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to set properly the most unique region in the world. And what we've learned in the United States and what we've learned in Europe, we're going to try to apply.
Roger Farah: Well, the European business, which I think you heard me say, has had a extraordinary year of growth. The strong market positioning we have in the key markets of Europe has continued. So England, France, Germany have all been very, very strong markets as well as the Scandinavian countries. Spain, which went through a difficult period in the recession has started to come back a bit. And Italy has been a little bit more difficult, and I would say that's the most challenged market there. Most of the distribution in Italy is through multi-brand specialty stores and I think they've struggled the most coming through the recession. So over time, I think Europe will continue to perform, but it's going to be with some ups and downs by country. And our ability to go direct to the customer is going to be critical, and that's why we're pleased with the early U.K. e-commerce results and excited about France and Germany coming online, and then we have a rollout plan after that for the rest of the countries. South Korea, while mostly department store driven and concession shop driven, is actually a more vibrant market right now than Japan by a lot. The organic growth in that market has been strong. They also have a much stronger Tourist business of Chinese. Most of that is an arbitrage on pricing because the price of luxury goods in South Korea are cheaper than they are in China. So many Chinese see a weekend shopping excursion to Seoul as a exciting thing to do. So the organic market, while developed as you said, is continuing to grow and is getting a healthier tourist play than the markets in Japan.
Roger Farah: Well, the reaction by the consumer was extraordinary. We thought we had aggressive plans, and we exceeded those. I think any local customer who watched the store go up for many, many years, as you all know, and was curious what we have done to their neighborhood came in and was overwhelmed with the presentation of the world of Ralph Lauren as well as the tourist customer. So both stores, the men's store and the women's and home stores, recorded extraordinary November, December performances. And really, the high end and the best products are what we sold the most of. The combination of the presentation, the merchandise and the extraordinary service levels that those stores provide, had us registering average sales checks more than 100% larger than in prior holiday seasons in those locations. So it was a combination of foot traffic and conversion. But really, the higher-priced products that we were converting to sales was extraordinary. The accessory presentations on the main floor is really Ralph's vision for the future. And for us to take an entire main floor and make it accessories, when this store was in the planning stages years ago, was a bold commitment to our ability to develop the right handbags, accessories, footwear and, of course, jewelry and watches. And we saw a strong customer reaction to all of that. Our challenge now will be to take that layering and representation of accessories and roll it out to more of our existing fleet as well as distorting new stores. As many of you know, our model in the past, where we had a lifestyle store was the main floor or the second floor was men's, and then you hit a third floor, maybe that was women's and maybe a fourth that was home. So we always had strong men's representation. But the Women's business, the Women's Accessory businesses, never got the real estate it deserved. This is really a stake in the ground and the customer reaction has been not only exciting, but reinforces that strategy. So new stores in Asia, new stores in Europe and our portfolio in the U.S. will be viewed with an eye towards that kind of distortion level.
Roger Farah: So Club Monaco has had a spectacular year. Through the first nine months, they continued to registers strong double-digit performance. Much of that has been on an extraordinary women's performance. So in a marketplace where women's has not been as buoyant over the last 12 months, Club Monaco has really struck a chord with their customer. And I think, if you've been in the store, their fashion look, the fit and the quality are all resonating with that customer. We're also getting strong performance from our large network of stores in Asia with the same products. So today, Club Monaco in the United States and Club Monaco in Asia has the same kind of products, and it is resonating very well. Additionally, this holiday season, we saw men's come on. So where men's was lagging a bit, it really picked up momentum into the holiday season, and we're pleased with the way that product is performing. So we're sticking our toe in Europe this month with a unique partnership with Brown's, and we are partnering with our European management to bring Club Monaco properly to Europe over time. And I think we'll hear more about that strategy as it unfolds. We regularly have Europeans coming into the United States asking us to bring Club Monaco and its sensibility to Europe. And we think that's a real opportunity as well. The third leg of that stool will obviously be to get Club Monaco from a commerce point of view online and not just informational. We think that there will be a high demand, and we're working with our in-house e-commerce team to make sure we're properly positioning them to participate in that part of the growth. So for us, it's international, not dissimilar to the Ralph Lauren strategy, direct to customer through e-commerce. And I think as we've now seen the product consistency and the customer reaction, we feel more comfortable with our response, which is a more integrated growth strategy. So that, I think, will be an important part of our success going forward. So with that, I know we've run a little long. We apologize, we started a little late. It's been an extraordinary quarter and nine months. Hopefully, some of the noise and shifts between quarter, we've tried to explain. But in the end, I think we're tracking to a year that is in excess of where we started at the beginning for all the right reasons. And we're obviously very excited about the new growth opportunities by product category that Jacki talked about or obviously the whole Asia-Pacific region, which we'll continue to talk about on every call. So thank you for your interest and appreciate you spending a little extra time with us today.
