Roger N. Farah: Yes. I think it's a good question, Omar, because we obviously have been focusing a lot on retail over the years since you've been following the story, as well as anybody, you notice our ongoing ability to develop a very profitable business model. I think what you're alluding to is some of the channel mix issues that go on between e-commerce or factory stores, the Ralph Lauren stores we own or even the licensed stores that we don't necessarily report as part of the retail comps. I think what's happening is in the first quarter and probably the first half of the year, we're going against some extraordinary comps last year. First quarter last year was plus 19% and double LOI was plus 7%. So we are up against some extraordinary changes. I also think what's happening on a macro basis is we're really dealing with a worldwide customer. We're seeing more and more the high end customer who shops in London and shopping in Paris or Dubai or New York or Beverly Hills or Asia, and so our efforts around a global customer consistency, merchandising consistency, marketing, the same standards for service is a big push for us around the globe. Now in the first quarter, the Ralph Lauren store business was softer than prior trends. I think most of that has been a footfall issue with the higher-end luxury apparel customer was not shopping in Europe or in key markets with the same kind of urgency they've had in the past. I think the accessory businesses, watch, jewelry businesses have held up better perhaps than the apparel customer. The other thing affecting that is the shifting of the tourist business. There is no doubt that Chinese tourists today are the #1 consumer who are traveling around the world and are distorting sales in stores or cities or markets to a much higher degree. We have a very low penetration at the moment with the Chinese customer. I think we talked about it last time, it's less than 2%. And we think, over time, as we build our presence in China and build our brand, we'll begin to see them in some of the other markets. Very interesting to me is the data point, even a smaller business like Club Monaco that today has almost 20 stores in China. The second largest tourist that they're seeing in New York are Chinese. We're in the Ralph Lauren business, where we've closed our distribution and we don't have a big network there, the Chinese customer doesn't make the top 10. For us, the largest tourist groups are Brazilians and Russians and people from the U.K. So it's a very interesting global dynamic playing out across the world landscape. The factory business is strong worldwide, and we feel good about that. Not really through door expansion, it's just through the way we're executing and running that business, and we think that does complement the value customer's need for product at a price. And then, of course, the ongoing overlay of e-commerce continues to be very strong double-digit growth here in the United States. Our business in Europe has almost doubled, given the expansion of countries and markets, and we continue to see growth there. We're very excited with the Club Monaco launch here in the United States and Canada in March and April. We think that's going to have a real strength with the customer. And then, we'll launch in Japan this fall. So it's really multichannel customer today in terms of some of our customers access all 3, and we expect that to continue. The other, again, subject that's not reported in that number is the license market, like the Middle East or Russia, where we've had great strength and continue to have great consumer acceptance, which we think is why those customers when they travel throughout Europe or the United States are fans of the brand. So it's getting to be integrated, complicated world. And I think that our ability to reach all of those customers with consistency is going to help us in the long run.
Roger N. Farah: Sure. The inventories within our wholesale channel are very clean. As a matter of fact, Jacki and I were just talking about the August performance, which is strong, really, on the back of new fall receipts. So with a very strong double-digit spring, summer performance we've had, we're in good shape domestically. In the European markets, consistent with what we said earlier in the call, we actually chose not to ship some products into the market that were originally on order, combination of our concerns about their ability to sell through it, as well as some deteriorating credit with some of the customers. So the actual inventory levels in Europe are down, and the inventory in the channel is clearing through, perhaps a couple of weeks slower than this time last year in Europe. Domestically, we're fine.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Adrianne. Well, thank you for putting me on the spot as to whether I'm comfortable. But as you know, we try to be thoughtful in our guidance, we make no guarantees. It really did lay out, as a year that had 2 halves, the first half being impacted by all the things we've talked about. Many of those things begin to become less meaningful in the back half. So particularly in Asia, where we closed a lot of stores and that continued through the year, we do have the beginning of 15 new stores coming online during the fall. So that will begin to mitigate some of that. And the American Living shipments begin to get to be a smaller percent in the back half of the year as well. Obviously, FX is anybody's guess, and our forecast today really just reflects what the currency exchange rates are. So there's no new news there. We happen to think that the comparisons in comps get more favorable in the back half of the year. We've had extraordinary comps in the first half, and then they flattened out in the second half, we think, as customers began to accept the new pricing. We are fundamentally maintaining that pricing as cost of goods come down, so we'll get margin expansion, we hope, beginning next quarter. And we think we've got a great roster of products position for the retail channel, as well as the visibility we have into the wholesale channel at this point, at least through holiday, gives us some confidence in the guidance and the forecast we've given. Our willingness to invest long term, as you said, Adrianne, continues. But what's offsetting some of that is exchange rates are softer than we thought. We are closing our operations temporarily in Argentina that will be a small hit to the original guidance. And we've got an opportunity to take a couple extra great locations in China, which will also hurt the second half a little bit. But given the strong first quarter and given the visibility we have, that's our best thinking at the moment.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. Well, let's talk about Europe. There's a lot of macro issues to deal with, and I'm not going to attempt to go through all of that with you. Our first quarter, when you put retail, wholesale together, on a constant currency basis was plus 3%. And while that's certainly down from where we've run in seasons past and years past, I think it's a very respectable number. We're seeing skittishness by our wholesale partners and orders, future bookings and forward orders. They are operating cautiously as their footfalls and business has been down. So they're trying to increase their turns and therefore, are looking more cautiously at initial orders. I think if business picks up, we'll be able to get some of that business back through replenishment. But net-net, by the end of the year, if we hit our forecast, we're looking to be flat to single digit up in Europe, depending on exchange rate. I think it's going to be lower wholesale businesses and higher retail businesses. And so we'll keep updating you every quarter, but that's our current point of view. The margin, as Jacki touched on and you've heard from others, we have certainly seen return of cotton, which is our primary raw material to pre-spike levels, somewhere in the low-80s, mid-80s per pound, which is a more normalized level. I think we'll begin to see that impact in the second quarter in the balance of the year. We talked in the past about wholesale inventories turning much faster. And therefore, new receipts with lower cost of goods go into the markup on sales, and that's what we're reporting. Markup and margin on sales, not receipts, but it comes through the wholesale distribution faster because of the turning inventory. Comes through more slowly in retail, where you've got on hand that have prior cost of goods, which were higher. And as the new receipts come in and they blend and they work their way through, I think we'll see the retail impact later in the year. So all in all, we're pleased with the retail prices, as I said earlier, we'll maintain. Cost of goods will start to come down. Obviously mix product categories will make that move around a little bit. But we think you'll start seeing that return in the second quarter.
Roger N. Farah: Yes. Liz, I think the factory business has held up well, high single digits. That was really achieved on slightly negative footfalls early in the quarter that began to flatten out later in the quarter, and then as slightly positive as we head into the beginning of a new quarter. So we've seen some firming in the foot traffic there. I think our ability to outperform was really a tribute to the higher unit sales, the higher average price of the products, which became a higher unit in dollars sales and higher conversions. So we track rigorously how we convert the footsteps into sales, and we saw an increase both in the ticket pricing and the conversion rates, so that's good news, particularly if the footfall continues to creep up as we work our way into the critical back-to-school and early fall selling. The Chinese customer is, quite frankly, critical at the moment to the global sales of luxury products. Our conversations with many luxury brands is that it can be 25%, 30% or 40% of the European sales. But when you see reports of strong European sales for other luxury brands, 25% to 40% of it is coming from Chinese tourists. So us of the moment that's less than 2%. So until we get our network and our brand presence in China and better educate the customer, I think we're going to continue not to get a high penetration of Chinese in our international markets.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. So my comments were really based on a constant currency. At this point, I'm not quite sure how to forecast it. We have, like others, seen weaknesses in Europe in the southern tier, not that we have big businesses in Greece, but certainly Italy, which at one point, was our largest country in Europe. Spain, which is also another large country, have seen the greatest impact of their businesses. Italy, almost all specialty store distribution; Spain, almost all department store distribution. The northern countries, whether it's Scandinavia, whether it's England, France, Germany all have performed better, and they continue to show more high potential parts of it. The other part of Europe that I talked about earlier, which we add in, the Middle East and Russia have also been very strong. So it's really a range of performances, depending on where in Europe you want to talk about. We see online growing. We see the retail growing. And I said earlier, we're going to be cautious about wholesale sell-ins. We want to manage the flow of product into the marketplace. We're also going to manage those places that in a specialty channel may have deteriorating credit metrics. So all of that rolls into my comments about viewing Europe for the year as kind of flat to mid-single digits on a comparable currency basis.
Roger N. Farah: Okay. Well, I think you've been a student of our business. And other than the spike in the raw materials in the recent past, we've seen tremendous progress in growing our merchandise margins, and we would expect, as we continue to go out over the next couple of years, to see some of that growth rate return. Now the other thing that gives me some confidence about the long-term margin opportunities of the company is our ongoing ability once we fully integrate Asia, is a desire to get some expense leverage. As we spent many years integrating merchandise categories, product categories, regions, we do think we will get some expense leverage. The other piece that we think is exciting for the long-term prospects and margin is many of our new initiatives successfully accomplished should be high-margin businesses, not only the accessory business, but the margins in Asia should be meaningfully higher than the margins in either the United States or Europe. So a lot of the areas we're focusing on, I think, do speak well for the long-term margin opportunities of the company, and we'll see how they play out. I think at this point, operator, we've hit the time limit. So I thank everybody for their interest and their questions. Appreciate the focus this morning. We're very excited about the back half of the year, and think we're well positioned to navigate some of the short-term turbulence. So thank you very much.
