Stefan Larsson: Thank you, Evren, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in the release this morning, the company and I mutually agreed to part ways and I want to take a brief moment to give you some context. Ralph and I, both love and respect to DNA of this great brand and we recognize the need to evolve. However we have found that we have different views on how to evolve the creative and consumer facing parts of the business. I want everyone on the call, shareholders and analysts to know that the Board, Ralph and I have over the last month work very hard to find common ground. After many serious conversations with one another, we mutually agree to part ways. None of these changes how proud I am of all the progress we have made against the goals we laid out in our Way Forward Plan in June. As I shared then the Way Forward Plan is about refocusing on the core of what made us iconic in evolving that core for today, to strengthen the brand and return the company to long-term profitable growth. Both Ralph and the Board are committed to continue the execution of our plan. We are on track to deliver on our commitments. A key driver to this is our strength and management team and their ability to drive high quality execution. Together we have already created a strong foundation, one that puts us in a position to continue to deliver. Our progress includes, the strengthening of the leadership team, refocusing on our core brands, starting to evolve our iconic products and marketing, matching inventory to demand, drastically reducing lead times, creating a more nimble organizational structure, beginning to right size the store fleet, achieving the initial cost reductions, and as we learned from our recent global employee survey, we have substantially improved the employee engagement and understanding of the strategy. When Jane later in this call will speak about the progress we have made in the third quarter, you will hear how these initiatives are starting to show up in the company’s P&L. I remain very confident that the way forward framework has the ability to drive the company back to high performance and I will stay on until May 1, to ensure the uninterrupted execution. Before I turn it over to Jane, for her to review the progress we have made on the Way Forward Plan in the quarter, I want to say a few words about her. As I begin my transition she will take charge of the execution of our plan. Jane and I have been co-pilots since she joined and we will work closely together to make this transition successful. She has the credibility, the experience and the trust from Ralph and the Board; I could not be more confident in her ability to deliver. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jane.
Stefan Larsson: Thank you, Jane. In closing while I'm disappointed that I will not be here to see the Way Forward Plan completely implemented, I'm confident that we have built a strong foundation and have the right team in place to continue to deliver on what we set out in June. I truly believe that this brand and this team have the potential to do amazing things. And I expect them to take the Way Forward Plan and make it even stronger. This has been a great opportunity for me. I'm glad I made a decision to join the company. I've learned a lot and I look forward to what’s next. Now let’s open the call for your questions.
Stefan Larsson: Thanks Omar and I understand the question. First I just wanted to say that I’ve deep respect for Ralph and the Board, and let’s start with what we agree on. We both share a deep respect and love for the DNA of the brand. We both agree that we need to evolve and that’s why we set out on the Way Forward Plan which both Ralph and the Board supports. What it came down to Omar was that we have different views on how to evolve the creative and consumer facing parts of the company, and the most detailed I can be, is to just say is it comes down to decisions relating to how to evolve those areas, products, marketing, shopping experience and we really worked hard. And I spent my whole career, 20 years in family controlled businesses. So we worked hard to find common grounds. We didn't and that’s what led to this mutual decision that we communicated today.
Stefan Larsson: Hey, Michael. So let me start with the question you had for me. Well, both Ralph and the board are committed to continue to execute on the Way Forward Plan, and if you look at the quarter, what Jane went through, we start to see the operating improvements that we are driving through, as a management team, we start to see that come through in the P&L and that’s very exciting to see. When it comes to the different views, it’s - it comes back to being aligned on the love for the brand, being aligned on evolving and then coming to realization that we have different views on how to evolve the creative and consumer facing parts that’s as much as I can share right now.
Stefan Larsson: Well, thank you, Lindsay. Let me start. So when it comes to the transition, I’m staying on for an extended transition period as Jane mentioned. So I’m staying on until May 1st. So no changes within the next three months and what we communicated this morning is that the Board and Ralph has initiated a CEO search. When it comes to the initial product improvements, you will see some improvements this spring and we're just now finalizing the market for full, the wholesale market for full 2017 and we see some great progress there in terms of cutting down productive tail, refocusing on the core, being better at looking at competitive intelligence to strengthen our own offering. So it will be gradual improvements starting spring and going into fall and then onwards from there.
Stefan Larsson: Yes, and when it comes, Dana, when it comes to the speed to market, I’m really pleased to add the progress that Halide Alagoz, our Head of Sourcing from H&M and Bill Campbell, who's 11 years from Amazon on the supply chain, how they come together and deliver on our nine months lead times, cutting the lead times from 15 to nine. They’re making great progress and so you should expect that to continue. They’re working in close cooperation with Valerie Hermann and the brand teams as well. So it’s a team work that I’m very excited about, that you can already see in the Q3 performance that is starting to get traction.
Jane Nielsen: Rick, I think we have confidence in the guidance that we laid out in the Way Forward Plan in June, both for 2018 and beyond, in 2019 and 2020. Our commitment is to get to profitable growth. It will be a combination of topline growth and in the near term gross margin expansion and leveraging a better and more efficient cost structure. So we do see gross margin expansion. You’ve seen past several quarters that we've had favorable trend in gross margin. In this quarter, if you look at it around a constant currency basis, we expand a gross margin by 240 basis points. Obviously, we had a 100 points of pressure from foreign currency, but we've got a benefit from about half of the 140 points was the benefit from channel and geographic mix, I expect that to continue. And then importantly a little less than half of our gross margin expansion came directly from our quality of sales initiatives. We across our businesses, we reduced promotion and discount levels and we're able to pull that through in terms of gross margin. So I do see that as a durable tailwind for us as we move into the future.
Jane Nielsen: So Michael on your question, since Investor Day, what we've seen is that as we signaled in our FY 2018 guidance, we still have quality in the sales initiatives work to do as we move into FY 2018. And especially in the first half, we expect a sequential recovery in the second half. What’s giving us confidence in operating margin expansion, in a constant currency basis is that we have two strong pistons in the engine, both gross margin expansion and our increased confidence in that. And increased confidence that we can deliver our SG&A savings that we laid out. You'll see that in our results this year and you will see it as we travel through to FY 2018.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, let me start with your question on North America. As you look at our results in our trends on a year-to-date basis the primary driver of what’s happening in North America is a result of our strategic actions. First, if I just take this quarter, about half of the revenue decline was attributable to our efforts in the Way Forward Plan to really match our inventories to demand in this quarter that was about - that attributed about half of the decline that we saw. The other component, about 30% was a reduction that we took to lower excess inventory, to the value channels and wholesale. So as we said, we think we’re out of balance today and we are aggressively moving to right-size that balance. So that’s a part, as you look at the trend, a great deal of that is attributable to what we’ve decided to do as a part of the Way Forward Plan. When we have a supply chain that is closer to market and closer to demand, when as we continue to improve our ability to buy informed, we believe we can get back to share growth in our wholesale channel, and that would be a propellant to growth for us as we move forward.
Jane Nielsen: Sure Kate, let me take that. Obviously let me step back from the question and to say that we are a very proud American company. We are and always will be intrinsically tied to Ralph’s vision of the American dream. We are headquartered in New York City and directly employ over 15,000 Americans. That said, there’s not a lot of clarity right now on the various proposals and specifically the Border Adjustment Proposal and there’s a lot of speculation. We are taking that very seriously and are closely monitoring any decisions made by the new administration. We’re obviously looking across our supply chain and looking for opportunities to mitigate any impact that we might see. As a part of the retail community we’re playing a role in that community to put forth the impact that this kind of action could have. So we are looking to - as we look forward, of course we will comply with any new legislation. This has been our practice and move swiftly to mitigate any of those actions. But right now we’re looking at scenarios and alternatives and waiting to see what legislation will actually be enacted.
Jane Nielsen: Dave, well foreign tourism was still down in this quarter. We are seeing a sequential improvement to what we saw in the first and second quarters of this year. So still pressured in foreign tourism but a significant improvement from what we saw as we exited the second quarter. And certainly the declines are about half of what we saw in the same quarter last year, so overall improvement.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. So Stefan is going to be fully on Board through May 1st, and we're going to work very closely on the transition. That said, this is - we have a very strong capable team of leaders around the globe. And so it’s with that team that we will be working together to ensure execution of the Way Forward Plan. This is in no way a one person leadership team. It’s a strong leadership team with a strong bench. It might be a little self-serving to say that Stefan's brought in a great bench of new talent, but set that aside, part of building this strong foundation and part of Stefan’s contribution is the great talent that he's brought into the company to blend with an already strong leadership team. And I know that like me many of us joined the company, because we really believe in the brand, the strength of the brand and Ralph’s enduring vision that’s the touchstone of the brand. So we are going to secure execution and move forward as a team.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah. Erinn, I just want to be very clear. The 15% premarket commitment versus 60% is not a reduction in the order book. It’s actually a timing trend that we, in our past had placed 60% of our orders before we had the orders from our wholesalers. The change is that now only 15% of our orders because of longer lead times have to be placed before we meet with our wholesale partners and receive their feedback and orders. So it’s not an order book reduction. It’s actually moving that commitment date out so that we can be perfectly aligned with our wholesale partners.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah. Lindsay, I just want to add that Ralph is not interested in running the business day-to-day. He does want to play an active role in the creative decisions, including design and consumer facing decisions. In terms of reporting relationships, reporting relationships to Stefan will say the same through May and then well, Ralph and I and Stefan will work on an organization structure that make sense to ensure the execution of the plan.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, so Bob, I think we’ll come back and give more specific guidance as we typically do on the fourth quarter call. What we’re seeing now at this stage of our planning for FY 2018 is we will expect quality of sales initiative in retail and wholesale to continue to pressure revenue and comps through the first half, and then as we move into the second half much of that quality of sales initiatives and distributions will start to abate and you’ll see a sequential improvement in performance. That said, it’s really FY 2019 where we would expect to return to revenue growth.
Jane Nielsen: Sure, Ike so in the fourth quarter we have one opening and we’re on track as you mentioned for 50 closures this year. As I look at the model and current pressures right now at current spot rates I'm expecting about 50 to 75 basis points of pressure on operating margin. I think we have to see what happens on currency rates. Overall what I can say is that on constant currency basis that we’ll have operating margin expansion in FY'18.
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Yes we are anticipating door closures with our retail partners. In fact as of the end of the Q3 we have worked closely and collaboratively with our department store partners and have worked through about 70% alignment on the point of sale closures that we announced last quarter that would reduce our points of distribution in department stores by 20% to 25%. So we are well underway there. We’re obviously working in partnership with them to understand their future door plans. So that we’re fully aligned on that. And that’s incorporated into our overall guidance. So about between door closures and wholesale closures it’s about 200 basis points of pressure. So I feel that we are aligned with our partners and we’re modeling that into our guidance. In terms of the right balance with what I’ll call off-price wholesale, what we know is a touchstone [ph] is that we have to be where the consumer wants to shop. And so they are an important part of our distribution. But what we also know is that we are not in balance where that distribution should be. So what we’ve modeled is continued rebalancing of that channel through the balance of FY 2018 and that will be down significantly double-digits as we move through FY 2018.
Jane Nielsen: So, Dana from the team as we've said, we have one significant search out there and it is for a Chief Marketing Officer. We're making progress, but that’s the most significant search that we have right now for the team.
Jane Nielsen: So the pieces that we talked about in the Way Forward Plan remain. We are going to evolve from a classic iconic core and continue to execute 50% new, 50% DNA, classic product, I think it’s the direction of that product that will evolve. And Ralph is going to play an active role in evolving that. You will see our progress in the Way Forward Plan, specifically on product starting in fall of - fall of 2017 and continues through into the spring season. So we are making progress, you will see it evolve and it will continue to evolve from there. It’s been part of our D&A as a company. We've evolved for the past 50 years, and its Ralph’s intention to continue that evolution.
Jane Nielsen: I want to thank you for joining us today. I look forward to speaking with many of you shortly and through the quarter and we're committed to executing our plans and providing you transparency on our progress and moving forward.
