Roger Farah: Yes, it’s a good question, Omar, and before I answer it let me just say we know our prepared remarks have run a little longer because we had a lot to talk about, but it was year end. So we’ll try to stay on the call a little bit extra time to make sure we get in as many questions as we can. To specifically answer your question, Omar, I think you heard us talk about even in a difficult environment, we generated over $900 million of operating cash flow this year. So to bump up the capital from $200 million to $280 million, for us is still a very cautious statement about the use of funds, and we think is justified given our long-term strategies to develop two-thirds of our business outside the U.S. versus the approximately one-third it is now. In fact, you know Europe has its ups and downs and Asia has its ups and downs and so does the United States, to be fair. But the things we’re choosing to spend on, which are systems technology, infrastructure, logistics and distribution as a base, and then on top of that, shop in shops, freestanding stores or other direct-to-customer initiatives, we have to believe are the right long-term strategies to get at these opportunities. Do we try to move them around globally or sequence them a little bit differently, given our own point of view about the next two or three years in the market? The answer is yes. But I think you can count on us for the next couple of years to spend at higher levels of capital, with more than half of that going into the international markets. And given our track record, which says we have an ROI north of 30% consistently, I think we’ve done a good job of earning against those investments. So it’s going to take a little bit more than the current headwinds to slow us down meaningfully, but we’ll try to be thoughtful.
Roger Farah: Yes. I think that when we talked at the last call in February, I think we sequenced over the 12 months sort of what happened in the past and what we’re seeing going forward. It’s fair to say that our product has sold through well at retail and we continue to enjoy good market share gains this spring. So while the retailer is cautious, and I think has fallen a little bit in love with this lower inventory level improves their margin scenario, and I think they’re looking for manufacturers to be able to chase and react or replenishment a little bit more than up front buy than they did in the past, we are beginning to see some opportunities to get incremental wholesale business, somewhat offset by the currency exchanges that Tracey talked about. Because as you know, a lot of the wholesale business in Europe at least at the moment will be flying into a pretty significant exchange rate issue. But under the heading of worldwide reaction we’ve had terrific men’s business and we seem to be picking up share. The Lauren business has gained strength as we’ve gone through the year. We’re enjoying a good spring in kids. We’ve had tremendous growth in some of our new businesses like footwear and dresses, and that’s part of what’s giving us a good feeling about the Lauren handbag launch that’s being carefully done and will be available for sale in August. We’re all very anxious to see how the customer reacts to that product. We think it looks good, the retailer thinks it looks good, and they’re obviously buying several seasons out already. So we think that is an opportunity for us in a sort of non-comp wholesale business. So I think the retailer is cautious. I think they’re going to continue to look to speed up their inventory turns, but we are trying to maximize every opportunity where appropriate.
Roger Farah: The biggest markets for us in Europe in a wholesale manner continue to be Italy, France, Germany and England. Spain which has been large has suffered with the very high reported 20% unemployment, although every time I go there they tell me that that’s not really the unemployment, that’s the published number. But nevertheless in rank order those would be the highest countries; France, UK, Germany, Italy and then Spain. And I would say from a performance point of view, France, UK, Germany have been the best performing countries with some of the southern tier markets being more difficult, including Spain. We don’t do that much business in Portugal, but Spain, Italy and some of the southern tiers. Some of that is the macro economic issues there and some of it recently, quite frankly, has been affected by this volcanic cloud which has dramatically altered the tourist patterns in Europe, both in and intra Europe, both people who were caught or who are concerned about being caught. So there’s a huge slowdown in the last month or six weeks based on that and tourist’s destinations. But fundamentally, the wholesale business again and a constant currency measurement is holding up nicely. We’re seeing increases in most of the core brands.
Roger Farah: Our current comps and I think Tracey had touched on it or we’ve talked about it so much I thought she touched on it, are really seeing less footsteps quite frankly in our brick-and-mortar stores with a higher average sale and a higher conversion rate. So those customers that are coming in we’re converting more of them to a sale and we’re getting a higher sale from them. And we’ve modeled really until proven otherwise, that’s the rest of the year in the Ralph Lauren format. Club Monaco is experiencing higher traffic, higher conversion and higher average unit sale, and I think you could tell that in the 29 comp that we just reported on a comparable calendar basis is extraordinary. And that’s really just great product. We are seeing online increased traffic. It’s not really footsteps. I guess that’s not the vocabulary you use, but we are seeing growth in customer there and higher average unit sale. And I think that’s reflected in the 39% comp that we reported for online. The other piece of it, which you didn’t ask but I think is interesting is, the relatively small amount of crossover between the online shopper and the brick-and-mortar shopper. We continue to watch this carefully. We continue to try to educate ourselves about how this is unfolding. And while we’re learning a lot and it’s got a little bit of movement in it, it’s probably less than you would instinctively believe. The other piece of that that I find interesting is that about 25% of our traffic on the site is coming from international customers who are not able to shop but are going through the website for information and product knowledge, and that is giving us some encouragement for our launch later in the fall with e-commerce in Europe.
Roger Farah: Adrianne, I’m actually disappointed that your question wasn’t revolving around your trip to Paris and our new store opening. I was expecting an eyewitness report from you about the restaurant and the excitement of the opening. But nevertheless.
Roger Farah: Well, I won’t say you’re stalking us, but I was looking for a little more positive feedback from on the ground reporting. But let me answer your question. We have absolutely made a dramatic sea change in the way goods are sourced and moved around the globe. And we were just talking with our board the other day. In the last ten years we’ve raised our gross margins 950 basis points, so this is not really a one year spike to either a quarter record or an annual record, quite frankly. This has been a strategic weapon that we’ve had as a company year after year, brick after brick. And with the number of brands and the complexity and the 85 countries we ship to, this absolutely turned into a key differentiator. Having said that, last year because of the worldwide slowdown there were some unique opportunities in availability of production or raw materials or transportation that allowed us to accelerate the margin beyond even our plans or expectation. They are not a function of us raising prices; they really are a function of us elevating quality but managing cost of goods and then obviously the merchandising initiatives and planning initiatives help the sell throughs which reduce markdowns. So going forward, our belief is we are not looking to pass on cost of goods increase to the customer. We don’t think the market at this point is looking for that, particularly with customers still wanting to think about a value purchase.  So we will be facing, as Tracey talked about, cost of good increases in raw materials and transportation more because capacity has been taken out of the marketplace. There are planes in the desert being mothballed and there are ships sitting idle, and so the ones that are working are looking for increases as those people are looking to repair their margins from the devastation of the last two years. But our long-term margin objectives are to maintain the highest quality of service level, but maximize the gross profit potential. Over a ten year period, that has been a very important part of our economic success and it has allowed us to generate incremental profit that we have used to reinvest back into the business and take on a lot of other initiatives. We’ve developed expertise in product categories that in the past, many people thought we couldn’t do like women’s or footwear or now accessories, as we were labeled very narrowly a men’s company. And I think that’s proven obviously not to be true. So as we look to take on production in Japan, which obviously was put out third party when it was licensed, or we take on the production of Asia or new product categories like Lauren handbags, I think gross margin and gross margin expansion over a long-term is something we focus on. However, in the short run, there are some real headwinds as we look to price the back half of the year, and we’ll just have to deal with it. But I don’t believe we’re going to be able to look to pass that on to the consumer. I think that would be a short term decision that would be a long-term mistake.
Roger Farah: I think yes, with a little modification. I would say the following. Finding a key, I’m going to use the word flagship locations in the handful of key cities in Tokyo is extremely difficult, so those opportunities don’t come around every day and they’re not easy to find. But we do have our eyes and ears open for something that’s appropriate. We do believe in Japan we will have a network one day of our own specialty stores, but we’re trying to get our arms around the existing distribution network, the in shop presentations which as Tracey’s talked to you about the conversion into concession models really means we’re buying the goods; we’re staffing the stores; we’re outfitting the shops; and we’re responsible for the inventory. So we are learning daily about the Japanese customer through that network of hundreds of stores, and I think we will eventually take that learning and use it to complement our own network with that. Separately, perhaps a higher priority is our own network of stores in the Asia Pacific region, including China, Hong Kong and some of the countries where there is not a robust department store channel and we will have to build our own network of stores over time in order to get the infrastructure supported and the distribution that we’re desiring. So I would put it a little lower on the priority of freestanding stores in Asia Pac, and I would put it a little bit under the heading of learnings now that we’re running these businesses vertically in Japan until we translate that into store locations.
Roger Farah: Okay. The concession assortments are really presented in a classification and category way, so we have a men’s Blue Label sportswear shop in a store, we may have a men’s Black Label sportswear shop in a store; we’ll have a women’s Blue Label shop in a store, maybe a women’s Black; we’ll have a kid’s concession store. So really unlike our own stores where we integrate and mix brands around Ralph’s vision, the department store business in Japan and Asia at the moment, and the concession locations, are very much one brand oriented. And then within that, they’ve been very much key items, basics and commodity items.  So our first step in the process is really to represent a broader range of offerings and fashions in those categories. We will then try to get some of those shops repositioned to get better adjacencies to where the brand is today versus where it might have been ten years ago, when some of those locations were invested in. And we will try to add to that higher end products which traditionally have not been well represented in Japan or Asia Pacific in general. So it’s an upgrading of fashion content; it’s an upgrading of price points; we’re not going to walk away from the core items or the core basic, but we’ll give them slightly less visual representation and up the brand’s [clotion] of fashion and movement. I think we’ve felt that the business has looked a little static in that part of the world as licensees historically pursue the most simple product and the basic products. We’ll wrap around that over time ongoing efforts to elevate public relations and marketing, which we think are critical. One of the interesting facts that we received when Ralph and I and the rest of some of the senior management team were in Asia, is how consistently we heard customers there getting their brand and product information from the Internet. And so part of the connection for us in moving our brand in Asia over time will be the ability to communicate to the customer through the online experience. And I think that will be a high focus for us as we try to remix our brand face in that market and how to get that message out. You can get that message out online a lot faster than regional magazines or billboards or regional newspapers or any other media, so that’s an important learning for us as we try to go forward.
Roger Farah: Okay, let me see if I can perhaps slightly reframe that. I believe that the last 18 months difficult environment has caused all retailers, whether they’re internal to Polo or whether they’re our wholesale partners, to be more cautious about inventory planning and to be focused on trying to sell through more at full price and turn the inventory faster. I think that is a piece of what every retailer today is looking to do. That then has to be coupled with appropriate sales planning, because if your sales exceed your plans, you’re going to be caught short of inventory and obviously if you miss sales you’re going to be hung with product that needs to be marked down. So I think what’s happening is, from point of manufacture to ordering to delivery, there’s a lot of pressure on the entire supply chain to be very precise about the level of inventory and the sell throughs. Our inventory, despite a sales increase, is down and another one of those facts that we sort of tumbled on to over the last ten years we’ve added $3 billion in sales and we only have increased inventory by $110 million at Polo Ralph Lauren. So that’s a startling piece of our management effort, that it only took us $110 million more inventory ten years later to add $3 billion of sales. So I think we’re all getting smarter, I think we’re all getting more demanding and I think we know that what we can’t do is give the customer excess inventory to pick through at discounted prices because based on her prior experience, if they continue to believe that’s possible, they’re going to wait and wait and wait until the products are marked down. So, I think our partners are being more careful, I think we’re being more careful, and I think that puts pressure on subjects like replenishment or chasing hot product, if it’s possible; if there’s raw materials and availability of production; but most of the wholesale models were not built on large amounts of that. So this is something that’s just beginning to evolve as perhaps a longer term trend, which will put pressure on the up front ordering and put more pressure on the supply chain to chase demand dictated by the customer. So at this point I appreciate it. I’m sorry to have run 15 minutes late. I just thought the fourth quarter and the full year deserved a little fulsome conversation. Hope we’ve had a chance to answer all your questions. Thank you for your support. If you’ve got follow up questions, Jim and Tracey can attempt to answer them during the day. It’s been an incredible year for us. We’re very proud of it and the results we achieved, and we’re very mindful of what the next 12 months hold for us in terms of challenges. So, thank you for listening.
