Roger N. Farah: Okay, Omar. Where to begin? We talked in the prepared remarks about the extraordinary overall growth of our business. And clearly, the international year-to-date trends in the 40s has led the charge, but we've been surprised by the incredible resilience and strength of our domestic business. And as I said, that's come to our own direct-to-customer initiatives, as well as our wholesale. The results you've heard about third quarter from the wholesale landscape are sort of a mixed bag of strong to medium to more challenging. And I think the mid-tier channel had a more challenging third quarter. We've met with Ron Johnson and his team several times, Ralph and Jacki and I. So we've been very interested and excited to learn about his strategy and his revolution. It's an interesting time for Penneys, as they try to lead that organization in new direction, and we're very excited as everybody else is to see how that plays out. But we were at the end of a 5-year commitment to American Living, and I think upon reflection, we decided mutually to move away from that business after the spring/summer shipments. We have a lot in our plate that is very exciting and challenging, and we want to make sure our efforts and energies are aligned with the opportunities. I think, Penneys has a lot of change and transformation going on, and in some cases, that's going to take time to play out. So we've left the door open to further dialogue for the relationships, but at this point, we're going to spend our time and energy building and controlling our brands the best way we know how. It has a de minimis impact on our financial results to upon the completion of spring/summer really will be in a much smaller mode with that. Our domestic wholesale efforts focused on our existing customers, particularly with Chaps being the #1 brand at Kohl's. We think we have that channel well covered.
Roger N. Farah: Sure. The 95 points of distribution is a slightly larger number than we talked about earlier in the year. As we looked at our strategies in that part of the world, we became convinced that the customer there would respond to our elevated assortments. So when we built a store in The Peninsula in Hong Kong, and one in Shanghai and saw the extraordinary reaction to our luxury products, we decided to get more aggressive about closing the B and C locations formally selected by our licensing partner. So we are continuing to look and negotiate in Beijing and Shanghai and Hong Kong for flagships. But at the same time, we're looking for additional locations throughout China and have a exploratory list that's quite long. How many of them will come to fruition at fiscal '13 versus '14 or '15 is still up in the air, and we'll keep you informed. But the flagships statements we've made in the New York or Paris or in Omotesando in Japan, we think, are critical for the brand expression. And we need to build awareness of our luxury profile in Japan. We needed to build it in Paris, and we certainly need to do it in China, not only for the customer shopping in China but for those travelers, because they shop in Seoul, Korea. They shop in the United States. They shop in Europe. And our ability to tell our story is best expressed through flagships. And so at the moment, we're hard at work looking in those 3 markets.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Adrianne. Let me break my answer into 2 pieces. The cost of goods discussion, which has been well dialogued among the industry, we took the position, when that began to occur, that we thought it would be a period of time of extraordinary inflation in raw materials and in labor, but believed it would not sustain. So a lot of the action that Jacki talked about and decisions that we made, we think it played well to our customers. We maintained quality. We did not change, make or raw material or trim or fit. And I think we've picked up market share, because the customer has come to expect that from Ralph Lauren. We passed along certain of the price increases, and that did affect, in the end, some of our margin. But we're all seeing now fall '12 and beyond raw materials, but particularly cotton coming back to a more appropriate level. And we think our margins will begin to rise in the fall '12 and beyond period. So we think we made the right decision there. And that's playing out around all product categories, particularly those that are dominated by cotton. Separately, we are seeing a mix change that's helping our margins. One, the retail margins are higher in rate than wholesale. And as you've seen this quarter, particularly, we're getting extraordinary growth out of our direct-to-consumer business around the globe. Second, the international markets actually have higher margins than the domestic markets. And so as that growth continues and the penetration rises, that will help margins. And then in certain other product categories, as they continue to grow, including accessories and others, those should be, over time, margin-rich categories. So the mix is working to our advantage as it plays out over the next 2 or 3 years, in addition to what we think is more normalized and predictable cost of goods changes. That's the end of my answer.
Roger N. Farah: The European environment is volatile, as you know. And having just been there recently, you actually feel it even more so in the different markets, because it's daily headlines. So with that, as a backdrop, and with no attempt to be an economist or a federal officer in terms of fiscal policy, I think there is a sense of uncertainty among the local customers about how the debt crisis, the euro crisis will be resolved and a question about whether or not the fix for some of these unbalanced country budgets will be either higher taxes or cut back in services in a way that will make for a longer-term recovery. But with that as a backdrop, our wholesale bookings, which at this point through early February are really mostly men's because we haven't really fully booked spring/fall products for women's. But the early reads by the products we have booked are up, and we’re getting market share, albeit with most retailers in Europe operating cautiously. I think they're taking a cautious view about inventory. I think they're taking a cautious view about capital, but within that, as they look to pay their resources and invest in the brands that they feel the strongest about, we feel good about our position and our opportunity. The second piece of what will happen over time in Europe is a lot of the small specialty stores are being squeezed by these conditions, particularly in markets like Italy and some of the southern parts of Western Europe. And so over time, we will be looking to build up what we call monobrand or Ralph Lauren branded stores throughout Europe, whether owned or licensed, we will go more direct to the customer. And we also are seeing customers making choice about shopping Internet. While the Internet, in general, in Europe is trailing the United States, our early reads on England, France and Germany have been encouraging. So we think we'll be taking our message more directly to the customer online through our own stores and then through taking share out of the key department store accounts in the other markets. So maybe not as buoyant as what we've reported to date, but we still think there's growth opportunities in Europe.
Roger N. Farah: Well, I think Jacki said hundreds, more than 100, because for us, it's an international launch, Europe, Asia and the United States. Here in the United States, it's really closer to 200 through Macy's, and then there's the incremental doors outside of the U.S. So we're actually very bullish on that brand, into full lifestyle offering in men's and women's and accessories. And the early reads, which we are hoping, were particularly good for the denim part. A lot of times when you read about denim businesses, they're more about the sportswear and less about the denim. But in this case Ralph and the team have come up with a spectacular balance, and so we're getting at both Men's and Women's. Club Monaco, which I think you've all seen, has experienced significant comp store growth, compounded quarter-after-quarter, has really led, what we think, is a women's offering that is now being accepted globally. Here, in the United States, we distributed through our own stores, soon-to-be e-commerce in Asia. We do it through license partners and our growing our footprint and being well received in Asia. It's a look and a style that the customer there is enjoying. And in Europe, we've recently launched through shop-in-shops and department stores and are studying whether or not freestanding stores in key markets are a opportunity as well. So we're really seeing the worldwide acceptance of Club Monaco and really believe we're on a unique track there in a market where women's has not been particularly strong for a lot of competitors. So we think we're getting at that opportunity globally, and we think the brand has tremendous potential.
Roger N. Farah: Well, I'm going to give you a response that may not get exactly what you're asking. So if not, you'll ask me again. We think we give good price value at all ranges from Collection through Chaps. We think the product and the price value is a fair one and represents fair value for the consumer. We put a lot into the product, and I think that consistent approach to high quality has served as well. But I'm not sure how to answer that by brand or by channel beyond what I've just said.
Roger N. Farah: Well, let me -- I'm going to broaden my answer a little bit. Daniel has been hard at work now for 2 days. So we are putting him through a crash orientation course. But I got to know Daniel over the last year through a variety of discussions. And I think he's a unique talent that's chosen to join us at a very opportunistic time. His background is steeped in running luxury businesses. It's steeped in the accessory world, both LV watches and is steeped in international customers. Every one of those subjects are high priorities for this company. To date, we had International reporting to Jacki in Asia and to me in Europe, and our desire was to make sure that the International voice is well represented holistically. And while Jacki and I want to take some credits for oversight, we also have new talent in Europe in John Hooks who joined us in the fall and Mark Daley in Asia, who joined us about this time last year. So we think we've built an incredibly talented experienced group of people now with the ability to take us to the next step. And then under them, we are cascading down through the ranks, looking to upgrade our talent in this critical subject. We set out a desire to make our business 2/3 international at some point, and we're making extraordinary progress. The only problem is the U.S. keeps growing quickly as well. So our timetable gets pushed back. The other thing I'd also comment on is we've made some other key hires over the last couple of months in product categories like home. We hired was Ian Sears, who's come in to run our home business and several other key strategic talents. We have a long-standing commitment to talent, because we won't get far with just a strategy and a good balance sheet, we need the talent. So internally, we've spent a lot of time and energy on development of our own people, but strategically, where we need to bring in a key hire that we think will take us to a new level, we've done that as well. I think the results we’ve reported today are really a function of a world-class team. And I'm very proud of the hard work that we've put into this group, whether it's design, merchandising, advertising, supply chain, on and on and on. And this is not easy in this environment. This is not as simple as it looks, when we report it 4 times a year. But we expect Daniel and Mark Daley and John Hooks and others to contribute internationally, and the rest of the team here in New York is hard at work. So I thank them all, I thank you for your interest. Hopefully, we'll get a chance to complete the year with the May call, but we're very excited about the future and have a lot of opportunities to challenge us for the next 5- or 10-year period.
