Roger Farah: All right, Omar, you know the time period of July, August and September, if you remember back, did not include some of the improved trends I think people are talking about in the last six weeks. So really, early placements in the wholesale channel were conservative, as retailers cut back their buys and tried to get stock and sales expectations in alignment. And our early guidance on the quarter really reflected you know that.  What happened, and particularly as the quarter began to unfold, new product selling was strong and I think that our ability to service that with either replenishment, which was up double digits in the quarter, or accelerate shipments of wanted merchandise, or read and react, which is a strategy that Jackie and the team have been pursuing now for a couple of years, which gives our supply chain the opportunity to take merchandise that's performing well, and get it back into the stores in season.  I think all of that reflected in the quarter's better than originally forecasted results, and I think it gives us another strategic weapon in terms of servicing during this very skittish time. And we expect to read and react and chase goods where necessary, as we work our way through the back half of this year.   
Roger Farah: I'll start, and Tracey can add in. I think our forecast going forward reflects the ongoing retailer's point of view that they went into last spring with too much on order, that even when the business changed in September and October, they couldn't recalibrate the upfront booking. So I think most of our wholesale accounts have taken a cautious view for next spring and into the summer, in terms of their initial on orders.  Obviously, if business continues to be better than anticipated, we'll have to see what we can do to service what we think is growing market share on our part, a lot of resources and, Adrianne, this sort of slips into your second question.  I don't think a lot of resources have the wherewithal, either the products, the brand recognition, or the organization to chase the opportunities as they develop. And I think we are picking up share in the wholesale channel, whether it's here in the United States or in Europe or in Japan, as we are outperforming your competitors in most merchandise categories. And so the challenge will be with cautious upfront orders and still the bulk of the business is done through upfront orders, we have to be able to react to the business trends and work without wholesale accounts to pursue that.  I think those that are undercapitalized, or were struggling with financial pressures maybe has to play their inventories even more close to the vest, or people who were looking to generate cash by excessively bringing their inventories down, I think they're going to have more trouble chasing the business if it moves forward. And I think that gives us another competitive advantage. So I think for lots of reasons, the guidance reflects what we know today, but I think if the business trends are better, I think we're prepared to pursue them aggressively in all product categories. 
Roger Farah: Well, thanks. I would say, Liz, we're very bullish on retail. If you remember back it wasn't that long ago where the retail business was a small fraction of what we did and not very profitable at that. Today, even what is acknowledged as a very difficult retail quarter we produced an 11% increase in profitability in that segment and a double digit operating profit. So we've come a long way in our retail business and it is getting a disproportionate amount of capital going forward.  I think the other thing that I would say is today retail is 40 something percent of our business and is trending to a much higher place. We also come out of the most recent trips to Asia Pacific realizing that direct-to-customer is the primary way that you reach your audience whether it's Japan or Southeast Asia or any of the major countries. Whether they're shop and shops which are run by you, meaning you buy the inventory, you build the staff, you train them, you sell the product those in essence are retail or they're standalone stores that you build in high streets or you know in the appropriate malls. I think Southeast Asia is going to be heavily about direct-to-customer. The other thing that I would add to the retail piece, Liz, is really the Internet. So whether you want to call it brick or mortar or just direct-to-customer there's no doubt that the ongoing growth of online shopping is here to stay whether it's in the United States where we've been at it for over 10 years and very successfully. I know a lot of people today are trying to catch up to that or internationally. I said in my opening remarks we are actively exploring the online business for Europe and eventually we'll get to Asia and we think it's a tremendous way of reaching the customer directly and it's a complement to everything else we do in wholesale and retail. So we are pushing hard.  What we're not doing is just opening stores to get a store count number up there. We are strategically opening up in key places around the world that we think have the kind of customers that respond to our products so it's a good call out and I think you'll see as we continue to move through the next couple of years it's going to continue to grow in importance in our overall segment reporting.
Roger Farah: Well I think, David, if you go back to sort of the mid-to-late-September last year and so much of the financial crisis came to a head, and I think we all saw the change in the consumer, I think retailers have been scrambling ever since. They have been first to challenge to liquidate inventory last fall that were well in excesses of customer demand which put tremendous pressure on margins. Then there were expense reduction efforts and then how much can we pull back on spring and then clearly the fall buys were looked at through the lens of fairly pessimistic retail expectations. I think while all of that was playing out daily, people were waiting to see how the customer would react and how they would move through this, as we have anniversaried that as an industry and everybody lapped September numbers and now into October I think the question mark was will the business continue to fall? Will it flatten out against last year's depressed levels or will in fact we begin to move ahead? Perhaps somewhat misleading because we're going against smaller numbers but nevertheless will the customer begin to return? I'm of the opinion the customer has begun to move back into a more balanced point of view. Those that have money are beginning to spend again. Those that probably overreached did it on borrowed money whether it was credit cards or home equity loans probably have moved to the sideline to replenish savings and that's probably appropriate. So I think when you say when is the retailer going to begin to react, I think when there's a more certain trend that's more predictable because when you're buying inventory six and twelve months out I think you have to have a certain confidence in your ability to forecast the revenue. And I think in the short run you're seeing some margin improvements in those retail formats that were going against big clearance numbers. But I don't think the go-forward orders will start to reflect that until maybe fall of '10. And I think the balance of spring and summer will be one of attempts to chase product if more product is needed. There just aren't that many resources that have the wherewithal to chase products so I think it gives us a strategic advantage in that we have developed the capabilities to do that better than most.
Roger Farah: Yes, that's a good question. We have different situations depending on what the license arrangement was and you're correct. In Japan where we've now over the last couple years put together most of the licenses we have been on a process of centralizing and building one organization that will plan and allocate the business in a more global way. We also have IT systems rolling in there now to help them run the business better. Manufacturing has been moved into our global manufacturing group, same for supply change and logistics. So we've made a lot of the changes to integrate the Japanese business into the bigger global platform which will begin to play out really next year and then from then on. So while the market is challenged and there is no doubt the overall market in Japan is not buoyant, we do expect improvements in the profitability of Japan and we expect it to be one of the most profitable countries we have. It has a market cadence that really has extended full price selling, very little promotional activity and it really should be a high margin business once we get all the pieces and parts running. So I think in fiscal – our fiscal '11 and beyond – I think we're expecting to see the Japanese business make meaningful contributions. And they're successful now but I think it's going to go to another level. 
Roger Farah: Well, I think the fair statement is that whether it's the United States or Europe there has been at least a flexibility exhibited in discussing real estate now where perhaps there was an inflexibility prior to September of a year ago.  And so what we are seeing is more properties are available, certain brands have contracted or pulled back on their stores. So there are some key markets that in the past you would have waited years and years and years to at least have available properties; now it's coming up. The question is who you're bidding against, who wants it, what the use is for and ultimately what you think you can do with it. So I do believe the environment is more favorable now to finding the right kind of properties, whether it's key money or the rent or any of the other particulars that go into it.  I think those are more open for discussion now than they might have been in the past. I think on the other part of the world Asia, has continued to be a red hot market for the right kind of real estate and I think you have to be careful there about getting too hungry to get a space and then find out you have the wrong one. But the rent terms in Asia are much shorter generally three-to-five years versus longer terms in the United States or Europe so I think properties do turn over more quickly in Asia, albeit I haven't seen a softening in the pricing yet.
Roger Farah: Okay. Thank you all for listening in. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to reporting holiday results in early February. Thank you
