Roger N. Farah: Omar, I know we ran a little long with our "end of the year presentation", but that's a pretty long question. Let me see if I can talk about Europe broadly and then hit on some of the specifics you touched on. If I miss some of them, I apologize. We reported extraordinary results last year, 26%, and we really saw that across all strategies: retail, wholesale, across almost all of the countries. We had double-digit growth in France, Germany, Spain, the U.K., Scandinavia and others. I think what you've heard from us today and what you've heard from other people is that the ongoing overhang of economic uncertainties in Europe, which have been now prominent in the press, pretty hot and heavy since the middle of last fall straight through the spring are weighing on the customer's mind. And I think that's true of the local customers by country and to some degree, that's been masked by the tourist business in many of the key capitals. Depending on the brands that you're talking about, if you have a high penetration of Chinese tourists visiting the major capitals of Paris or London or Switzerland or Milan, that has inflated, I think, the European results. We don't happen to have, based on our small penetration in China, we don't happen to have that kind of Chinese tourists running through our European operations. While we do get a high degree of tourism, our major tourists are coming from the Middle East or Russia where we have strong presences, and then they find us in other European cities. So we think over time as we build our Chinese presence and we talked today about the 60 stores we plan on opening over the next 3 years, 15 in the back half of this year, we think our growing presence there at a luxury level will, in fact, begin to develop the tourist business in Europe and the United States that others are enjoying. So our results to date have been primarily based on the local markets and/or tourism from other countries. We're planning, based on our relationships with our key wholesale distribution, cautiously. They want to be tight with their inventory. They want to try to improve their turns. There's a great deal of uncertainty in the southern tier of Europe, particularly Spain. Italy has particular problems with their specialty distribution. The specialty channel there has gone through several turbulent years. And then the northern parts of Europe whether it's Germany, France, Scandinavia or the U.K. held up better last year and we believe will hold up better into the new year. But I think the constant overhang of economic concern and then what the corrections will be to manage that set of issues I think is what's dragging that market into a slower growth environment. So while we're planning growth, I think Tracey said it very clearly, we're just planning it more conservatively than we've done in the past. Against that, we continue to invest in e-commerce growth in that market. We launched in the U.K., France, Germany and we'll continue to look for that channel to grow. Quite frankly, the factory channel continues to perform well in Europe. But in our Ralph Lauren stores, we're seeing a softness that I think is a reflection of the local customer being cautious with their shopping in the near term. None of this dissuades us from our long-term ambitions in Europe. In '08 and '09, we took market share during a very difficult time. My hope is that we'll do that again, but we're very committed to the long-term distribution of Ralph Lauren in Europe and we'll continue for the right real estate. Maybe this economic environment creates opportunities either to get better access to property or maybe at a better price, or perhaps some cases, to buy. So I think being nimble and being light on our feet in Europe will give us our long-term objective. The question is what happens over the near term. Clearly, the euro has suffered. So for us, that's an impact to us as it continues to kind of gyrate in the high 1.20s, low 1.30s. And we'll just see how that plays out as the year goes on.
Roger N. Farah: Yes, Adrianne, I mean we've operated under the belief consistent with what you just said that whether it's controlling a license or controlling a region that our commitment to doing it right over the long term has paid off. The shift in distribution channel from wholesale to retail or concession shops, primarily in Asia to owned, I think has served us well in terms of communicating to the customer in its purest way. And so I think you saw comp stores last year that were extraordinary at 14%, on top of the year before that of 10% and years and years of compounding have given us very high sales productivity. That, in turn, has given us very strong profitability in retail. Those of you who have followed our story for a long time know that we started from a very low point and we've made a pretty amazing progress. Our point of view is that in Asia particularly, where there's not an appropriate or robust distribution channel, our future depends on our ability to run our shop-in-shops or run direct retail. Now the margins in retail, even at the high levels we're at today where our hopes of getting them higher are not quite as high as our wholesale margins, which are extraordinary. The inventories will turn slower. There'll be capital involved, but we believe over the long haul, our ability to take our message directly to the customer in brick-and-mortar or e-commerce really is the foundation of our future growth. The other issue, which I'll just mention, and I think you all know this, but as cost of goods begin to improve and inbound receipts begin to return to a more normalized level, we're very pleased with our decision a year ago not to change the quality and not to change our sourcing strategy, and I think the customer reacted to that quality. But those inbound receipts come in and turn faster in our wholesale segment where the margins will begin to recover sooner. In retail where the inventory turns slower, it's a combination of the on hand and the new receipts. And as they turn through the year, the margin will begin to rise. So the rate of margin improvement cycles through different at wholesale and retail because it's not the inbound receipt that's driving margin. It's the margin on what you sell. So if the wholesale goods are turning 5 or 6 or 7x a year and retail's turning 2 or 3 or 4 depending on the format, the wholesale margins will recover faster followed by the retail margin. So that's an important nuance to the way the year lays out.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Liz. The reality is that we had a licensee that was based in Hong Kong for many, many years. And with that, his focus was on Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Malaysia and had very little distribution in Ralph Lauren products in China proper. What he did have was positioned as a casual sportswear brand primarily for men in B- and C-type locations. So our brand awareness over the last 10 or 15 years and the quality impression of our brand is very different than the way we see it here in the United States and Europe. So as those customers travel, they're looking for the brands that they have learned over the last 10 or 15 years signify quality and heritage, and their knowledge of our brand is much lower and incomplete. So we believe that not only will that grow business in China as we have the right kind of stores, but as we expose the customer through the store experiences, through marketing or through future Internet activities, they will then look for the brand when they travel around the world. Today, many of the luxury brands are reporting European sales of 25%, 30% or 40% to Chinese. Our Chinese tourist business in Europe is less than 2%. So we believe that we'll get the multiplier effect as we push out in China over the next 3 to 5 years.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, well, let me break the investments into a couple buckets. The primary international investments are being made in Asia and I think I said earlier that the bulk of the 15 stores that are being opened in China will be in the back end. That doesn't mean we're not spending money in the front half. So the opening date is really the culmination of the spending. So in that case, back-side openings will be front-side spending. The ongoing investments in the Internet are really 12 months of the year whether that's distribution and logistics here in the United States or the ramp-up in building as we go to a full launch in Japan. So that's spending in advance of the revenue will be for the first 9 months. Separately, the ongoing investments in technology, infrastructure and systems is really a 12-month cycle and should be evenly spread through the year. So I guess the sum of all that is more investment spending in the early part of the year culminating with openings or launching in the fall, and we get the revenue in the back half of the year.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Jeff. I would say that you're correct. We've had a very strong domestic performance with our wholesale partners at their retail. And putting aside the way Easter falls within our fiscal reporting because, as you know, the March, April time period for us is split between fourth quarter and first quarter. For most other people, not. We've enjoyed our strongest businesses this spring in our heritage and core businesses like men's. That's had a very strong spring. The children's business has had a strong spring. Lauren has begun to perform better in sportswear, but we've had a very strong business in dresses. Jacki talked about accessory and footwear. So we're really seeing broad-based strength in the performance of our products at retail. The domestic retailer continues to operate with a mindset towards conservatism in terms of inventory and turn, but nevertheless, we've had a strong spring. As you mentioned, color plays well for us as a brand. And I really do believe, based on our last couple of experiences with Olympic products, it will be a very exciting lead up through the August Olympics. So we think domestically, we are well positioned in the core product categories. Denim & Supply, it's the first spring we're in the market. We have added to the distribution of our handbag and accessory businesses, so those are beginning to roll out. I think Jacki quoted a doubling of the doors in our handbag and accessories from this time last year. We're also beginning to see traction in our ownership of the home business. I think our partnerships with the department stores and their confidence in the way we've taken licenses and repositioned them, I think people are beginning to get excited about the opportunities at home here in the domestic market. So lots of good things in the core, and the new businesses are beginning to get traction and door count.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Faye. I'll start with the week-to-week. The predictability of the trend lines really post the recession has been different than probably prerecession. The consumer mentality, I think, in the last 2 years while in aggregate has been spectacular, I think they're more careful about their spending. I think they're more selective. I think they're looking for great product, but maybe the great piece or the great item or the great accessory. I do believe they're buying close to the need. So some of the weather patterns has affected the business. It was spectacularly warm earlier in the year and then it got cold, and I think the customer has exhibited a sensitivity to that, that we probably didn't see before. The other part of your question is the gateway cities where the United States has seen important tourist activities, where Florida was particularly hurt during the recession. It has come back and some of that has been fueled by the tremendous tourist business from the Brazilians. When we track by country where our international tourist business is here in the United States, the Brazilians rank very, very high, not only in Florida but in New York. So we see tourism not only affecting the travel patterns and the shopping in Europe. We see it here in the United States. The more technical part of your question, which is our strategy to return excess capital to the shareholder. As we've talked about in the past, Tracey and I have said our first priority is investing back into our business if we think we can get a return, and I think we've done that well over the years and we expect to do that into the new year and beyond. Our second alternative, assuming we've done that properly, is to take excess cash and return it to shareholders either through dividends or share buyback. And I think you've seen, as our cash flows have grown over the last couple years, we've done that pretty aggressively. I think today's announcement to double the dividend again, third year in a row we've doubled the dividend, I think, reinforces our commitment to return money to shareholders in the most efficient way we think is appropriate. And I think you'll see in fiscal '13 a combination of this more aggressive dividend and share repurchase going back to the shareholder if we don't have a proper use for it. We're clearly holding a lot of cash in our balance sheet. We have very little debt. We did that proactively through the recession. At this point, with early reads on interest rates staying low for a long time, my guess is we'll look to return excess capital to the shareholders both ways throughout the year.
Roger N. Farah: Okay, Barbara. We don't quote percentages, but I would say that whether we're talking about the Ralph Lauren level of accessories or whether we're talking about a Lauren or Polo level of accessories, the company is putting a lot of time, energy and money to distort those categories. We've clearly developed multiple tiers and multiple channels for our apparel, but we're very focused on the right distribution in product and accessories. Then the question always becomes how do you to define accessories? Does that include eyewear, and does that include watches and jewelry and handbags, small leather goods, belts, scarves? Interestingly, because I know, Barbara, you go in the store up the street on 72nd, we devoted the entire main floor to our accessory area, which for us is a future direction but does not read the same way in many of our former stores. Some of the real strong categories there have been the belts, scarves and footwear, things that in the past don't seem to get the same kind of attention that perhaps handbags and small leather goods go to. So we're finding the customer has a real appetite for Ralph's design sensibility across all product categories. And, of course, we're in the early stages of developing watches, which, if you travel the world, has been one of the strongest growth categories for luxury companies everywhere. And while that's a long process to do that, we have some spectacular watches that are beginning to get traction with the largest single store in the world for us in watches being Macau. And I think that gives you a sense of the upside to some of these product categories as we reinforce that with our commitment to the Asian market. So with that, operator, I apologize. We've run a little late. It was the end of year, and I thought it deserved a little extra attention in the prepared remarks. Just a spectacular year on every level. We started the year with some concerns as we do again this year, but it was a spectacular year. I think the team really maximized the opportunity in the Ralph Lauren brand in the Ralph Lauren way, and we're excited about the new year. So we thank you for your interest and your attention. We look forward to updating you in August. Thank you.
