John Larsen: I think you got all right on there, Andrew. So the first one, the 50%, was Iowa. And I think you got all the rest spot on.
John Larsen: You know, I will give you rough numbers around 70% is owned and 30% purchased. Of course, that's going to chance a bit as we are bringing units online and we renew. But that's a high-level split for you, Andrew.
John Larsen: Yes. Michael, good to hear from you. So yes, we do still have some regulatory liabilities remaining for the excess deferred taxes. They are just not at the same level that we are experiencing here in refunds through 2021. We do have some other, I will call them, regulatory liabilities that were actually approved as part of the rate stabilization plan that we received approval from for the WPL jurisdiction in December. One more notable one was some liquidated damages that we received as part of the West Riverside facility. I think that was roughly $35 million to $40 million. And there are some various other benefits that we have been accumulating over time, whether it was from excess earnings above our authorized returns that we have a sharing mechanism for. But think of it as probably in the neighborhood somewhere between probably $60 million and $80 million of total regulatory liabilities that are available to us to be able to use over the next several years to help offset some of the rate implications.
John Larsen: Yes. I think what you are referring to is, there is a subsequent proceeding process. So as part of the 2020 rate filing, there are rules that are still being drafted. So they are not completely filed yet. But the IUB recently decided that we will be coming in for, what they call, a subsequent proceeding. And really, what that's intended to do is to make sure that the rates that we put into effect in 2020 were reasonable and just. And we believe they don't expect any refunds or any potential changes in the future. And that's largely going to be based on where our earned ROEs come out for the end of 2020. We actually under-earned in 2020, below the 10% authorized level. So we don't expect any impacts of that but we will still be working through the process with the Iowa Utilities Board over the next several months. And then there will also be some processes to finalize those rules and exactly what needs to be filed excellence over the next several months.
John Larsen: I will give you a directional area of north, Michael, but probably no additional specifics right now, but it's certainly growing.
John Larsen: Yes. Maybe think of Iowa as we are probably a couple years away from a rate filing, a formal rate filing, if you will, in Iowa. So that's a little bit out there. In Wisconsin, we’ve had a good track record of working very collaboratively and we will put a very solid case together. So there is always that potential. I don't want to handicap it beyond that. But we have had some very recent success in achieving that type of settlement outcome. But other than that, I’d say it's as we have in the past years, I think that opportunity exists.
John Larsen: Sure. Happy to. I’ll probably have, if Robert wants to add any of the numbers there. But if you think about the clean energy future, it's really got to make sure that we think about how that fits transition, generation and it really doesn't happen much, the distribution grid is also moving that way. So we have got, as I noted, opportunities for resiliency to put our systems from more overhead to underground. We are starting that out and there is opportunity to grow that area as well as having a stronger distribution grid at a voltage that allows for more distributed energy resources to connect. So that's also an opportunity for us. It's in our current, but there is certainly an opportunity as we get more efficient for those two areas to grow. So, we do see the distribution areas having plenty of growth potential for us. But as we do in many cases, we start, kind of walk before we run and make sure that we get very efficient as we deploy capital. Maybe if there is anything on categories and growth numbers, Robert, I will ask you weigh in.
John Larsen: Yes. Great question on that, Andy. And certainly as I had shared, we do have storage facilities, I will call them small. Again, we kind of prove those technologies out and then scale them up. We have done some great deferral storage work up to this point and tied it in with some of our community efforts and community solar side. So, think of that as a little bit smaller size. We do have development work going on right now to size that up. And so think of that as great deferral, but as we are putting larger scale wind and solar out there, we also have development plans to look at adding larger scale storage to help with the front and back end of how those units are introduced into the market. So completely agree. We are making sure that it's always got to make sense to our customers. So we are eager to add those when it make sense for our customers and we are in heavy development work right now.
John Larsen: Yes. Certainly as we think about that, Andy, I think you are referring to our efforts to put a 25 KV backbone system out there. And that's what I had referred to earlier that allows us to put more distributed energy resources or customer connected resources to our grid. We are in the beginning stages of that. I think we are roughly, I will us numbers around 5% of our system. But think of that as that's something you want to have condensed to certain areas where you convert smartly. In certain areas as you are doing other work, it makes sense and as we look for areas that have higher growth for some of those DER penetration. The cost for per unit and CapEx, I don't have those readily available. But that would refer back to our opportunities for additional distribution grid spend as we think about getting more and more efficient in that space. So think about it as the tail-end of our current CapEx. And I think you will see more of that as we refresh our CapEx going forward.
John Larsen: Yes. Andrew, when you think of that, it's one of those numbers that will cycle up and down a bit. We look at overall trajectory of that getting to our stated goal when we reach 2030. So we like the path that we are on. I am sure there is a contributor from a number of those factors. But we also look at the transitions we are making with some of our planned retirements of coal facilities to highly efficient West Riverside. So I don't have the specifics. That number will bounce around a bit. But we look at the overall trend line and it's really on track with what our stated objectives are.
Robert Durian: Yes. It is a great question. This is Robert. First off, it's a key a component to providing affordable energy for our customers. So we are very focused on that. And we are currently targeting sustainable O&M reductions of approximately 3% to 5% on an annual basis, off of 2019 base line in order to support the customer affordability. Our employees did an excellent job in 2020 as they captured some additional savings largely to offset the COVID and the derecho impacts. And I would say, it's a pretty even mix between sustainable savings and temporary savings, at least on 2020. Some of the temporary items were things like travel, healthcare and insurance. But we also saw some great progress with sustainable savings. Largely, I would put it broadly in the three main areas. One is technology. We continue to advance technology, including things like the AMI that we put into service in early 2020 that really helped reduce some of the metering costs. Some great improvements with automation and self service to help us reduce some of our call center costs. And then we also, obviously added some enhance connectivity through the pandemic here that we think we will be able to leverage into the future. So that's one category. Second is probably on the generation side. Really, we have seen some pretty strong efficiency gains at some of our existing coal plants that allows us to operate with fewer employees. And then lastly on the distribution side as we talked about with our strategy. We continue to focus on trying to move from overhead to underground. And that's really going to position us well there for our O&M cost in the future. So back to your specific question, I would say it's probably a pretty even mix between the two. To think of on a longer term basis, we are really to achieve maybe a 3% to 5% reduction in sustainable savings over the long term.
Robert Durian: Yes. Maybe one thing to note, Andrew. One of the components of this case will be the expiration of some of the larger amounts of excess deferred taxes that we are giving back to customers currently. And those are pretty well set in stone. So we don't have a lot of flexibility with those and fairly straightforward. So I don't think it will be anything that will be controversial with the case itself. And then as John indicated, the other key component is the solar projects that we will be advancing. So a little more insight to that when we get the decision back from the PSCW in that April time frame for inclusion of that most likely like we talked about a second quarter filing. The third and probably last piece of that rate filing is really to address the anticipated recovery for the Edgewater coal facility that will be retired by the end of 2022. So we think this is the appropriate time for us to come in for a rate filing and we will give you some more indication of the one, two or three years most likely when we get to the next earnings call in May:
Robert Durian: Yes. Maybe just one brief item to help with the clarification of the timing. So we have obviously announced the timing for the Edgewater facility retirement by the end of 2022 and now the Columbia by the end of 2024. The other piece of the puzzle is the West Riverside options and we are still working through the exact timing on those. So once we have that, like John said, we expect to have better clarity by the end of the year. And so I think we will get some more updates on the CapEx implications, the timings of the resources sometime in the second half of 2021 here.
Robert Durian: Andy, good to hear from you. Yes. I would characterize our rate base growth is much in line with our earnings growth. We are not expecting any new common equity for the foreseeable future. So, we think we can manage the business appropriately to achieve our 5% to 7% EPS targets without having much of an impact on customer bills over the long run. And maybe just to add a couple more categories to the information John shared, we still have repowering [ph] on our insights that I would say is probably more in the second half of this decade.  And then we really don't have much of any storage built into our CapEx plans at this point. We do have some smaller, I would say, pilot programs that we are using but there is also some further opportunity there. And then lastly, we have got a series of coal plants still in Iowa that we haven't announced the timing of any potential retirement. So if we think of that over the next 10 or 15 years, that will likely create some capacity needs for us that would provide some additional growth for us.
Robert Durian: I mean right now we are probably replacing our system at the normal replacement rate of maybe 2% of the total system on an annual basis. We have roughly about 43,000 miles of line. About a fourth of it is underground and about three-fourths of it is overhead at this point. And like John said, only about 5% of it is at the 25 KV level at this point in time. So when you think about costs for putting stuff, for example underground, you are probably talking a couple hundred thousand dollars a mile at least, depending on whether it's in town or in the country. So a lot of opportunity for us. We don't absolutely set a quantification of the exact dollars that you will see in the future. But that's really part of the flexible plan that we have that as we have all of this generation opportunities in the near term, we pushed some of that out. But we see a great opportunity maybe in the second half of this decade into the following decade for those types of expenditures and a good long runway to the growth that we are targeting.
