Alex Morgan: Hi, good morning. This is Alex Morgan calling in for Julien. Thank you so much for taking my question and congratulations on the results. 
Alex Morgan: No problem. So, I want to check in specifically on O&M. I know that, you mentioned in the prepared remarks, a little bit about some expenses that you are going to cut to be able to balance under the COVID impacts. But I was wondering if you could talk really specifically about O&M and how you were factoring that in originally in 2020 and then, maybe the year-over-year expectation now? Thank you so much. 
Alex Morgan: Thank you. And one more question from me. I was wondering around the Wisconsin filings is, you could maybe provide a little more commentary on your expectations if you expect interveners to understand the filing and to largely be okay with that, especially with being able to use some of those fuel savings to balance off the rate base increase.  I am definitely interested in hearing about that. And then, potentially any expectation around timing, when we might be able to see final results? And that’s it for me. Thank you so much again.
John Larsen: Sure. Great, Alex. So, we had a number of items that bringing 580 megawatts of wind or Riverside. So we had some O&M increases in coming into 2020 and we had some offsets as well. So we were expecting it to be relatively flat coming into the year. Certainly, with the COVID impacts, we know, we have to further reduce – the good news here is, we had a lot of work internally on planning for cost reduction.  So we will see some acceleration of plans that we had. Certainly this isn’t the first time we had to react for our company during economic downturns. So we will take a look, there are a number of levers that we have to reduce costs. So we would see addressing that here – this year and maybe for a few more details, I’ll see if Robert wants to add a couple of points. 
John Larsen: Yes, great. And certainly important that we may be start out thinking about. We’ve had great productive conversations with our regulators and interveners thinking about getting ready for not only the stabilization filing, but also work that we are doing on our clean energy blueprint. So a lot of work going in and I would say that we’ve always had a very collaborative and transparent process.  So, there are a number of levers and as we put forward, now is the right time to think about introducing a couple of these important projects, our Kossuth project namely is one of those that would be able to put forward, as well as our West Riverside. And then have a number of these offsets that could keep customer rates flat.  So we’ve had a lot of productive discussions, felt that went well, and we appreciate that. And as far as timing, Alex, I would – I think we are looking at maybe roughly third quarter and timing obviously that’s subject to making sure we have all the information and respond to questions that the regulators have. But we feel comfortable with the filing. We think it’s the right thing to do for customers. 
John Larsen: Yes, Andrew, John here. Certainly, we see minimal – as we noted minimal in Q1. We certainly see Q2 as being the major impact right now and then having a gradual, but slow trajectory for the balance of the year.  Certainly recognize that's not necessarily going to be linear. We know there is going to be some ups and downs. So we've done quite a bit of scenario planning and think of it as an aggregate of a number of what if plans put together as Robert noted, then comes to around that 5% overall decline. 
John Larsen: Yes, Michael, just based on the timing for this one year stabilization. Nothing more than it is a base timing assumption. 
Robert Durian: Yes, Alex. Maybe to give you some sense, so coming into the year, we expected as John indicated, maybe just a slight decrease in O&M, but we are going to benefit from the fact that our pension costs are expected to be lower in 2020, largely because of the favorable returns we saw in 2019.  And as John indicated, the remainder of the decrease was largely related to elimination of discretionary spending. Think of that as cost we incur for travel and employee expenses that have been suspended at a point in time, as well as some contractors that we are no longer going to pursue.  And then, as John also indicated, part of that is acceleration in some of the planned transformation activities where we are going through and reevaluating processes across the organization that gained some efficiencies and automate some of our plants. So, we feel well positioned to be able to execute on those and offset these sales declines.
Robert Durian: That is correct. And so part of our filing requested the ability to go back into the later dates and potentially use some of the regulatory liabilities that we've accumulated through cost reductions including fuel cost sharing mechanisms and ROE sharing mechanisms to be able to offset any potential impacts on 2021 sales demand because of COVID-19.  Because we don’t know the exact impacts from that yet next year, we’ll likely able to tell – again probably later into the year. We just asked for the ability to come back into the later point of addressing them. 
Robert Durian: Yes, I think you could probably look very – at the slide that we put out there, it has the breakdown between the increase in the residential sales and the decrease in commercial and industrial sales. So think of that profile is pretty consistent.  So we do expect some increase in the residential side and then the opposite to the commercial and industrial segment. Residential is probably going to be a net 3% to 5% positive and the commercial and industrial are likely be around the 10% to 13% that that we identified. 
Robert Durian: Yes, that's just for the second quarter and then will have a slow recovery through the remainder of the year. So you can look at the direction on the residential. 
Robert Durian: Yes. Great question. Thanks, Michael. One thing to keep in mind. We do have our range and guidance weather-normalized. So this is important to keep that in mind. But as we thought about reaffirming and we certainly have a target for being at the midpoint of that guidance, weather-normalized. 
Robert Durian: Correct. We do plan on offsetting the COVID-19 impacts. So at the end of the year when you look at our temperature-normalized non-GAAP EPS, we'll be targeting that midpoint of the current guidance range of 2.1.
