Patricia Kampling: Thanks, Sue. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. 2018 was another excellent year for our company and I'm happy to share our financial results with you today. Our 2018 financial results did benefit from higher sales due to more extreme temperatures than normal. Our non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.17 include a $0.06 net benefit from temperatures. When we normalize for temperature, our adjusted earnings per share of $2.11 is 6% above last year as shown on slide two. 2018 was the fifth year in a row that we achieved at least 5% to 7% earnings per share growth and increased our dividend by at least 6%. I am also reaffirming our 2019 earnings guidance midpoint of $2.24 per share and our long-term earnings growth guidance of 5% to 7% re-based off our 2018 temperate normalized results. Our long-term growth guidance through 2022 is supported by our capital expenditure plans, modest sales growth, constructive regulatory outcomes and assumes normal temperatures. Now on March 1st, we plan to file our first future test year of rate reviews in Iowa. For electric customers a 2018 test year will be used for interim rates and a 2020 future test year for final rates. For gas customers, they will be based only on the 2020 future test year. Under Iowa statutes, rate reviews must generally be decided within 10 months. Therefore we expect final orders in both the electric and gas reviews by year end. As I shared with you previously, the electric rate review will include recovery of our significant investments in wind energy, enhancements to our distribution network and upgrades to customer service technologies. Interim rates based on a 2018 test your will also include known and measurable rate base additions that occur by the end of the first quarter. Since the English Farms and Upland Prairie Wind Farms are expected to be in service in late March, interim electric rates will be effective on April 1st so those projects can be included. Customers will receive the benefits of reduced fuel costs and PTCs from the windfarms concurrent with the implementation of interim rate. We will also be requesting modifications to simplify our rates and to reduce the huge variance in summer and winter pricing that has frustrated our customers for decades. We will also be proposing new product offerings for customers interested in partnering with us and their renewable energy efforts. And we are requesting a renewable energy rider which would allow recovery of new investments in renewable energy when they are placed in service if the project has already received advanced rate making approval. While the base rate increase and the benefits from lower fuel costs and PTCs will vary by customer class, the overall net impact on electric customer bills will be in the low to mid single digits. Further details will be available after the filing is made next week. I must acknowledge that our financial and operational results are achieved through the hard work and dedication of my served employees. These employees proudly serve customers each and every day and safely restore service no matter the conditions. This past year brought many challenging days, including dealing with major flooding, blizzards, ice storms, tornadoes and extreme temperatures. And during the recent polar vortex, I am pleased to report that our systems held up well, and our employees were able to maintain gas and electric system integrity and reliability. So on behalf of our customers and investors, I'd like to thank all of our employees for providing excellent service even in the toughest conditions. Now to summarize, I'm very pleased with our 2018 accomplishments and our team is committed to again delivering on our financial and operational goals for 2019. We have a great track record and we'll continue to deliver results as we focus on the following, completing our large construction projects on time and at or below budget in a very sustainable and safe manner, advancing affordable and cleaner energy through substantial investments in wind, construction of our West Riverside Energy Center and additional fossil plant retirements, delivering on 5% to 7 % earnings growth guidance and a 60% to 70 % common dividend payout target. And we will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. Before I turn the call over to John, I'd like to congratulate him on being named my successor effective July 1st. I am so proud of what we've accomplished at Alliant Energy in my seven years as CEO and I know that under John's leadership the company will continue to thrive. Congratulations, John. With that, I'll turn the call over to John to provide updates on several of our key strategic priorities.
Patricia Kampling: Yes, I'll answer that one. At a high level, we're still working with the regulators in Iowa on what the rate cases should look like going forward. This future test year, the one that we'll be filing next week is really the first case that will be using these new guidelines. So we'll be talking with them. One of the things they did do in our case is, they do want electric and gas to be filed separately, although the procedure will be the same. So we're just working on this case and let's see what it can look like going forward. So good discussions happening in the state.
Patricia Kampling: And Angie, we have constant dialogue with our transmission provider in Iowa, as well just to make sure that our planning assumptions are aligned and we prioritize the work together. So there is ongoing dialogue in Iowa on the work that's being done as well.
John Larsen: Thank you, Pat. My thanks as well for your thoughtful leadership and the strong relationships you have developed across our company, industry and investor community. We wish you all the best as you transition into a well-deserved retirement. Good morning everyone. 2018 was a solid year for Alliant Energy, both financially and operationally. Pat provided a great overview of our key accomplishments. I'll focus my comments on key operational achievements, and Robert will address financial outcomes and regulatory matters. I'm pleased to report that our investments in renewables, natural gas and grid operations are resulting in improved reliability and lower carbon intensity. Our fossil fuel generation capacity factors and grid reliability improved by nearly 10% compared to our five-year average. And most importantly, our 2018, safety performance improved significantly compared to the previous year. Our focus will be to continue making the necessary investments to deliver safe, reliable and cleaner energy to our customers. We began the transition of our generation portfolio to a greener and more efficient fleet nearly a decade ago. This transition started with the retirements of our smaller, less efficient fossil fuel generation stations and the start of our utility-owned wind additions. In 2016, The Iowa Utility Board approved the first 500 of our 1,000 megawatt planned wind additions in Iowa and in 2018, the remaining 500 megawatts was approved. Of the 1,000 megawatts of approved new Iowa wind, we are on track to bring 470 megawatts into service next month, and the remaining 530 megawatts in 2020. In Wisconsin, we're making great progress on our 730 megawatt West Riverside Energy Center. This highly efficient natural gas resource is over 70% complete and expected to go into service by the end of this year. In 2018, we advanced renewable energy in Wisconsin with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin approval to purchase 55 megawatts of the Forward Energy Wind Center and the approval to construct a 150 megawatt wind farm in Kossuth County, Iowa. We continue to power what's next as we advance our clean energy vision. In 2018, we installed environmental controls at two generating stations, retired 480 megawatts of capacity and advanced decommissioning efforts at four facilities in our Iowa business. We now have permanently retired approximately 30% of our fossil fuel generation capacity since 2005, and by 2050, we will eliminate all existing coal from our energy mix. Once facilities are decommissioned, we are restoring and redeveloping the land. Rain gardens, pollinator habitats and sites for solar panels are just some of the ways that we are sustainably reusing our assets. A great example of this is in Beloit, Wisconsin. This year Beloit College will open their Powerhouse facility. The college is repurposing our decommissioned Blackhawk Generating Station into a state-of-the-art student center. These are just a few examples of how we are putting our core value of act for tomorrow into practice. Thank you for your interest in Alliant Energy. I will now turn the call over to Robert.
John Larsen: That is correct, Andrew, yes. Consistent with our previous communications, we plan on providing investors the 2020 equity amount in the second half of this year. After we have some more insight into the IPL capital structure for 2012, that will be decided in the upcoming rate filing.
John Larsen: Yes. Hi, Angie, this is John. We certainly continue to look at solar as opportunities for our customers and when that makes sense. That will certainly play into our resource mix. So just like we had with our early wind developments, we are in solar development phase right now, taking a look at opportunities. So we'll continue to look at that and we're encouraged by the dropping in pricing.
John Larsen: Yes. This time our primary focus would be solar that would make sense in our ongoing resource planning.
John Larsen: Yes. Angie, this is John. Certainly taking a look at those options where we can have lower cost installations by either avoiding some of the transmission costs or placing that in locations where the transmission element is smaller. It obviously puts us toward the lowest cost solution for our customers. So we continue to look at those options.
Robert Durian: Yes, Nick, this is Robert. So, as you probably recall, when we filed the gas case for test year 2017 in Iowa, and we requested a higher equity layer and received through a settlement agreement approval from the IUB to raise that up to 51%. So I would use that as a long-term projection for the 5% to 7% EPS growth.
Robert Durian: Yes. Nick, based on the capital expenditure program that we shared with the investment community back in November, with the exception of some small amounts to the share redirect plan, which usually average about $25 million a year. We're not expecting any major equity beyond 2020.
Robert Durian: Hi, Angie, this is Robert. So-yes, I would say we're actively involved with the FERC filing. We've provided comments to that filing and our interested in answering the appropriate levels of ROE, given that does have a direct impact on our customer bills. So you should expect us to be very involved in that process and look forward to get into a good resolution with the FERC at some point here in the future.
