Robert Durian: Yeah, thanks Shar. This is Robert. So think of those will be separate proceedings. So we'll go through the process with the 2022 fuel costs, validating the prudency of those costs. And then most likely starting maybe even later this year, the recovery process of those costs. Regarding the rate case in Wisconsin, think of that as a separate process. Most likely, we'll file that sometime in early second quarter. And we'll be identifying what those recoveries for really, what I would say is very transparent rate base additions that we've been signaling to the commission for some time. That rate case is largely going be centered around the solar projects, the 1,100 megawatts that they've been talking about, especially moving from tax equity to full ownership. So that on top of the battery projects that I mentioned in my prepared remarks, are going to be the key rate base drivers. And so that is going to be well transparent with the commission and we think that will go over pretty well. As far as the increases for customers' bills, we're targeting single-digit percentages for 2024 and 2025 when you factor in all of those pieces, including what we see is some nice benefits, as far as fuel cost reductions from those solar projects will be putting into service as well as the tax benefits.
Robert Durian: Yeah, Julien, thank you for that. We're looking at a bunch of different options right now as far as spreading those fuel cost recoveries over multiple years, really to help as I indicated before, manage the customer bills to reasonable levels as far as increases over the next couple of years.
Robert Durian: Yeah, when we think about how we're approaching that or maybe talk a little bit about the procedures that we have been through since the last time we talked in the -- in the third quarter call. So, in December of 2022, the IUB did grant us the authority to move -- basically reconsider the 200 megawatts of solar at the Duane Arnold sites. But they did not allow us to reconsider the second 200 megawatts of solar. Really what they were looking for there is some more specific details on the location of the projects that hadn't been identified yet. And so when we took the opportunity then in January to do is provide all the information the IUB was requesting, including evidence that now demonstrates a pretty comprehensive record that shows that our projects are the most cost effective and reasonable solutions for the customers, when you compare them to some of the other alternative sources of supply that are available. As part of that process, we really didn't have a pathway forward for the second 200 megawatts of solar or 75 megawatts of battery. So we filed a judicial review to allow us to move that forward, and continue to progress that as far as the opportunity for the advance remaking principles. So as part of kind of the most recent developments with that earlier this week, the IUB issued an order really causing the decision to let the traditional process to move forward, and we expect the IUB -- we'll be making a filing or filing some information with the courts, most likely by the first part of March and after which, then we'll most likely be making some -- also some filings on that. And I kind of think of these, as all procedural steps to really allow us to continue to move forward with the process to be able to get those advanced banking principles. I think it's really important for us to highlight that we remain committed to these projects. We think they're great projects for our customers and they're very cost effective. So we're confident in our ability to move forward with them, but we have to go through these procedural steps to really allow us the opportunity to have those advanced rate purchases.
Robert Durian: Yes. Nick, this is Robert. So there's no definitive time frame regarding the judicial process, but we have asked for expedited review is how I'd characterize it. Largely because as we continue to move forward with these projects, like a lot of the other utilities, we are seeing costs continue to increase. So we have a desire to try and get these in, as soon as possible to make them as cost effective as possible for our customers. But there is no definitive time frame, but we'll be continuing to work closely with both the IUB as well as the judicial process to try and get these done as quickly as possible.
Robert Durian: Yes. Nick, when we look at, I'll say, AEC as an entire company, specifically at the FFO to debt metric, we are slightly below the targeted level for AEC, largely because of the timing of those fuel cost recoveries, as well as some additional solar construction costs. We incurred financing on, in 2022 as a result of pivoting away from a tax equity partnership to full ownership. . We expect those credit metrics to improve materially when you look out about 12 months. As we begin to recover those fuel costs as well as we get to the next rate case in Wisconsin where we'll start recovering those additional solar costs as well. So we feel very confident about the ability, like I said, within the next 12 month window to be able to improve those metrics. We're also cautiously optimistic that as early as 2023, we might be able to start realizing the benefits of our tax credits that have available to be sold now into the market as a result of the IRA. So a lot of positive developments we see over the next 12 months when it comes to those credit metrics.
Robert Durian: Yes, Andrew, I would think of it, as we'll continue to work the process with the advanced rate making principles over the next few months. We still have a little bit of time, I would characterize to be able to get through that process, and not need to start those construction projects. But once we get to the second half of this year, I would expect that we'll be starting the construction. And hopefully, we'll have all of the RPU process that's completed, and get an answer from the IUB to support them.
Robert Durian: No, we would expect that we'll be locking in the ROE before construction starts. We need to, like I said, follow those procedural steps to make that happen. But I don't think that we'll be starting that construction until we have better clarity on that.
Robert Durian: Yeah Alex, this is Robert. So think of that $100 million to $200 million was identified as the 2023 number, which we picked the midpoint there of $150 million. As we complete the construction of the 1,100 megawatts of solar in Wisconsin, we continue to add up to 350 megawatts of new battery projects. Those tax credits actually get probably closer to $300 million to $400 million on an annual basis. And think of that over probably once you get to the 2025 time frame, you'll see those types of levels. So -- so that's what gives us a lot of optimism about future cash flow opportunities, when it comes to the transferability of these tax credits.
Robert Durian: Yeah, right now for AEC, our consolidated group, think of that in that 14% to 15% range, and we expect to be at that point, like I said, in the next 12 months in that 2024 time frame.
Robert Durian: I think that's a reasonable estimation of the time line. When we think about the second half of 2023 and the start of construction, we're looking for the opportunity to get through all of the IUB and introduce a reuse by that point in time. We don't have complete control over that. But again, we're going to petition the fact that our expeditious review of this will really help support our customers and bring it in those cost-effective solutions for them quicker. So, I think your time frame is, generally speaking, a good one.
Robert Durian: Yeah. I would say there is a strong need for capacity when you think about as we project out and as part of our resource planning with the retirement of our Lansing coal plants here in the first half of 2023. We know we need additional resources. We think these are the best resource options for us. But if they're not supported by the process that we're going through, we do have other potential avenues for capacity resources that we'll need to put into place.
John Larsen: Yeah. I think you've got the number right, Shar on the -- on the IRA benefits. So, I think that's -- it really hasn't changed a whole lot. The one thing I'd add is, given our continued focus on solar and renewables, we do think we'll be one of the early adopters and beneficiaries of the IRA with the projects we have in flight right now.
John Larsen: Yeah. Maybe I'll take the coal supply part. We've done a lot of work on a number of fronts in 2022, Shar, and even a bit ahead of that on the coal supply. So, we feel in very good shape as we go forward on the coal supply and maybe I'll let Robert if you want to talk a little bit about -- more on the fuel part.
John Larsen: Yes, Julien, we signaled by the first half of 2024. But think of it as the timing with the next rate case is going to be about our next CapEx that we have, and Robert talked about that with solar. Right now, the current schedule of those solar projects are in service by end of 2024. So if you think of those as tied together, but we'll tighten up that time frame as the year progresses.
John Larsen: Yes. Andrew, I'd say we're -- we feel well positioned for the filing that we have. So it really isn't a change for us. We've used what we call our Clean Energy Blueprint process to be very transparent on the projects that we'll have. And in fact, many of them have already been in front of the commission or vetted and very strong cost management. So we understand the balance with affordability. As far as settlement, it's certainly always a possibility as we think about filing. We're certainly well positioned, if we'll go through the entire process, but also see the opportunity for potential settlement along the way.
John Larsen: Yeah. What I had shared was, we'll communicate it by the first half of 2024. And again, as we noted, that's going to be tied to the final timing of our solar projects within IPL.
