Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and on the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer as well as other members of the senior management team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release this morning announcing Alliant Energy's year end 2012 earnings, and affirmed 2013 earnings guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call are available on the investor page of our website at www.alliantenergy.com. . Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued this morning and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliations between the non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the supplemental slides which are available on our website at www.alliantenergy.com. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Susan Gille: Sure at the beginning of the call we mentioned that the new base of the 2012 non-GAAP revised earnings so that number is $2.93 per share and we should go out five years and its five years.
Susan Gille: Yes, Brian we are going to see the cash benefit in 2015 and that's because of our annual NOL. However we will see a rate base reduction in 2014 and 2015 of 20 and $60 million. So if we would just look at that in isolation that's what we would see In terms of the rate base reduction compared to the information we've previously shared.
Susan Gille: There is two RFPs processes so I apologize if I go back in history a little bit. We recently did an RFP process to see if there was a better alternative to the market Marshalltown facility and that's when the DAAC proposal was put on the table as well. There is another RFP process going on right now for the construction of the facility and that's still underway.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, that concludes our call. A replay will be available through February 21, 2013 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. and Canada, or 719-457-0820 for international. Caller should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition, an archive of the conference call and a script of prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the investors section of the company's website later today. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions. 
Pat Kampling: Brian, I wish I could give you timing at this point but we really can't. We'll be working with all the interested parties and make sure that we get to conclusion on this, but I don’t want to commit some time frame at this point.
Pat Kampling: We would need to file a case a year from now and then likely file another case before 2017. So we would want to…
Pat Kampling: That's why we considered a rate stabilization plan. Yes that's definitely our preference because we do not like the volatility on our customer's base rates.
Pat Kampling: Yes, we'll be working on that this year. Again, Brian had the same question, I really can’t commit to any time frame but we will need to get this done before, before February of 2014, but our goal would be to get something done this year. I just can’t commit to a time frame at this point. 
Pat Kampling: Yes, the testimony will be filed today and the hearing's on, if you look at schedule 9 in the attached slides hearing's on May 21st.
Pat Kampling: Yes, you know Steve, we actually consider this our strategy so we are relating the issues, however we stated that the rate stabilization plan would like to go through on the date when the Marshalltown plant will be in service. So it will not be including a rate stabilization due to this facility itself, but up to that point.
Pat Kampling: The information that I can provide is that the interested parties are well aware of our intentions here and the goal is to stabilize rates for our customers. I really cannot say much more than that at this point.
