John Larsen: Yeah. Great. Hey, Shar [ph] John here and appreciate the question. Certainly is topical. No doubt about that. Maybe I'll start with, if you recall on the let call, we mentioned some of the planning work we did last fall, when we faced a similar petition. So team took a look at that, made some adjustments to our projects and we accelerated some material deliveries and kept these sites moving, if you will. That's helped us, put us in a really good position for our '22 and also those planned for the first part of '23. So as you noted, the focus is for those call it in the tail end of '23. So I think Robert maybe put a little bit of context around the megawatts and to your point about how we think about the capital impact of that.
John Larsen: Yeah, I think, Shar, we certainly remain committed to that. There's clearly some I think it's a tail of some headwinds and tailwinds here. We've seen some load growth that's there. WE'VE had some great O&M, but as you note the impact to that and adjustments we'd have to make we would've to certainly factor that in as well, but off to a good start. Certainly a big part of our business planning is around contingencies for that back half of '23 projects as you noted.
John Larsen: Yeah, certainly there are impacts of inflation and cost of goods. As you know, there's no question about it, but as you know, we put in place our cost reduction efforts in mitigation. Now we've been on this for a few years and we've had a lot of good momentum going into this year. So that's certainly helpful. It's a lot harder to be on that negative trajectory when you have some of those pressures. We still have some of these cost reductions, labor and others that are yet in front of us. They will be perhaps dampened a bit by some of these inflationary costs. I don't know if you want to add anything to that, Robert, but it's certainly an area we're going to have to just keep very, very sharp focused Shar.
John Larsen: Yeah Julian, John here. I might, start on the cost reduction. We still have a long term declining O&M trajectory and certain years it might be more than others. I think some of the offsets with inflation, it doesn't mean that we can't still achieve declining O&M because that's our focus. And we tend to be a little conservative on that as well as you noted, but on the sales forecast, we were probably in that 0% to 1%, but we're seeing with our internal forecast and if you recall over the previous years, we were probably more in the 0% to 0.5%, but we're starting to see that climb and towards that 1% or greater. So it's a sign of some great rebound that we've seen from COVID. There's always been some great strength in our Ag businesses and we've seen some pickup in advanced manufacturing. Now we're seeing that in sectors like education, hospitality, transportation, others that had still lagged a bit during COVID have come back through the tail end of last year and into this year. So it's really a good story. And I noted a lot of great interest on the economic development front. So we tend to wait a bit before we start adjusting our internal trend lines, if you will, but it's off to a very -- it's been off to a solid start here for a number of quarters.
John Larsen: Well, it certainly, I think part of that, but these businesses find a way to be very efficient in what they do as well. So I think the point is it looks like it could be even more sustainable as maybe I would put it that way, but smart businesses and they know how to run efficiently but it's a net positive
John Larsen: Yeah, Michael, maybe I'll say it. I can assure you, we've done a lot of scenario planning on that and maybe it's not to get into too specific here, because there's a range of outcomes. We took some early action to have some very quality panel pricing and contracts. So it's just a matter of maybe if that clarity is there, that's certainly a good outcome. Pricing may have to be factored in, but when you look at the range of alternatives, these projects are going to make sense. There's a strong need. We've been talking about demand growth, a need for renewable. So that path and what we do is likely not really in question. It's just a matter of probably getting the certainty of what that pricing, if any change and maybe a little bit more on just the scheduling. What we'll do on our end is be well prepared for the sites. So when they arrive, obviously we can be very, very expeditious at getting them installed, which is what we did back last fall when we thought about our 22 projects. So hard to certainly handicap all of those outcomes, but maybe give you a little caller on how we're thinking about it.
John Larsen: Yeah, there's interesting developments when it comes to the pension plan information. So we benefit from the fact that interest rates are rising, because that lowers our obligation. But the plan performance, obviously with the stock market being relatively flat this year doesn't meet our expectations as far as earnings on the plant assets. So when you combine those two together, we could see some, I would say modest increases in pension plan expenses for 2023. As you indicated in our WPL rate case, we have a deferral mechanism such that if our pension costs succeed, what was set in the 2023 rate case levels, we were able to defer those costs. So we won't see any know impact Iowa side because we haven't been in for a rate case for a while. That would be something that we would have to offset as far as any impacts on 2023.
John Larsen: Yeah. Hey, Andrew, John here. I'd say this is first of all, large part of efforts we've been doing as we've been transitioning from specific large projects, as we've talked about having a little more kind of bite sized in-service capital. So it's part of our planning to really have earnings more stable throughout the quarters instead of having primarily it was Q3 with just weather. So rather than translate that into a, Q1 times four in a different outcome. We've really tried to manage that. So still feel very comfortable with the guidance range that we've had and this is a little bit more about how we planned our investments and our in our rate case planning.
John Larsen: It's certainly a bit stronger and I think I'd point to the sales was the primary positive upside on that Andrew, Okay.
John Larsen: Yeah, you're usually seeing probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 30% to 40% that's funded through tax equity partnership structures.
John Larsen: Yeah. So we would be looking at that as part of our call it 24, 25 rate case planning activities, Andy. So there would likely be some capital expenditures that if these things were delayed longer than expected that we would be replacing this solar CapEx with different CapEx. To your point, it could be electric distribution spend. It could be other resources that we think about to meet the growing demand of our customers. And so that would all factor into our rate case planning activities to ensure that we put together a plan that's in the best interest of our customers and ensure that we recovery of that is part of our next case process.
John Larsen: Yeah. I don’t go into the math on the numbers exactly Andy, but I think you're thinking about it correctly.
John Larsen: Well, I think that's fair Andy. There would be I'll characterize it as a short term or we may be on the lower end of that range is how I characterize it. But over the long term, we still feel good about the 5% to 7%. 
John Larsen: Yeah. So first off there is no tariffs assumed in the 1600 per KW CA2 cost target. And what we would do is if we did see some additional costs above and beyond, what's in the CA2 target, we'd be sharing that with the commission similar to what we did with CA1 and CA2. As we went through the process, we've been keeping them informed. We've been very transparent about the economic conditions and inflation impacts on these solar projects. So it'd be a communication they would see throughout the next several quarters as we see information change, we'll share that with them. And at the end of the day, what'll happen is this information will be factored to our next rate case if there are any cost increases and we'll be going through a review of that and getting approval of that with the next rate case
John Larsen: Ross. John here, maybe I'd say, it's not certainly atypical to go back if the there's a prudent cost increase on projects, we'd go back and work that through the process with our regulators. I think the real question is do the projects still make sense for customers, which I think Robert had noted compared to alternatives and the need that we have, the capacity need that we have, these are very strong projects. It's not necessarily something where you want the cost to increase, but they still make sense for our customers and we feel that's still gonna be a pretty strong story. I think the point about which panels, we've got to kind of take a look if there's different panels and different price out there, but we feel very good about the contracts we have in place and that's kind of a to be determined. So I don't want to get too far ahead on that part of it.
Robert Durian: Yeah, good morning, Shar. As John noted, we took, yeah, we took actions after the first petition in 2021 to mitigate the impacts of the potential tariffs. And we've made really good progress in securing panels through the first quarter of this year. So as we pivoted also to source panels from some of our projects that would not be subject to the tariffs. As a result, we do not expect significant impacts to the 325 megawats of WPL solar projects that we expect to put into service later this year, as well as we don't expect any significant impacts to approximately 250 megawats of the earlier projects in 2023. So we're going to continue to monitor the department of commerce investigation over the next couple quarters here and continue to work with our developers and our solar panels to mitigate the impacts on the timing for what I would characterize as the remaining 500 megawats that John indicated was in the kind of the latter half of 2023.
Robert Durian: Yeah. Maybe the best data point I can give you is compare it back to the regulatory approvals and the updated information we've shared as part of the CA1 projects. Those are the ones that we're going to be putting into service here in 2022. So we did update back in July of last year, the commission and let them know that we did see some cost increases roughly in that call it 10% increase range, and that puts it likely in the call it 1400 per KW for those projects. Since then we've continued to see escalations in price, but we still think we're probably around that in the 1400 for those first CA projects. And then with these second CA projects that we just received verbal approval for yesterday, that's in the call it 1600 per KW range. So with that said, those prices are still attractive for us when we think about alternatives for us to provide resources for our customers demand growth. So we still feel very committed to doing these and moving forward with them and what I would characterize as good projects with great pricing. Right now, what we're just trying to figure out is the exact timing of when we may be able to get those in service based on this department of commerce ongress investigation.
Robert Durian: Yeah, I might add Andrew. On the sales, there's two factors to that. One is the temperature impacts, which was about $0.03 per share. The other was the temperature normalized sales growth being better than expected. So when you combine those two we're probably about $0.05 more than we originally expected in our initial plan. And so you're right in noticing that there was an increase, but keep in mind also on the temperature side, we normally exclude that for purposes of what we're trying to target with the midpoint of our guidance.
Robert Durian: So a couple different pieces to that puzzle so to speak. When you look at our different mechanisms in Iowa right now, where we see probably some more near term impacts going directly back to customers is we've got a renewable energy rider, as you recall, with the 1,000 megawats of wind that we put in service in 2019 and 2020. That tax rate change once we see that would actually translate into some lower costs that we would pass through that rider. We also expect some positive benefits as a result of the transmission costs that we receive. And the fact that those costs will be lower and that will pass through our transmission rider immediately to customers. The remaining piece we're currently developing plans on how we would actually address that. There's no definitive mechanisms at this point but we're working with the regulators in Iowa to try and figure out a plan to be able to address that and figure out how we're going to give those back to customers by the time we get back to the next rate case.
Robert Durian: Still to be determined? Yeah, no, we'll still be working on that. We'll not have a sense really how big this is until we get to the fourth quarter and actually see the rates. So it's still a little early to really know if we're talking about material amount here yet or not. And so in the meantime, we'll be working on some plans to share with the regulators on how to do that.
Andrew Levi: Okay. Okay. And then out of the $800 how much do you think would be backed off for tax equity? So just trying to figure out rate based impact.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So, would we take 30% to 40% off of the $800 to get the kind of rate based CapEx effect or not.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And that's $500 whatever million dollars is that over '23 and '24 or was that all in '23 by the end of '23? So really a '24 earnings impact.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So let me just cut to the chase then. I understand all the things you said about sales and other mitigation aspects and the things maybe the better you can do, like done math, done rate based math. But kind of when this was occurring a couple quarters ago, real position was you were going to push it out and then replace it with other CapEx. And I don't know if that's part of the plan, because I think Julie kind of asked the question, but should we expect for whatever reason doesn't matter what the reason or what our views are that this can't be built till, I don't know, '25 because there's so much noise or the costs go up or whatever the case is that there is $500 million in incremental CapEx in '23, let's say '24 to substitute for that solar.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So it sounds like you're to recover the solar if I'm not mistaken that if there is material delay, that there could be, I don't know if it kind of be rough math, $15 million to $20 million of like net income that would need to be made up in the interim, right through that kind of bridge year bridge being '23 first half '24 to offset any major relations. So that was a way to look at it.
Andrew Levi: Okay. That's exact. Maybe that was the question I should just add one question instead of all these other questions, that's just me, so, okay. But thank you that makes very much. Have a great weekend.
