John Larsen: Thank you, Zach. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2021 was another successful year of growth, solid operations, and strong financial performance. I want to thank our talented and dedicated employees for all they do to help us deliver on our purpose, to serve customers and build stronger communities. It shows in how we work each day, and in our results. I'm humbled by their efforts, and proud to be part of the Alliant Energy team, my sincere thank you to our team. Yesterday, we announced 2021 GAAP earnings of $2.63 per share, compared to $2.47 per share in 2020, finishing the year at the top of our guidance range. Excluding temperature and non-recurring items, our earnings per share were up 7% from 2020. This was our third straight year of delivering 7% EPS growth, and the 19th year of consecutive dividend increases. This consistent growth, driven by solid execution and operational results, showcases the resilience and flexibility of our employees, our strategy, and our company. I'll highlight a few of our many strategic and operational achievements from the year, then turn it over to Robert who will provide more details on our solid financial and regulatory outcomes. From the start of last year, with Winter Storm Uri, to the heat waves experienced during the summer months, our employees weathered each and every storm to keep delivering safe, reliable, and affordable energy to our customers. And our customers noticed as we earned the second-highest increase in year-over-year J.D. Power's residential electric customer satisfaction scores among large utilities. 2021 was also the first full year of operations for our 1,050 megawatts of new wind, delivering clean, reliable, and affordable electricity for our customers. Our forward-thinking and renewable investments also led us to develop our comprehensive clean energy blueprints for Iowa and for Wisconsin, which continue to showcase our commitment to providing a thoughtful path to a clean energy future. Also in 2021, we made tremendous progress on advancing the solar and energy storage aspects of our clean energy blueprints. The customer-focused and transparent planning by our teams led to successful regulatory outcomes, and positions us well for straightforward execution. We received approval for our first certificate of authority for 675 megawatts of solar, in Wisconsin, and have advanced into the construction phase. We also filed for an additional 114 megawatts of solar for our customers in Wisconsin, and 475 megawatts of solar and battery storage for our customers in Iowa. Both filings are expected to be decided in 2022. I'd also like to note that our teams were well prepared, and continue to navigate through difficult global supply chain issues. And while these supply chain issues are not over, the proactive efforts by our talented team, along with leveraging our strong partnerships, have resulted in solid progress on panel and equipment deliveries, resulting in an increase in our capital investment plan. Robert will be sharing more details about this positive news later in the call. Our efforts to build stronger communities were also on full display this past year. While theres are many examples I could share, I'll take a little time and highlight a few for you now. Alliant Energy was once again named the top utility in economic development by Site Selection Magazine. Site Selection credits our economic development team in collaboration with local, regional, and state partners with delivering more than $900 million in new capital investment, and more than 2,200 jobs, in 2021. We were honored to receive the award and proud of all we've accomplished to help bring new jobs and continued investment to our communities. Another way we're making things better in our communities is our pledge to plant one million trees by the end of 2030. These trees will grow to provide shade, reduce greenhouse gases, and improve water quality. And we're off to a great start, planting thousands of trees at community events from Ripon, Wisconsin, to Cedar Rapids, Iowa, it's just another way we are living our value of acting for tomorrow. We also help to build stronger communities by nurturing a culture of diversity, equity, and inclusion. This past year, we earned a perfect score on the Corporate Equality Index issued by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation. And they named us the best place to work, for the fifth year in a row. And we were proud to be named to Newsweek Magazine's most responsible companies for the second year in a row, and we made Forbes America's Best Midsize Employers list for the fourth year in a row. 2021 was an excellent year for our company, our customers and our communities. We look forward to building on that momentum in 2022, and thank you for your continued interest in Alliant Energy. And I'll now turn the call over to Robert.
John Larsen: Yes, appreciate the question. And we are still very comfortable with the 5% to 7%. Think of it as sales would be one of those drivers for me either on the upper or lower end of that. And certainly, we’ve got a strong focus on controlling costs, O&M. So those would be always along with weather, but those are the primary drivers.
John Larsen: Thanks, Andrew, I think you might have captured my answer or response back there. Perhaps a bit of, I guess, conservatism in there, but we do plan for the 6% for the long-term, and right in the middle of our 5% to 7%, so that will remain.
John Larsen: Yes, that's for our Wisconsin projects, that pull-forward represents that CA 1 that we referred to, that first 675 megawatts. About half of that's in 2022, in '23. And so, we've gone through the regulatory process for that one. And you would think of it in the normal course of our regulatory proceedings.
John Larsen: Yes, I think we would expect more in the 2023 for that, think of that regulatory proceeding right now that we filed jointly. I think, we're thinking end of this year, maybe early '23. So, we would expect the cash infusion in '23.
John Larsen: Yes, think of it is maybe flat to maybe half a percent long-term is generally what we have for sales. We did see a nice 2020 to 2021 increase, but we're not assuming that to be necessarily go forward, so, back to what our typical half-a-percent types of so overall growth.
Robert Durian: Yes, Dariusz, this is Robert. So first off, I just want to reiterate, our strategy was created without the expectation of build back better any type of clean energy legislation. So, no impact to our strategy if that does not pass. But if it does, we are evaluating the opportunities to switch from tax equity partnership structures to a full ownership. As a result of that, we would expect, I think, somewhere in the neighborhood of a little over $1 billion of additional capital expenditures in our plan over the next four years. We would expect to maintain our capital structures consistent with what our regulatory bodies have approved in both states, and therefore you'd see probably a mix of both debt and equity issued as a result of that, to maintain the current ratings that we have and the strong balance sheet, and the strong metrics that we currently entertain.
Robert Durian: Yes, Dariusz, think of that as we continue to look at our resource plan as we go through the process. And I'd characterize it as we have more confidence in our ability to execute on renewable projects going forward. So, you'll see that is our primary focus, along with our electric distribution spend. So, the nice thing about our spend is it's very flexible, and so we can constantly evaluate it and look for different opportunities. And right now, we see renewables as kind of the best opportunities when we think about both renewables and storage for the future of our customers. And we're always trying to balance the needs of our customers, which are focused largely on clean energy, reliable energy, and affordable. And we see that as really a big focus on solar storage, and even some wind as we think into the future, and that's what made us pivot a little bit to that.
Robert Durian: Yes, Peter, think of that as - it's mainly for the CA 1 projects that we're constructing here in 2022. And as part of '22, '23 rate review that was approved by the PSCW in December. They've approved those projects and allowed us to get a recovery on those costs, as well as to earn AFUDC as we're constructing those facilities. And so, we will have to prove prudency with those, given the costs were about 7% to 10% higher than what we originally filed for when we received approval for that, but we feel confident with the execution of those projects and the prudency of the spend that will be supported, we've been keeping the PSCW informed all along with updates on the capital expenditure costs for the solar projects in both CA 1 and CA 2 and feel well positioned to get recovery of those costs.
Robert Durian: And just as a reminder period, there's two pieces to that. There's actually the first half of it, as John indicated, we'll see for the first time in 2023 and there's also a 2024 piece, so that's roughly $200 million to $250 million of cash will come in pretty evenly between those two years.
Robert Durian: Yes, Michael, maybe I'll kick it off here. So, there's actually two pieces. There's about up to 300 megawatts of capacity needs we expect as a result of the West Riverside options being exercised. So, think of us as making a filing like I said, sometime here in 2022, for that or most likely here in the first half of the year. And then, as we think about the forward capacity requirements as a result of the MISO seasonal constructs, like keep in mind that's still in a proposed state, and so we're working through some of the details on that, so we don't have specific information. But most likely expect to have something later this year, we'll provide more details regarding the exact megawatts and the nature of the resources that we're going to use between renewables and storage.
Robert Durian: Yes, maybe just relatively speaking in November, we pushed out some of those projects, knowing that there was some supply chain constraints, but the team has done an amazing job over the past few months to remedy that situation. So, we're pretty much close to the original planned in-service dates that we had towards the earlier part of 2021, so, just to keep that in mind to keep as a reference point.
