Pat Kampling: Good morning, Andrew. This is Pat. The CPP rule is very different than the one that was originally proposed. So we’re still analyzing this and I can’t speak on behalf of our governor of course but we come from a state that has had always very good environmental rules, renewable and energy efficiency standards. So we will work with our states to make sure that we get implementation plans that work for us but right now we really need to spend the time understanding this new rule because it’s very different than the proposed rule. 
Pat Kampling: No, it really doesn’t impact anything whatsoever. As you are aware, the transition on our smaller coal fleet to natural gas and keep in mind we actually had natural gas already located at those sites. It’s really a transition for us to get us through the next few years as we talked about. That’s not a long-term solution. The long-term solution is to add new combined cycle generating facility to our fleet. 
Pat Kampling: Paul, we’ve been very deliberate in our process to make sure we have the lowest cost long-term solution for our customers. And I cannot speak on what WEnergy is thinking right now. And all we really know is what they filed at the Wisconsin Commission, believing that they have a short-term solution to offer to us which we have not seen, where they provided no details. So this is just a very new news and we’ve got to work through the process here and Wisconsin Commission is going to rule later this morning on if they're allowed to be involved in the case with another proposal. 
Pat Kampling: Yes, and Paul, it’s common that other utilities get interviewed in the status in the cases, that’s just very common as you follow the cases. So that’s not unusual. The unusual thing here is that at the 11th hour they want to provide another proposal and they were not part of the RFP process, they did not reply to any -- they did not provide any offers when we did the RFP. So this is a little unique.
Pat Kampling: That’s okay. No but they were – and again I prefer that you address this with WEnergy but we are not part of their IRP planning process. 
Pat Kampling: Now our IRP relates to our Wisconsin customers, Paul. We’ll talk to you later on this if you want to follow up. End of Q&A
