Robert Durian: Starting with our financing plans, our current forecast reflects strong cash flows, given the earnings generated by the business and impacts of the extension of bonus depreciation deductions through 2019. As a result of the five-year extension of bonus depreciation, Alliant Energy currently does not expect to make any significant federal income tax payments to 2021. With additional tax payment reductions expected after 2021, due to the additional wind investments included in our plans, this forecast is based on current federal net operating losses and credit carryforward positions, as well as future amounts of bonus depreciation expected to be taken on federal income tax returns over the next two years. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan, we will maintain our targeted liquidity and capitalization ratios, as well as high quality credit ratings. Our 2016 financing plan assumes we’ll issue approximately $25 million of new common equity through our shareowner direct plan. We have completed the long-term debt issuances for 2016, which included issuing long-term debt of $300 million at IPL and $500 million that are non-regulated businesses. $310 million of such proceeds were used to refinance the maturity of term loans at our parent and non-regulated businesses. Our 2017 financing plan assumes we will issue up to $150 million of new common equity, as well as long-term debt of up to $250 million at IPL and up to $300 million at WPL. We may adjust these plans as deemed prudent, if market conditions warrant and as our debt and equity needs continue to be reassessed. As we look beyond 2017, our equity needs will be driven by the Riverside expansion project and renewable investments in our capital expenditure plans. Our forecast assumes that the capital expenditures beyond 2017 will be financed by operating cash flows and a combination of debt and new common equity. Our intent is to maintain the capital structures at IPL and WPL consistent with the most recent retail base rate case decision. We have several current and planned regulatory dockets of note for 2016 and 2017, which we have summarized on Slide 9. For IPL, our permit applications for the Clinton Natural Gas pipeline and then up to 500 megawatt Iowa wind investment have been approved. Later this quarter, we plan to file a request with FERC to transfer the Franklin County wind farm from Alliant Energy Resources to IPL. We anticipate receiving a decision on this request prior to our Iowa retail electric filing anticipated in the spring of 2017. We expect to file the next Iowa retail gas base rate case in the second quarter of 2017. For WPL, we filed our 2017 and 2018 retail electric and gas base case, which resulted from collaboration with the Citizens Utility Board, the Wisconsin Industrial Energy Group and PSCW staff. This filing includes new pricing options and an increase in the fixed charge component of tariffs. We anticipate a decision from the PSCW by the end of this year with new rates effective January 1st, 2017. Finally, I would like to update you on the information we plan to share during the year end call. Typically during the third quarter call, we provided our following year's earnings guidance. Due to our planned filing of the IPL electric base rate case in 2017, we anticipate issuing 2017 earnings guidance during the year end call next February. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and we look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI Finance Conference next week. As Pat mentioned, the presentation for this event has been posted in our web site this morning. At this time, I’ll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Robert Durian: Yeah, good morning, Brian. Yeah, what we're doing is we're targeting capitalization ratios that are consistent with our rate case decisions for both IPL and WPL. And so, the equity needs beyond 2017 are largely going to be driven by the capital that we need for the Riverside expansion, as well as the wind investment that we're proposing. So, there will - during constructions, it will actually be towards the end of the cycle, which is in the 2019-2020 timeframe, we will need some most likely equity before that.
Robert Durian: What we saw - this is Robert. What we saw in the third quarter is actually a $0.02 increase of our earnings as a result of weather in the third quarter and actually for the year-to-date for about a penny ahead of forecast for the first nine months.
