John Larsen: Thank you, Susan. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our second quarter results were on track with expectations, and we have made solid progress towards achieving the consistent full year growth that our share owners have come to expect from our company. As we continue our long-standing track record of consistent execution, we have several areas of progress to highlight that will also serve to reinforce our strong investment thesis. Our focus on 2023 began well before the start of the year. As we shared last quarter, we took actions in the latter half of 2022 to advance our resource plans and added additional focus on cost management and resilience. We are pleased with the positive results from those efforts. The results are clearly shown through the advancement of key regulatory filings, great progress we've made on our major capital projects, and our expectation to reduce 2023 O&M compared to 2022. And we continued our focus to derisk 2023 in the early part of this year by successfully mitigating rising interest rates through our convertible debt offering and interest rate hedging. In addition, we have seen strong core operations year-to-date. I am incredibly proud of the great progress our team has made in the first half of this year. We have seen remarkable advancements across all fronts including our focused efforts on operating a safe and resilient energy grid, our commitment to advancing clean energy and our unwavering dedication to delivering exceptional service to our customers and communities. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Lisa Barton, our President and Chief Operating Officer, to share more details on our investment and operating progress. And Robert will close the call with more updates relating to our financials and regulatory progress. But before I do that, I'll highlight a couple of key themes from this quarter. We continue to make exceptional progress advancing our investments that make our energy network efficient, reliable and resilient. We remain a leader in the renewable energy sector currently ranking nationally as the third largest owner-operator of regulated wind assets. We are continuously investing in a more diverse generation portfolio, prioritizing both value and reliability in our energy supply. A great example of this is our recently approved 175 megawatts of battery storage projects, which will complement our solar investments at Wood and Grand Counties in Wisconsin. We continue to excel in power quality and reliability as recognized by J.D. Power. Our ongoing efforts and results are centered around enhancing the resilience of our energy grid through the undergrounding of our distribution system. We continue to achieve new levels of efficiency in this area and have undergrounded more than 25% of our distribution system, further solidifying our commitment to a more robust and secure infrastructure. We are actively pursuing the exploration of cutting-edge technologies to establish energy storage capabilities, highlighted by our advancement of a first in the United States long-duration storage system at our Columbia Energy Center site. As we anticipate the retirement of the Columbia coal-fired energy center in 2026, we are committed to leveraging the existing infrastructure and interconnections at this site to promote resilience. The project has generated significant excitement within our organization, serving as a prime illustration of our commitment to pursue federal funding and embrace innovation to contribute to a sustainable future. We remain agile and proactive in identifying and capitalizing on financing opportunities that arise both at the federal and state level. Simply stated, we continue to execute our forward-thinking strategy and are consistently delivering financial and operating results. Our strong results are made possible by our dedicated employees. Every day, they work tirelessly to fulfill our purpose, which is to serve our customers and build stronger communities. Their exceptional contributions throughout the past year have been truly incredible. I want to thank and recognize them for everything they do. We eagerly anticipate another year of strong financial and operational performance and we deeply value your ongoing interest in our company. As a result of our team's efforts, our strong investment thesis remains. Our first half 2023 results are on plan. We have reaffirmed our annual earnings guidance and we remain committed to delivering on our long-term consistent 5% to 7% growth in earnings and dividends. I will now turn the call over to Lisa.
John Larsen: Great. Dariusz, this is John. So we're very pleased with the progress on this docket and the hearing went as expected. I think as you're aware, we also reached settlement with the Office of Consumer Advocate. So we are going to be awaiting the IUB's decision. But maybe I'll ask Robert to share a few of those items a little more color on the puts and takes as you noted, Dariusz.
John Larsen: Yes. Dariusz, it's John again. Similar to last year, we've seen some really solid temperature normalized retail sales in the first half. So we had a pretty solid 2022. And very much on par with that this year. We also see some strong growth in the first half of '23. We've seen about 85 megawatts of new announced growth. So some nice strength there. I think I've mentioned before, we like to see a long-term trend before we call it a trend, but it continues to have some nice economic development and weather-normalized sales growth. Robert or Lisa, if you want to add anything. But I appreciate the question, Dariusz.
John Larsen: Yes. Alex, I think we're still at a point where it's going to be very important, particularly in the region and climate that we have for gas to play a major role, certainly understand there's going to be lot of discussion about the role of natural gas, where it plays on either producing for generation or for home heating. But for at least the immediate future and for a while past that, we see natural gas playing a very important role.
John Larsen: Yes. Maybe, James, I’ll just note that battery storage is very cost-effective solution and quite frankly, important part of our resource plan for our customers. So we fully expect to advance energy storage, but there are some options on kind of the regulatory, recovery and proceeding going forward. So a little more to be played out as the RPU proceeding advances. So I think we’ll have more updates as we get to the Q3 call or EEI on the energy storage.
Robert Durian: Dariusz, yes, I'd say it was a very balanced settlement between shareowner interest and customer interest as you kind of explained some of the details there. We do think it warrants to have a premium ROE at 10.75% to incentivize us to put renewables in the state, and that's the nature of the law that we have in Iowa. We also appreciated the willingness to agree on a cost target that was reasonable in light of what we've seen as far as cost for similar solar projects in our area. I'd say the one thing on the customer side that the intervening parties were interested in is a consumer protection plan, which is something newer for us. But we are confident in our ability to execute and operate the facilities to be able to achieve that. So all in all, I think it was a pretty balanced set of agreements of principles and I look forward to the Iowa Utility Board make a decision on this docket. It will probably be, I would guess, some time within maybe the next couple of months, we might see a decision.
Robert Durian: Yes. Maybe the only thing I’d add is, as John indicated, it was slightly better than expected as far as the temperature normalized growth. It was really on our residential side where we saw most of that really good meter growth for both electric and gas this quarter. So that was the primary driver.
Robert Durian: Yes, Alex, I would say a majority of what we're seeing as far as the difference between 2022 levels and 2023 are primarily because of some additional spend that we incurred in the second half of 2022. We continue to focus on O&M controls and continue to make progress with different activities to try and reduce costs for our customers. A lot of some of the more exciting things that we're focused on right now is in the technology area, identifying different opportunities for us to use. Things to spend the capital dollars to reduce what I'll call longer-term O&M costs. Things like undergrounding, which has been very effective at us being able to reduce storm costs this year. We've also implemented quite a bit of fiber throughout our service territory, which is helping reduce telecommunication costs. And we've got a pretty exciting new system we're going to put in to help us with enterprise workforce and asset management that we think will gain some efficiencies with a lot of our field operations. So -- we also have what I'd call more of a step change with this recent quarter because we retired the Lansing facility, one of our coal plants, which you'll see a reduction on. As I look to the future, probably some exciting things in the artificial intelligence area, but we're still in what I characterize as the evaluation phase there. And so we'll continue to monitor that and provide updates for the investors once we see more progress in that area.
Robert Durian: Yes, James, this is Robert. So if you think forward to the third quarter conference call in early November in the EEI Finance Conference that will be shortly after that. We will be providing updated capital expenditure and rate base projections for 2023 through 2027. And expect to have additional insights on expectations of our rate reviews in Iowa and Wisconsin to provide us more specifics on what we'll see for earnings guidance and financing plans in 2024.
Robert Durian: To be determined. Like I said, we're expecting to make good progress with both of those proceedings in Wisconsin and Iowa and hopefully have more details or specifics regarding exactly what we'll show for earnings guidance in '24 and financing plans for '24. We're still very confident with the 5% to 7% long-term growth plan for EPS. So you shouldn't expect anything. But we'll just provide some more specifics hopefully, once we get further through these rate reviews.
