Pat Kampling: Jay, we went down this path. We knew this was the least risky option for us was just to complete the site before the tax credits expire. We're still open to many different ideas on what to do with the facility. Right now, we're just willing to ride the my sell market even though the costs are lower just because of the long-term pricing of PPAs right now. So we're definitely open for all types of options on that as we go forward.
Pat Kampling: No, that has not been filed. We are still working with the stakeholders to find an appropriate method to come up with the rate stabilization plan. We can talk to you when we see you at the EEI over the weekend. But you'll see in the slides that we posted the rate base additions will be really offsetting the reduction in the capacity payment.
Pat Kampling: That's definitely open. The overearning, though, is not going to be very meaningful, Brian, as you look at the additional rate base that's been – will be added to IPL.
Pat Kampling: Yes, what we'll do, Brian, is file at the end of the first quarter in '14, which is really the '13 rate base. But you can also file for first quarter additions to rate base, so it will be a hybrid of '13 plus the first quarter additions to '14 that we'll file if we have to go down that path.
Tom Hanson: Yes, with respect to the higher PPCs, we would expect there would be additional generation from the (Ben Tree) project and, to a lesser degree, at Whispering Willow East and then the tax method change that we're proposing is that this would allow us to take an immediate deduction for cost removal items in IPL service territory which would then allow us to capture the benefit that we have highlighted on Slide 11.
Tom Hanson: Yes. That would be a change in method on a going forward basis. So we would continue to see some continuation of that benefit in future years.
Tom Hanson: In the supplemental slides, we have identified that but the reality is it's virtually flat. We have a slide that shows '11 to '12 and then '12 to '13 but for all intensive purposes it's flat.
