Robert Durian: Yes. This is Robert, Nick. It will be close to our authorized returns. They're both roughly in that 10% range.
Robert Durian: Yes. This is Robert again, Nick. The way I would look at it is we're trying to maintain the capital structures approved or included in our most recent rate reviews. And so given the height in CapEx that we see in 2018 and 2019, we should expect some modest level of common equity there.
Robert Durian: Yes. Ashar, this is Robert. Yes, I'm assuming you're pointing to the slides that we posted for the EEI finance conference. And as you will note, the IPL specifically increased about $900 million from 2019 to 2020. And a lot of that's the wind expansion that we're proposing to put into service in early 2020. And, so yes, that would require us to go in for a rate review with a test year 2019 rate review at this point in time. And so assuming we cannot get to some type of settlement agreement before then, that's what our current plan assumes.  And then if you turn over to the WPL increase, you'll see about a $500 million increase from '19 to 2020. And a lot of that is based on the West Riverside plant that we're currently expecting to put into service late in 2019 and early 2020, as well as some modest levels of winds on the WPL side, too. And we expect to go in for a rate review or file for a rate review sometime most likely in the second quarter of 2018 for that 2019 and 2020 test period.
Robert Durian: Sure, Greg. This is Robert. I would think of it in the context of we're trying to maintain the current credit ratings we have at the consolidated level. And so, right now, I think we're in that probably 40% to 45% equity percentage for the consolidated group. And I'd say we're going to stay pretty consistent with that.
Pat Kampling: At this point, we see it playing out fully. We're still, of course, having active dialog with all the parties. But at this point, we see it as being fully litigated. So we'll expect a decision in early 2018.
Pat Kampling: So we only really guided just for 2018 equity needs. We haven't guided you yet on '19. But it is fair to say in the years with expensive CapEx, in order to maintain our equity ratios at the utilities, historically, we've needed to issue some common equity for those. But you're absolutely right. As you see the CapEx starting to decline, the need for equity will definitely decline with that as well.
Pat Kampling: I knew you were going to say that. Robert and I would really like to get people to really just focus on the midpoint. We've been very consistent on our 5% to 7% growth targets, and we would prefer that everybody just kind of guide to the middle because that's where we've historically been and that's what we're historically planning to. But I appreciate your enthusiasm in the organization.
Pat Kampling: Sure, Angie. No, thanks for the question, and you opened the question up very appropriately. It's really too early to understand all this. As you understand, the tax reform was issued yesterday. That's what we consider the first phase of the debate. We'll be very involved, not only in the process and the discussions, but advocating on behalf of our customers. And we know what was issued yesterday is going to change, so it's really too early for us to speculate exactly how this is going to impact our current construction program. But I'd give you my word that we'll be very active in the debate and the discussion on all of these very important matters. And as soon as we have more clarity, we'll be definitely willing to share that with the investment community.
Pat Kampling: Yes. Angie, I can guarantee that we're looking at all of that right now. And when we have more clarity on that, we'll definitely share it with you. So that's something that we're actively looking at right now.
