Robert Durian: Yes. This is Robert. Yes. Maybe just to summarize a couple of the positions, so for the ROEs, really there is two primary intervenors that had provided. I call the full revenue requirements testimony. One is the OCA and the other is IBAC is the term we use for them. Both of them are roughly around 9%. I think one was 8.9% and the other was 9.2%. And then from a capital structure. I believe the OCA proposed a 47% equity ratio and then IBAC was a 50% equity ratio. And then on the renewable writer, the renewable writer neither one of them had supported our position. So, we are working with them in the next few weeks or to see if we can gain alignment there.
Robert Durian: Yes, generally speaking, I don’t think anybody in these intervenors, testimony supported that. So again, we’ll be working with them over the course of the next few weeks into the next year probably to try and figure out, it will support us at longer time frame than the one year that we’re currently pursuing.
Robert Durian: Yes, just maybe Andrew, for the year, we picked up $0.05 in the first quarter from weather we loss $0.02 in the second quarter from weather and then we’re expecting to pick another $0.02 up in July. So, year-to-date through July, we’re about $0.05 ahead of plan as a result of weather impacts on temperatures. As far as the storm itself that John referred to, we don’t expect any significant impact on earnings as a result of that. So that really puts us like I said around $0.05 ahead of plan right now.
Robert Durian: Like I said, Andrew will be prepared to talk about that in more detail when we issue that information in early November and then go into a fair amount of discussion with a lot of the analysts and during our AI Finance Conference in early November.
Robert Durian: Yes. Michael, right now, what we’re planning on doing. I would say over there probably matter of maybe eight weeks or so. We’ll be working closely with the intervenors to try and identify opportunities for us to align on settlements parameters. So, right now the procedural schedule provides for some additional rebuttal testimony between the different intervenors and then we have a, dates in later September were any agreements that we reached before we get to the hearing process we file as part of a settlement notice. So we’ll be working closely with the intervenors over, like I said, a matter of, the next few weeks to try and figure out how we can gain more alignments on those types of issues as well as how the other issues that have been filed as part of the testimony. So, we’ve, had a really long history of engaging in these collaborative processes with interested parties. And so, what we believe in the merits of our case though we’re looking forward to try and figure out some collaboration to reach alignment on some of these issues before we get to the hearing.
Robert Durian: Yes, I think that’s a fair assessment. Nothing that we saw in yesterday’s testimony was unexpected at this point. It’s a normal part of the process. So, like I said, we’ll be working with them closely over the next few weeks to try and gain alignment before we get to the hearing.
