Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning, everyone. This is Darius on for Julien. Thank you for taking my question. First one, if I may just around the potential IRA legislation, I realize it’s fairly preliminary and you noted in the comments you’re continuing to evaluate. Just curious if you have any preliminary thoughts as to impact on items such as credit metrics, FFO to debt, anything along those lines that you could potentially speak to.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much. If I could take that one step further, I guess, as it relates to your equity needs across the forecast period over the next several years, it sounds like, if you have improving cash flow that could potentially mitigate some of those needs.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. That’s super helpful. One more, if I can just on the pension. Any impact from higher pension plan expense, I think it’s something that you alluded to in the previous update, just given the moves both in interest rates and also in asset values. Just curious if there’s any update there. I think in the past you’ve said that WPL there’s a deferral mechanism, so the impact would be mostly at IPL. I’m just curious if there’s any update you can provide on that front.
John Larsen: Yes. Hey, good morning, Darius. Thanks for the question. I’ll maybe just share a few comments and let Robert hit on the credit metrics. One thing I’ll mention there were really three items in the previous build, back, better that we were advocating for the solar PTCs standalone storage and then direct pay. And largely from our read of that, certainly it’s not at the finish line. Those three things are in there. So as we noted, I think it gives us flexibility, not necessarily what we’re going to do. I think our plan remains very solid, but maybe in some of the financing as you noted. Also I think with the standalone storage, we’ve got so many sites that we’re developing with solar and others. We’ve got a lot of flexibility as to where we can locate storage. So think of some of that value stacking and maybe Robert, if you want to talk a little bit about the positive credit metric aspect of it. I’ll turn it to you.
John Larsen: Yes. I think you spot on Darius. As Robert noted, it’s likely that this could move us more towards ownership so increased rate base. So we’d certainly take a look at that, but also with the cash aspect of this, it can tend to balance out a bit. But anything you want to add with that, Robert. I think you’re spot on Darius.
John Larsen: Yes. We’re – short answer, our solar projects are moving quite well and as planned. So we’re very comfortable with the progress we’re making on all of our solar projects.
John Larsen: Yes. The long-term 5% to 7% and certainly the impact of what we saw on possible delay of the solar, that projects that’s certainly not going to be a driver to that. So, the typical drivers as you have Michael with O&M or others, but we feel good about our cost management. I might note that our sales have been very strong. In fact, we’ve seen probably the strongest sales temperature normalized that we’ve had in over a decade. I think the second quarter this year was 3% higher than last year, which was up over the previous. So it’s a great tailwind. And as Robert noted and probably both of our comments, the IRA provides another pretty solid tailwind for – there’s certainly macroeconomic issues that we’re all facing, but it’s nice to have a couple of really solid tailwinds as well.
John Larsen: Yes. I think on that one, Andrew it maybe a little bit yet to be determined, but right now we don’t see those units operating in any significant way in the market. So just think of them as that reserve capacity for reliability for our customers. We’ve retired a lot of coal plants previously and transition them and they all have a little bit of a different path. So we’ll monitor that and make the right decision for our customers.
John Larsen: Yes. That’s more the latter Andrew. We usually have about 40% of our earnings are in Q3. And so we typically about this time of the year, we’ll give a little indication of trending to the upper lower half, and then usually wait until the end of the third quarter before we do any potentially narrowing or guidance change. So we like to get through that third quarter before we do that.
John Larsen: Yes. Got it. Sorry for that. Also pretty heavy potential for storm season here during Q3. So while we’re certainly looking at the potential for that, I think we want to be fairly conservative in our approach and make sure we’re prepared for storms or any unexpected here for the summer months.
Robert Durian: Well, thanks, John. Yes. For the most part, we haven’t been prepared to disclose any specific details. But I think directionally, you can think of this, giving us an opportunity to actually increase our rate base, an opportunity to lower customer costs and an opportunity really to improve our cash flow metrics. When you think about the transferability of tax credits, not only the ones that we may generating from our new solar projects, but from our existing wind projects we see a pretty good opportunity to increase our cash flow over the next several years as a result of those provisions. When you kind of combine that with the fact that we do not think we’ll be subject to the 15% minimum tax based on our current income levels, we actually think it’s going to be pretty positive all around when it comes to customers, shareowners and debt holders, so pretty encouraged by the legislation.
Robert Durian: No. I think you’ve summarized it well, Darius. I think when we look at it, we’re similar to other utilities where we’ve experienced the impact of the lower and expected returns on our plan assets so far this year. And this will be partially offset by the impact of the rising interest rates that would reduce our pension obligation at our next measurement date, which would be at the end of 2022 here. So we won’t know the exact impact of the 2023 pension costs until we get to the end of the year. But as you indicated, I’d say we’re partially, but not fully insulated from the earnings impact of pension. When you think about the deferral order in Wisconsin that should fully insulate us, but in Iowa we will be subject to some level of cost. But we do have the ability to capitalize a portion of those pension costs, usually about 30% to 40% on an annual basis as part of our labor overhead process. And as we kind of think about the long-term impacts of this, while we may see some impact in 2023 we would expect that all of these costs will be reflected in our next rate reviews in both Iowa and Wisconsin. So there should not be any long-term earnings impact as a result of this.
Robert Durian: Yes, sure. Michael, maybe starting in Wisconsin here, the rate case scheduled for Wisconsin would indicate another rate case for 2024, 2025 to keep on our two year cycle. And the change in the retirement dates for the Columbian Edgewater facility would not impact the timing of those rate cases. So think of 2024 and 2025, the next one in Wisconsin. For Iowa, we’re continuing to watch these cost trends. Historically, we were trying to stay out a little bit longer in Iowa, but we may be inclined to come in a little bit sooner now, maybe as early as 2023. So that’s still to be determined. And what that might look like in the future as far as whether it’s a future historical test year. But all indications are from a cost since we probably would be coming in a little bit earlier and maybe as early as the 2023 time period.
Robert Durian: Yes. Our teams are really putting the finishing touches on that plan filing for additional resources. And again, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, Andrew, this is largely intended to replace the capacity that we expect to be sold off to some of our Wisconsin utilities at the West Riverside facility. So think of that as we’re probably filing that sometime in the next 60 days. And we’ll be providing some more details regarding the specifics of that filing when we get to the next earnings call in November.
Robert Durian: Yes. So maybe to kind of break it up into two different pieces, so yes, as you indicated that we will experience both O&M and capital cost to continue these facilities to operate over the next couple of years. We do have a deferral mechanism available to us in the last rate case for the 2022 and 2023 rate case that allows us to defer those costs until we get to the next rate case cycle in 2024. So we’re not expecting that O&M to have any earnings impact to us. And then as far as the capacity cost that we’ll be mitigating for our customers that usually flows through as a fuel cost. And so we’ve reflected that into the latest filing that we put in front of the commission for the 2023 fuel costs. So all in all think of this as earnings neutral, given that deferral mechanism for the O&M and capital costs. And you’ll see hopefully some modest benefits when we think about our fuel costs for 2023 that are really helping us keep those rates flat from 2022 to 2023.
