Thomas L. Hanson: If you take a look at our earnings release, on the last page, we show some of the operating statistics for the quarter. Really, weather was basically comparable to the second quarter of 2013. So quarter-over-quarter, there's really no difference. The benefit that Pat referred to, really, was predominantly in the first quarter. And in terms of the sales forecast, as I did say, we are seeing some improvement in our industrial and commercial, and for all intents and purposes, residential is kind of still hovering at that 1% to 1.5% level.
Thomas L. Hanson: Assume that the incremental O&M is in that probably about $7 million range of additional spending that was not originally intended in our forecast when we issued this last year.
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes. It certainly is metrical. So as, certainly, sales and weather would move up and down, certainly, that would go commensurate with that. But we were above the 10.65% for the second quarter, and that's why we needed to then take the reserve for the fact that we're now in the first year where there's a sharing mechanism with customers at 50% for each of the 2 parties.
Thomas L. Hanson: We did talk about that, Brian. In terms of the commercial and industrial, we're continue to see an improvement in the economy. So we're looking at about a 2% increase at IPL in terms of industrial and commercial and at WPL, a little bit higher at 4%. And if you look at Slide 4, we typically share the comparison to last year, so hopefully, that's a slide that you're familiar with, Brian.
Thomas L. Hanson: We always reassess our needs. But what we're trying to do is at least, as a planning assumption, provide an indication that right now, we would anticipate issuing up to $150 million of equity.
Thomas L. Hanson: Certainly, changing cash flows would be a significant contributor. Recognizing the reason we're issuing the equity is to maintain our target equity ratios at the 2 equal utilities. So again, that's the primary driver. So to the extent that we would see incremental earnings at the 2 utilities, additional cash flows, certainly, that would suggest that $150 million could be potentially reduced.
Patricia L. Kampling: Sure, Andrew. We did pull some of the O&Ms forward. However, we still have flexibility as the year unfolds. We still have August and September to get through, which are -- again, we're a third quarter company. But we still have flexibility to move the O&M around as warranted.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, Brian, that has to do with the $70 million credit going back to customers this year, and IPL is part of the settlement. So you'll be seeing that each quarter this year.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. The impacts for the mild weather in July were estimating to be approximately a $0.09 drag. And that's just for July.
