Bill Harvey: The confidence level is extraordinarily high. We will achieve it. There’s no question in my mind that we will achieve it. A lot of it is just continuous improvement that occurs in the business, but there’s an awful lot going on in the industry today, and certainly a lot ongoing in our company today, as well. But an illustration of the kinds of things that are creating those cost savings opportunities relate to a Tier 2 plan in Dubuque, Iowa. It’s concurred, it’s already been converted from coal to natural gas. And that substantially reduces the operating cost of the facility. So while it seems like a big number, our confidence in realizing it is driven by inherent confidence in our ability throughout the organization. But in addition, there are quite noteworthy changes like the one I have just mentioned that are affecting our O&M profile as well, Brian.
Bill Harvey: The predominant change that we have seen is a modest decline in the level of residential sales that’s occurring. It’s not just IPL, it’s WPL as well. So a little more pronounced at IPL, but I think consistent with the experience being had by so many companies in this economy. We are beginning to see the economy impact the electric consumption habits of the residential customer. That’s not a good thing for us or for anybody. I guess, the happy side of the equation is that we continue to see growth on the industrial side, which we hope is more of a leading versus a lagging indicator of what’s going on in our economies. But we’ve got soft residential sales. That’s the single biggest variable by a wide margin, Brian.
Bill Harvey: It’s underway, but we have not had any setbacks at all in terms of its development. So we are optimistic that it will remain on schedule and get built at or below the costs that we have estimated.
Bill Harvey: Yes we are. And there is nothing to report on that front, although there is robust activity going on and we hope to have something to report on that, if not by the year-end, certainly by the time we issue year-end results.
Bill Harvey: As you would expect, a wide spectrum of possibilities. Number one, we continue to own and operate the business and capitalize on the re-engineering work that’s been accomplished in the business and give the new leadership a chance to prove itself which were optimistic that it can do. Alternatively, we could look to partner with someone else in the business to get the business to a greater level of scale in the marketplace than it is today that would have the effect of reducing the risk of having a single project, have a dramatic impact on the financial performance of the enterprise. And of course the third alternative is, we could sell the business. So we are going to be looking at all of those options.
Bill Harvey: Yes, our records not very good in the last couple of years, is it? Our confidence is good, if we execute efficiently on projects, we are to be able to produce $0.04 of earnings in the business. That said, you never execute perfectly. But the book of business that’s in place going into next year is good. It is all wind. There are no solar projects in the booked book to business so far for RMT next year. Although there are abundant opportunities for there to be solar projects, we’ve not booked any of them today. So our confidence is, I will call it good, but certainly shaken by the experience of the last couple of years.
Bill Harvey: It is, frankly we’d like to own the property sooner rather than later. We’d like to be financing the acquisition of the property in the interest rate environment that seems to be prevailing in the world today. It’s variables like that that auger us to accelerate the acquisition of the asset and those discussions with Calpine are ongoing. And we are optimistic that we are going to be able to reach agreement with them to accelerate the purchase of the facility. We, of course, have to respect the needs of the Wisconsin Public Service Commission in terms of reviewing our request to purchase the asset. We are hopeful that the Commission will find a way to deal with that request expeditiously. But those are nothing more intriguing than that driving the acceleration in [inaudible] purchase.
Bill Harvey: You bet Brian. Transportation about $0.12, RMT $0.04, Sheboygan Falls, the unregulated generation assets $0.06; Franklin County $0.01, and the parent costs us $0.02.
Bill Harvey: Yes. Excuse me. That will be the capitalized interest during the construction period that we are recognizing in 2012.
Bill Harvey: Yes, we do have at Bent Tree some transmission limiting factors. And we continue to see improvement in that situation. So we would expect that there would be additional output in 2012 that will result in an additional production tax credits that we will be able to capture in 2012.
Bill Harvey: I can’t answer that right now. Can we follow up with you on that? I just don’t have the answer here Tom, do you have it? We don’t have it. We don’t have that answer here, Eric, but we will be sure to get it to you. I apologize for that.Eric McCarthy – Praesidis Asset Management: Okay, great.
Tom Hanson: With the rebounding of the market here recently, and the anticipated pension contribution in 2011 will not have any impact on our future equity needs. With respect to the timing of the equity, what we want to do is tie it really to the larger projects, whether it be the likes of a Riverside or the Iowa Gas Plant, recognizing that’s dependent on certain regulatory activity. So the schedule might slide a little bit. We thought it was better to try to target equity needs to those events as opposed to maybe just an artificial date.
Tom Hanson: Yes, we are going to have additional production tax credits in 2012 above what we had anticipated in 2011. That’s certainly one of the primary drivers.
Tom Hanson: No, this would be principally Bent Tree. Keep in mind the Franklin project is going to be constructed in ’12. And we do not anticipate that’s going to be available then until 2013.
Tom Hanson: When we look at each of the utilities, we certainly have a desire to maintain the equity levels consistent with what we have in rates currently. Recognizing in both jurisdictions will be adding a fair amount of CapEx. Some of that will be funded with debt. But we need to recognize, certainly desires to continue to keep those equity levels consistent with what we are experiencing now.Alex Kania – Bank of America: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
