Susan Gille: Good morning. I would like to thank all of you on the call and the webcast for joining us today. We appreciate your participation. With me here today are Pat Kampling, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Hanson, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Robert Durian, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller; as well as other members of the Senior Management Team. Following prepared remarks by Pat and Tom, we will have time to take questions from the investment community. We issued a news release last night announcing Alliant Energy's first quarter 2016 earnings, re-affirmed 2016 earnings guidance. This release, as well as supplemental slides that will be referenced during today's call, are available on the investor page of our website at alliantenergy.com. Before we begin, I need to remind you the remarks we make on this call and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks that could cause actual results to be materially different. Those risks include, among others, matters discussed in Alliant Energy's press release issued last night and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. In addition, this presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP measures are provided in the earnings release, which are available on our website at alliantenergy.com. At this point I'll turn the call over to Pat.
Susan Gille: Yes, Brian we updated our Investor Deck so if you got to Slide 9 on the Deck, basically the Wisconsin public service has the option for up to 200 MW in the 2024 timeframe. MG&E has up to 50 MW from the 2020 to 2025 timeframe and the co-op have up to 60 MW and they will determine that in the quarter this year.
Susan Gille: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available through May 12, 2016 at 888-203-1112 for U.S. & Canada or 719-457-0820 for international. Callers should reference conference ID 8244179. In addition an archive of the conference call and the prepared remarks made on the call will be available on the Investor sections of the company's website later today. we thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy and feel free to contact me with any follow-up questions.
Tom Hanson: Good morning everyone, we released first quarter 2016 earnings last evening with our earnings from continuing operations of $0.86 per share which was $0.01 per share lower than 2015 earnings. a summary of the quarter over quarter earning's drivers may be found on Slide 3. Consistent with our growth assumed in our 2016 earning's guidance retail electric and temperature normalized sales for Iowa, Wisconsin increased to approximately 1% between first quarter 2015 and 2016. The commercial and industrial sectors continued to be the largest hales growth drivers quarter-over-quarter. Now let's briefly review our 2016 guidance. In November we issued our consolidated 2016 earnings guidance range of $3.60 - $3.90 on a pre-stock split basis. The key drivers for the 5% growth in earnings led to infrastructure investments such as the Edgewater and the Lansing emission control equipment. And hire AFUDC related to the Marshalltown generating station. The earing's guidance is based upon the impacts of IPLs and WPLs previously announced retail based rate settlement. In 2016 IPL expects to credit customer builds by approximately $10 million. By comparison the building credits in 2015 were $24 million. IPL expects to provide tax driver billing credits to electric and gas customers of approximately $62 million compared to $72 million in 2015. Over the years the tax benefit riders may have a timing impact but are not anticipated to impact full year results. The WPL settlement reflected electric growth for the Edgewater house projected to be place in service this year. The increase in requirements in 2016 for this and other base additions completely offset by lower energy efficiency recovery amortization. Slide 4 has been provided to assist you in modeling the assisted tax rates in IPL and WPL and AEC. Turning to our forecasted capital expenditures. In March, the pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration announced proposed regulations to update the safer requirements for gas pipeline. We currently anticipate final regulations will be issued in 2017. The forecasted capital expenditures provided during our year-end call include estimated amounts for this expected regulations. Now turning to our financing plans. Our current forecast incorporates the extension bonus depreciation deduction through 2019. As a result of the 5 year bonus depreciation Alliant Energy does not expect to make any significant federal income tax payments through 2021. This forecast is based on current federal net operating losses and credit carry forward positions as well as future mounted bonus depreciation expected to be taken under federal income tax returns over the next 5 years. Cash flows from operations are expected to be strong. Given their earnings generated by business. We believe that with strong cash flows and financing plan we will maintain our target liquidity and capitalization ratios as well as high quality credit rating. 2016 financing plans will soon be issued in approximately $25 million of our new common equity through our share to direct plan. The 2016 financing plan also anticipates issuing the long term debt of up to $300 million of IPL and approximately $400 million of parent Alliant Energy resources. We added $10 million to the proceeds at the energy resources are expected to be used to refinance the maturity of term loans. As we look beyond 2016 our equity needs will be driven by riverside expansion project, our forecast assumes that Capital expenditures for 2017 would be financed primarily by a combination of debt and new common equity. Our 2017 financing plan currently assumes issuing up to $150 million of common activity. We may adjust our financing plans as deemed prudent if market conditions warrant and our debt needs continue to be reassessed. We have several current and planned regulatory redactors of note of 2016 and 2017 which we have summarized in Slide 5. During the second quarter this year we anticipate filing a WPL retail electric and gas case for the 2017 and 2018 rates. For IPL we expect decision regarding permit application for approximately $60 million in natural gas pipeline. Iowa and retail electric and gas based cases are expected to be filed in the first half of 2017. We very much appreciate the continued support of your company. At this time I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Tom Hanson: I think the transportation $0.01 and our non-reg generation was another $0.01. Franklin County was a drag of about $0.01 and then we had activity of about another penny. Last time it was a positive in terms of the other benefits of the parent.
Tom Hanson: I think with Franklin last November when we gave guidance we said it would probably be a drag on earnings of about $0.04 to $0.05. And that is still reasonable, yes.
Tom Hanson: And assume $0.07 was our current outlook, current forecast we are assuming the same expectations for 2016.
Tom Hanson: Assume that as the initial estimate for 2017 and in terms of the outer years. It's going to be somewhat depended on the some of the parties just made reference to, in terms of the Riverside expansion so if and when MG&E might step into Riverside so for now assume up to $150 million applies to only till 2017.
Tom Hanson: There will be some movement with the income statements. What has changed is principally an IPL which will have a less low through benefit. But that could not be impacting earnings. That will be offset someplace else.
Tom Hanson: No, think of it as lien adjustment tax and something else will be offsetting it so the earnings guidance will remain consistent with previous estimates.
Tom Hanson: A little bit high but it is not going to be significantly high and will be offset by something else so far, guidance for 2016 is unchanged.
