Thomas L. Hanson: Good morning, everyone. Today, we released our second quarter 2013 earnings. Non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations were $0.59 per share, which is $0.01 per share increase over second quarter of 2012. The lack of capacity charges related to the Riverside PPA in 2013 resulted in a positive variance of $0.11 per share for the quarter. Other positive drivers were a 2013 revenue requirement adjustment related to IPL's tax initiatives and lower energy conservation cost recovery amortizations at WPL. These EPS positive drivers were partially offset by lower earnings resulting from weather impacts on sales, higher WPL depreciation expense and quarter-over-quarter timing impacts from IPL's electric and gas Tax Benefit Riders. Second quarter comparisons between 2013 and 2012 earnings per share are detailed on supplemental slides 2, 3 and 4. In our consolidated earnings guidance walk between 2012 and 2013, which has been provided in our investor relations presentations, we highlighted several drivers for the forecasted year-over-year earnings results. One of the largest drivers is the forecasted $0.29 per share increase in earnings due to lower purchase power capacity cost, primarily related to the Riverside Energy Center, which WPL purchased on December 31, 2012. To assist modeling quarterly earnings projections, please note that of the $60 million annual Riverside capacity payments in 2012, approximately $6 million was paid in the first quarter, $20 million was paid in second quarter, $28 million was paid in the third quarter, and $6 million was paid in the fourth quarter. We are reaffirming our 2013 consolidated earnings guidance of $2.95 to $3.25 a share. While we were pleased with the results for the first half of the year, we are a third quarter company due to summer peak and summer rates, thus, we are not making changes to our guidance at this time. The 2013 -- the July 2013 estimated weather impact was normal. By comparison, the extremely hot weather in July 2012 had an approximately $0.18 per share positive impact on earnings. The economy on our service territories continues to slowly improve. The forecasted 2013 total electric retail sales reflect relatively flat weather normalized sales when compared to 2012. Sales trends between forecasted 2013 and weather normalized 2012 by customer class are illustrated on supplemental Slide 5. The forecasted decrease in IPL's industrial sales in 2013 over 2012 weather normalized sales is due to cogeneration customer outages last year, which increased IPL's industrial sales in the first quarter 2012. Excluding sales to IPL cogeneration customers, industrial sales would have -- would be relatively flat comparing forecasted 2013 to 2012. IPL's electric and gas Tax Benefit Riders are expected to have no earnings impact for 2013, just like they had no earnings impact in 2011 or 2012. The forecasted quarterly earnings impact of the 2013 electric and gas Tax Benefit Riders, as well as the actual quarterly earnings impact of the 2012 electric Tax Benefit Rider, are provided in supplemental Slide 6. Turning to our financing plans. Cash flows from operation are expected to remain strong. Please note that the 2013 cash flows are impacted by reduced customer build in accordance with IPL's Tax Benefit Riders. Our current 2013 financing plan anticipates issuing long-term debt of up to $300 million at IPL in the fourth quarter. We believe that with our strong cash flows and financing plan, we can maintain our targeted liquidity, capitalization ratios and credit metrics. Therefore, we do not plan to issue any material new common equity in 2013. Our future financing plans will be significantly influenced by the timing of construction expenditures, including the proposed Marshalltown facility Pat discussed earlier. We expect to announce our 2014 financing plan later this year. Supplemental Slide 7 has been provided to assist you in modeling our forecasted 2013 effective tax rates for IPL, WPL and AEC. Turning to our regulatory calendar. We have made significant progress to-date on the 2013 regulatory dockets, which are summarized on Slide 8. We are waiting 2 major decisions yet this year, which are the construction authorization and rate making principles for the proposed Marshalltown generating facility and approval of our 5-year energy efficiency plant. In addition to these proceedings, we continue discussions with the OCA and other stakeholders regarding our proposed electric base rate stabilization plan, which would continue until the anticipated in-service date of Marshalltown generating facility, which is scheduled for April 2017. We very much appreciate your continued support of the company. We look forward to meeting with many of you in August and September. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Thomas L. Hanson: Well, as we look at the residential sector, we would not really see any significant differences. Simply there's a difference in the industrial sector. But as I stated, the IPL is somewhat artificially low because of the additional sales that we had with cogeneration customers that we had last year. So if you adjust for that, the profile would be similar between the 2 states. And again from our perspective, again sales are relatively flat. Certainly, we see some slight signs of improvement but nothing that would suggest that we change our forecast.
Thomas L. Hanson: The amount that we have in our forecast here is a $0.05 drag on earnings for Franklin County. Much of that is attributable to the transmission congestion that occurred in 2013. There are steps underway that would remedy that, would suggest that, that certainly would have a probably less of a loss, if I can characterize it that way, going into 2014.
Thomas L. Hanson: I'm thinking, here, Jay. Well, let's look at individual pieces. Certainly, July was extreme last year in terms of -- for the quarter, it was $0.20. So for the month of July, it was $0.18. Our forecast assumes that it would be weather normalized. Certainly, we are getting a benefit because of Riverside. Again, that's in our guidance, and we also were a third quarter company, both in terms of sales and with our summer rates. So the third quarter always is the largest of the 4 quarters. And also if you go back to the guidance that we provided in terms of the walk going from '12 to '13, hopefully, we will try to identify those individual items, and really our focus is more on the annual basis as opposed to a quarter-over-quarter basis. The reason we just wanted to call out the July weather effect is because it was so significant last year.
Patricia L. Kampling: No, that's not accurate, Brian. We reached settlement with the OCA, and that -- part of it is proceeding right now but we have not received any order from the IUB yet.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, Brian, we'll be going down parallel paths on this. We need to be prepared to have to file a rate case, but at the same time, we'll continue discussions with all parties up to that point and even including after the point when we filed the case if we have to go down that path but it will be a parallel path at this point.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. Jay, really nothing has changed on Franklin County at this point. We're pleased to report that the performance has been going very well and the transmission constraints are getting alleviated as we speak. But we're still looking at all the options on what to do with that facility at this point, so there's really nothing to report on that.
Patricia L. Kampling: I would say we're looking at multiple options at this point, Jay. It's not just one option we're looking at, at this point.
Patricia L. Kampling: I would tell you I think we've done a fantastic job over the last couple of years of identifying these items and reducing costs. We expect cost to be remain relatively flat. Again, a lot of the benefits from our cost reductions have been the conversion of our -- some of our coal facilities to gas. We don't have any of those coming down in next couple of years at least major savings, but we would expect our O&M to remain relatively flat until we add new facilities to the portfolio.
Patricia L. Kampling: Sure. No, firstly, I just want to say that we are very focused on our very large capital expenditure program that we have right now, and we have very good earnings growth just organically with all the work that we're doing here at the company. I could tell you the lens that we look at M&A's the same lens that our neighbors are looking at. You want to accretive earnings, you want to make sure that there's benefits to the share owners. In this environment right now a lot of the last few M&As, the regulators put some constraints on, savings that the utilities could achieve through synergies. So we're looking at it with the same lens that everybody else is, it has to be very good for the shareowner. But right now, really focused on deploying the capital that we have in our plans right now.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. And just to be clear, they're actually -- they are able to vote. They'll have to be reconfirmed next year. That might be the confusion that you have on that, but they are standing members. Sheila won't be on the board until middle of August, but they will be able to vote on the proceedings. And again we don't expect any delays. The record is very clear. It's complete. So we'll just have to see how this progresses, but they are 2 very qualified board members that have been appointed.
Patricia L. Kampling: No, we're not interested in looking at those, we're just really focused on improving the performance for our fleet. So we actually have no intention of looking at that at all.
Patricia L. Kampling: Sure. The question is that with this new FERC order, any new generation that we'd be placing in service, we could be responsible for the transmission, which would be a change to the rate base then. But again it's too early to speculate on that. But that's what the question is. So any new generation that we'd be putting in service could be our costs that would be paying for the transmission.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, actually, the answer to both of those are yes. And the good news with that facility is we already have all the easements in place for the pipeline, but it's a separate docket at the IUB.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. No, I think in the transmission planning it's still in its early stages for the Marshalltown facility but our current estimate would be again this is our current estimate would be an increase of rate base if we were to pay for it about $145 million.
