John Larsen: Yeah. Hey, Julien. Thanks for the question. I'll touch on the first couple and I might turn it over to Robert as well. As it relates to Iowa and the build relating to solar, it's very early in the process, so as you can imagine this can change a bit. We are evaluating that and certainly talking with stakeholders in MidAmerican. So I would hesitate to go beyond identifying the direct impacts on that right now. It's something we're keeping a close eye on. And in Wisconsin, we do have our rate filing that we'll have in the second quarter and then we're putting together the application for our first tranche of the solar investment. Those would be two that we talked about and I'll ask Robert here to add anything else to that.
John Larsen: Yes. Thanks Andrew. We are excited by being able to continue to update our sustainability report in a number of environmental improvements that we've made. We do have a current 80% reduction goal that we have in there in addition to our 2030 goal. So what we'd be looking at is, as we update our resource planning efforts and we take a look at some of our continued fleet transition, we'll review that and make further adjustments in our sustainability report. In addition to that some of the areas for example water reduction with our West Riverside plant, our addition of wind and solar and some of the retirements we've already had, we've made significant progress in reducing the amount of water usage. Then obviously we've done some work with habitat meaning pollinator plant things in conjunction with solar installation. So very excited about the story and I appreciate you asking about that.
John Larsen: Yeah. Thanks, Michael, this is John. We -- when we file as Robert had noted in the second quarter as what we're expecting for the solar, we will be informing a bit more about our plans for our Wisconsin coal facilities at that time. And you're right, we are going through that process in Iowa, which would be -- I think of that more towards the end of the year.
Robert Durian: Yeah. So as a reminder last November we announced plans to build up to 1,000 megawatts of new solar by 2023. Think of this filing that we're going to make here in the next couple of months as the first tranche and that will -- maybe think of roughly half of that will come out with a filing in early April time frame with many more details regarding the nature of the transactions and the sites and all the details that have to go along with that types of filings.
Robert Durian: I'd say the one area where it may be different from what you've seen in the state historically is, we are contemplating doing some type of tax equity structure that is different from what some of the previous filings in the state event. We're still in the early stages of kind of determining exactly what that's going to look like, but expect when you see the filing come out in that early April time frame, there will be some type of partnership with the third-party to help us really try and monetize those tax benefits booked for our customers. And we see this as a great opportunity to lower the cost for our customers with these new solar projects.
Robert Durian: Andrew this is Robert. Yes I think when we look forward to the 2021, 2022 forward-looking test periods, we do believe that there will be a modest increase to our customers, but given the ability for us to use excess deferred taxes and various other regulatory liabilities that we've accumulated over the past few years and we'll see a pretty significant mitigation of any increase. So I would think of those in the kind of single digits maybe low single-digit percentage increases on an annual basis, so nothing very significant. And so we'll continue our strong track record of maintaining pretty low or relatively low rates for our customers in Wisconsin. And as far as settlement process, we do have a long history of constructive settlements and outcomes. We would continue to look forward to working with the stakeholders to try and reach a settlement with that after we make the initial filings sometime in that second or third quarter of this year.
Robert Durian: Just as a reminder with the renewable energy rider that was approved with the last rate case, we have a mechanism now to be able to get all of the rate base additions from the new wind generation that we're putting into service in 2020 in that rider which will become effective or get renewed I guess on January 1, 2021. So with that mechanism we actually think that we can stay out of rate cases for probably over a couple of years out. So at least probably into that '23 timeframe, if not beyond, depending on how well we can control costs.
Robert Durian: Yeah, good question Michael. You are correct that we are trending to the upper half of the range. We really have had some beneficial developments here probably in the last couple of months. We saw favorable pension costs. And we had a pretty strong year when it comes to the returns of our pension assets, which translates into lower pension costs in 2020. We also are starting off the year very well when it comes to a fuel cost perspective. As a reminder in Wisconsin, we've got a fuel sharing mechanism where both the shareowners and the customers benefit from lower fuel costs and given how low natural gas prices are and how well our natural gas facilities are running we're able to generate some savings both for our shareowners as well as our customers. And then we're also benefiting from lower interest expense given interest rate environments that are currently there. So those are the primary drivers that we started out the year very well with.
