Tom Hanson: Sure. First of all thanks Andrew for your question. The single largest driver would be the deferred taxes due to bonus depreciation. The last time those were updated in terms of rate base was the previous rate case which was our UR-117 which was the 2010 base year. So since then we’ve been monitoring those but I think as we do the reconciliation you’ll see that’s probably the single largest adjustment you’re dealing with the deferred taxes. If you go to supplemental slide eight, we’ve tried to highlight some of the details including the rate base, also the information that we filed with the PSE yesterday and should be available hopefully today. It does take each of the electric and gas rate base components thus compare to the previous rate cases to give you kind of highlight of the increased rate base that we have and how we propose to increase the offset.
Tom Hanson: I think your observation is correct. I mean, given the fact that is a proposed rate freeze, you want to make sure that it was appropriate for all parties. So as we’ve highlighted in slide eight, there really is an ability for first of all WP&L to earn above its authorized 10.4 and it can retain that up to 10.65. If we are able to successfully manage the business over 10.65 to 11.4, there is a sharing of 50% of that. And anything above 11.4, then it is deferred. Similarly, there’s kind of and net on the bottom end to the extent that our ROE falls below 8.5 then WP&L can’t file for a case. So, we think it’s appropriate for all parties that there is a balance here.
Tom Hanson: …as we talked about before. We had about $1 billion of NOLs at the end of ‘11, but we will get the benefit of that bonus depreciation going forward. But recognizing that until we completely eliminate our NOLs, which we expect in 2015, there will be some erosion of that NOLs but recognizing bonus depreciation will be used here in ‘12.
Tom Hanson: There are also some adjustments that we have proposed to what I’m going to characterize as normal regulatory amortization. If you recall we have some reg assets, reg liabilities that are being amortized. Some of the amortization periods were actually adjusted. So that coupled with then the usage of the conservation escrow allows us than to offset the proposed increase. And Jay, the schedule that we filed with the PSE, that should be available, it does provide a little bit more clarity in terms of the individual items so that it would be able to model that, once that information is available.
Tom Hanson: No. We’ve got the additional bonus that we would have also in 2013 that’s certainly contributing to that as well as 2012. Now, keep in mind also we made reference to three specific in-service editions with Riverside and the Edgewater 5 SCR occurring at the end of ‘12. And then we’ve got the baghouse and scrubber at Columbia, that’s occurring about midyear in 2014. So when you look at the 13-month average for certainly ‘14, you don’t see the full benefit of that in-service addition. So then going into the following year you’ll see them the full effect of the baghouse and scrubber at Columbia and as Pat said that’s about $300 million.
Tom Hanson: Its -- there will be assets declining that’s causing that’s slight reduction. But as we said, the financial capital structure is unchanged at 51%.
Tom Hanson: Well, certainly our objective is to earn our authorized return. We clearly have aspirations to earn above that. But right now, we want to make sure that we’re meeting our commitment to shareowners to earn the authorized return. But what’s important is that the proposal allows for -- to the extent that we can earn more than that, there’s a sharing mechanism in place.
Tom Hanson: Yeah. We should maybe -- clarify. There’s no Minnesota piece, Brian. But the amount that we stated are all on a retail basis. So only electric, when we made reference to the $2.1 billion gas is another 200 million on top of that, but clearly for the electric side that’s only the electric piece. So as you said, there will be wholesale component that you need to factor into your analysis.
Pat Kampling: Sure Brian. The major initiative is really just delaying hiring and keeping positions opened for longer.
Pat Kampling: When we issued the RFP, we asked actually for whole broad variety of options for again to fill our long-term capacity in energy. So it’s really owning a plant, PPAs et cetera, there’s a wide variety of options that we’re going through right now the analysis on.
Pat Kampling: Yeah. I may be confused on your question. You know, we’re still in this position that we’re not paying federal taxes.
Pat Kampling: Yeah. Sure, Jay. It really hasn’t been an issue in any of our jurisdictions right now. We are definitely carefully monitoring the situation. And but it has not really been an issue at all. But again, as it relates to ITC, anytime their rates will be up for review. We would definitely way in and have an opinion on that.
