John Larsen: Yes. Great, Julien, great to hear from you. There's certainly a great deal of need for transmission to connect renewables. We know that, and a lot of those are going to be in the ATC area. So we see that as very solid. I don't think it's anything too notably different than how we've had it modeled. Transmission is going to be very important for renewables. So I guess, I categorize it as solid and pretty consistent with how we've seen it -- how we've modeled it.
John Larsen: I think one thing we've learned is the process to get to the finish line on ROEs, whichever direction they're going is one that you have to be quite patient. I'm confident we'll get to a -- there'll be a reasonable outcome there. The need for transmission isn't going to change. I do think there's going to be a bit of a process to make sure it settles out to the right final number, if you will, Julien, but rather than handicap the final result, I think like we've seen in the past, you've got to be a little patient on these proceedings.
John Larsen: Yes. Michael, thanks. Maybe I'll start off and let Robert add. But certainly, we see it going in, having a pretty transparent process about what we were doing from adding renewables and retiring to be a very good process to repeat. I'm certainly not going to get ahead of ourselves on how Colombia will be treated, but I think the collaborative approach and making sure we're very transparent. I do think it's struck a very solid balance between customers and investors. So we're very pleased with that. I think it's creative and brings us a lot of certainty. So we can continue to run the business. On the renewable front, I think the question was if that was all of the 1,100 megawatts, that would be correct.
John Larsen: Yes. We get -- we get very excited to tell our story each year and updates. I wouldn't think of anything too notably different, but you will see a bit more focus on water resources, which has been a focus for us for a number of years, but I think we'll be putting some more stories and metrics there about water stress and how our company is focused on water resources.
John Larsen: Yes. We don't see that really changing our plan. Andy, we've been on a pretty long runway here of transitioning from older coal resources to renewables for quite some time now, and we would feel those to still be very reasonable, and not materially change our investment strategy.
John Larsen: Yes. Thanks, Andy, and maybe to clarify that 6% covers the next 2 years. And if you look from -- I believe, it's around 2010 until now, it's been over a decade. I think in Wisconsin we would average, it's less than 1%. It's maybe a 0.5% or so over those 11 or 12 years with this increase. So we've done a very nice job of keeping base rates flat and finding a way to continue to make substantial investments in the business.
Robert Durian: Yes, Julien, this is Robert. I think that puts us right squarely where we want to be with that growth of 5% to 7%. We see good rate base growth based on the modeling that we've shared with all the analysts to date, and this is consistent with that. So just the whole process with the rate review agreement in principle, we think, is a very, very supportive of all the collaborative processes that we do with our key stakeholders. And so it's also really a good balance between the customers and the stakeholders' interest, the shares interest. And we see it as really a good avenue to provide that rate stability that we're looking for, for both our customers and our shareowners. So all in all, I think it's very, very constructive and very consistent with what we've been telling folks as far as our plan for the future.
Robert Durian: Yes, Andrew, it's a pretty modest impact for us. I would characterize it as less than $0.01 per year. So that's the direct result of the ATC earnings impact on our business. We would also see, most likely, as this played out a lower transmission expense coming to both of our utilities. And so think of that as probably in the maybe $10 million to $15 million a year. So that supports our customer affordability objectives, provides us some additional headroom for further investments and really would more than offset the impact on the earnings side on the ATC earnings.
Robert Durian: Yes. Really, the difference between those 2, the regulatory equity cap -- equity ratio in the capital structure, think of that as what's used to calculate the revenue requirement. When you impute certain debt or off-balance sheet items, that's what lowers it down to the 52.5%. So we've got some PPAs and leases that is part of the regulatory process, that get imputed into the financial capital structure consistent with what occurs with the rating agencies. So -- but think of 54% is how you should calculate the revenue requirement.
Robert Durian: Yes, Andrew, it does utilize those. The biggest of which is a regulatory liability that we were able to record as a result of some liquidated damages regarding our West Riverside facility. So it would utilize those regulatory liabilities as well as others that are in that $60 million to $80 million that you referenced.
Robert Durian: Yes. Probably the best way I've heard it described, Andrew, is think of it like a mortgage. So it's got a consistent recovery level over the kind of the remaining asset recovery period of roughly 23 years, I think it is once it hits retirement. But just like a mortgage, we would recover a lower principal balance and a higher interest rate earlier in those years. And then the flip or reverse of that with a higher principal recovery and a lower interest later in the years. So as part of that process, what it ends up doing is we recover less in the earlier years, and that effectively then converts to 9.8% that we agreed upon to calculate the revenue requirement down to a 9.2% effective ROE. So I still think that's a very effective tool for us. What it does help us to do is lower customer costs in the earlier years, but gives us that rate stability over the remaining life of that asset. And so we felt like that was a good balance between shareowner interest and customer interest, and we're very pleased with the outcome there.
Robert Durian: Yes. For the Biden plan, too, the provisions we're watching closely right now is obviously the corporate tax rate going from 21% to something potentially higher, that we've modeled that out at, I think, with the top end of a reasonable range is at 28%. And we think that would equate to roughly about a 2% increase in our customer bills.  Some modest impacts on our EPS and then actually some positive cash flows, given our NOL position and tax credit carryforwards. But we think we can manage through that and some of the latest thinking I've read about things that, that might be in maybe 24%, 25%. So that would even probably be less impact to our customers, which would be good from our perspective. The minimum tax, we actually have seen more recently where they may set a threshold related to that and not really apply that to any companies that have less than, I think, $2 billion of annual income, and that would exclude us or exempt us for that. So we would be comfortable with that and obviously, supportive of that. So we wouldn't be put into that position. As John indicated, we're actually more interested in the widened plan right now because we see some opportunities for us to utilize some of those benefits to support a lot of the future capital growth that we may be pursuing, things like Direct Pay and potentially refundability of tax credits, we think would give us a good set of cash flows that we can reinvest in future renewables going forward. The stand-alone credit for storage. We think that would really improve the economics of those opportunities for us in the future and could build out some further capital opportunities for us. And then we're also watching the potential to be able to use PTCs instead of ITCs for solar projects that could make, what we think are, very favorable economic turns for our current solar even better. So pretty excited about some of those opportunities on the widened plan and what they might do to our capital investment opportunities going forward here.
Robert Durian: Yes. Just to be clear, Andy. So the ROE is at 10% for a vast majority of the business. The only impact with the 9.8% would be on the remaining net book value of the Edgewater 5 facility. So -- and as far as the higher equity layer, think of it as each probably 100 basis points in the equity layer probably gives us $0.01 or $0.02 of additional earnings.
