Thomas L. Hanson: We don’t have a specific amount yet Brian. I would not expect it to be a significant amount, but as I said it’s going to be hung up with the balance sheet and it will be available then for refund with the next rate case.
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes, in Iowa its about a 10% allowed ROE when you consider the fact that we got 577 treatment in some of the items. In Wisconsin its 10, 4 and the sharing mechanism is that - when earnings get to 10, 6, 5 there is a sharing mechanism and it’s 50% from 10, 6, 5, to 11, 4 and then after 11, 4 it’s a 100% dedicated to rate pairs.
Thomas L. Hanson: Well, from a cash flow there is no substantive changes. And in terms of the earnings we just – with the November guidance we had an estimate for fourth quarter. Now that we got the benefit of actual, we've gone back and adjusted a couple of those line items. Nothing is significant, but hopefully it will just allow you to monitor our progress over 2015 with actual now that we've got those completed.
Patricia L. Kampling: Brian, this is Pat. We will give you more transparency in that number now that the SSR costs are being little more finalized, so the next time we meet we’ll have a little more transparency on that.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes, the $75 million of the additional tax benefit rider that we are proposing at this point Brian will be really used for that purpose.
Patricia L. Kampling: Okay, that’s a lot of questions. The credits we're looking at right now are not huge. So there are millions of dollars, not tens of millions of dollars. So they are just in the general capital guidance even for 2015 and 2016. We haven’t really looked at solar beyond the next couple of years right now. We want to make sure we understand how it integrates well into the grid and that's why we're taking these steps right now to learn on these projects. And it's really independent of what happens on the EPA plan at this point.
Patricia L. Kampling: Well, I’ll say is that since it is probable that ROEs will probably be changing the transmission world. We did take a reserve and however for us it’s really immaterial, we are not been very specific about the targeted ROEs at this point, but we did take a slight reserve.
Patricia L. Kampling: We are actually working on them right now. We do multiyear capital planning, so as we develop our plans we want to make sure these rate cases are very solid and we can smoothen any rate increases as necessary and as we talked about the Dewey, we got the TBR dollars to be used and then in Wisconsin we are going to have some additional dollars that are in escrow that we can use. So we are working on that right now, putting our plans together, we don’t need to file them all until Wisconsin is 2016, and Iowa be early 2017, but the planning has already started.
