Thomas Hanson: The rate base that we have issued out there, Mike, really remains in basically the same estimates with one assumption, the Marshalltown transmission project we assumed would go in service in 2016. So assume that approximately $100 million would come out of that rate base forecast in 2016. Again, that's assuming that ITC is going to fund the Marshalltown transmission project. So that's the only adjustment we would expect because of that.
Thomas Hanson: Well, what we're showing in 2013 is the 13-month average. And then also keep in mind, a portion of the $190 million that we're taking out is relating to Bent Tree as well. The largest portion is related to Marshalltown, but a portion of that relates to Wisconsin here with the Bent Tree project.
Thomas Hanson: First with respect to identification of the customers, I think in fairness, it's inappropriate that we would mention specific names. But as we've stated, we are seeing increase in actual customer count. We are also seeing additional residential usage, unlike the historical pattern. And as we mentioned, we do have a number of industrial customers in both the IPL and WP&L service territory that either have completed their expansions or provided us indication that those expansions are occurring and that's what's really giving them rise to the sales increases that we portrayed on Slide 9.
Thomas Hanson: Well, the biggest change would be with respect to the energy conservation expense here in Wisconsin. And keep in mind that tends to be one of the items that we've seen some adjustments occurring in light of the rate freeze that we have in 2013 and 2014. So that's the single largest item. But also we're seeing lower pension expense as we have talked about on our third quarter call because of the change in discount rate that we experienced at yearend. Other than that I would say there is nothing extraordinary in terms of the change from 2013 to 2014.
Thomas Hanson: Well, given the fact, we're not going to be a federal taxpayer for several years. For planning purposes, I guess you could use a statutory rate of 40%.
Patricia Kampling: Sure. No problem, Brian. This is our year to file the two-year rate case, so that would be years '15 and '16. We still have our additional funds left in the escrow account that we have been utilizing over the last couple of years. So we're hoping we can reach a settlement because the customer rate impacts won't be large, if we use the account. So we are hoping to reach a settlement, and we'll know that over the next couple of months. And if we don't reach a settlement, it would be like the settlement like we had last time, very simplified settlement that we will ask the Commission to approve and then file a fuel case later in the year. If we don't reach a settlement, we'll be filing the full two-year rate case at the end of March.
Patricia Kampling: No. There is no date specific. That's just the plan that we've been talking about. And we're continuing discussions ongoing with all the parties to see if we can still reach a settlement, but if we can't reach a settlement, we'll have to file a case.
Patricia Kampling: What I can honestly tell you is that the discussions have been very good and very constructive. Right now there is just not full alignment on what the settlement would look like. So we'll still have to continue with discussions with all the parties, but if there is not full alignment on what a settlement should look like then we'll be filing the case.
