Robert Durian: Yes, Nathan, this is Robert. Yes, I think of that as right now, we currently have a shareowner direct plan where we’re issuing approximately $25 million a year. And so we see that to extend into the foreseeable future. That’s really the only material equity needs that we have planned at this stage. I will say that we’re going to continue to monitor that and as we’ll talk maybe further here, we do expect to refresh our capital expenditure plans in November as part of the initial updates that we do on an annual basis. And as part of that process, we may revisit that. But largely based on kind of future capital needs.
Robert Durian: Yes. So a great question. So as we think about 2024, there’s a lot of moving parts to the earnings this year. We talked a little bit about the non-recurring charges, which we consider related to legacy assets, not reflective of what we should expect in our ongoing earnings. So we excluded that. We also have a temporary issue as it relates to the income tax expense that we will see reverse here later this year. And then really after you get through those unusual items, you really focus on the key drivers for the earnings so far this year have been the temperatures to date. We’ve seen about a $0.10 reduction in earnings through the first half of the year, most of that was recorded in the first quarter, but some modest levels in the second quarter as well. As we look at that, we are working and the team has been very successful in identifying opportunities to offset some of those costs to this date. We have line of sight to about half of the offsets there that we need to offset those temperature impacts and the team continues to work on that. So, that gives us the confidence to reaffirm the guidance of 2.99 to 3.13, and we will continue to work on that as we go through the rest of the year.
Robert Durian: Yes. So, when we structured the agreements with the intervening parties as part of the settlement agreements, we did take into consideration that situation that you described, Andrew, and there is a provision within the agreement, if you read into the details of it that allow us to come back in for a rate case if our ROEs fall below a certain level, either on an annual basis or over a 2-year period. And so we feel like that will protect us well in case of any significant decrease, but we remain pretty optimistic about the upside opportunities as Lisa described, with the ability to capture some of this new data center load growth and benefit from that as well as what I would say is more of an innovative model that allows us to keep the tax benefits and the energy margins and the capacity revenues related to new generation as well as the tax benefits from any repowering opportunities that we may have over that opportunity. So, that gives us some level of optimism for that period.
Robert Durian: Yes. Andrew, we didn’t get into a lot of details on the events. We are making principles in the settlement. As you may recall, there is legislation that’s been recently passed in Iowa that expands the eligibility of ratemaking principles to include not only renewables, but now also energy storage facilities as well as nuclear. So, I would say it opens us up for some additional opportunities over the next few years, mainly related to what I would say, larger gas projects, renewable projects as well as now battery projects.
Robert Durian: Yes. Paul, think of that as a fairly modest portion of the earnings profile of IPL historically. And so I do not think of that as a significant impact. We actually structured the agreements to end in 2025, and we get the depreciation expense to end as well because will be fully depreciated the steam assets. So, the ongoing impact should not be material.
Lisa Barton: So, it’s really all of the above. So, in terms of how our process works, Andrew, we thoroughly vet all economic development inquiries that come. We have executed multiple agreements with data centers to-date. Obviously, these are all confidential. And once we feel that we have certainty with respect to the amount of the load and the timing of the load, we will announce those projects. What we will be doing as both I and Robert mentioned is, putting all of that together at our third quarter earnings call, really in prep for EEI. So, we will then be sharing what’s the load, what’s the timing, what are the resources needed to fill those obligations and the CapEx that supports all of that growth.
Lisa Barton: Exactly. And as a reminder, with our clean energy blueprint, we did something unique this year where in both Wisconsin and Iowa, we are looking at three different load levels, and low, medium and high. And why we are doing that is that allows us to identify the resource needs once we have settled in on the load and the timing. So, we are very well positioned for us to be communicating our plans at EEI.
Lisa Barton: Great question. So, I will start off with answering that, and then I will turn it over to Robert for filling in on some of the details. The way that I really see that Iowa rate review settlement, it’s a flywheel effect, and it’s fueled very much by economic development. Therefore, successful in capturing economic development activities, then that’s going to continue to fuel affordability and our ability to work within the provisions of the stay out. Our share owners are going to benefit from the tax benefits and energy benefits during that period. And I will note this, it is a very similar model that MidAm has been operating with very successfully over the past 10 years. So, it’s not new to the state, it’s something that is familiar to the commission, which is why we are very bullish on it. Robert, why don’t you talk a little bit of some of the off ramps that we have.
Lisa Barton: And the one thing, Andrew, that I would add is that my big takeaway with Iowa is, Iowa is open for business. When you look at the combination of the mega site legislation, you look at the changes to the advanced rate making, it really expands it to more resources as well as the movement that the state has made with respect to taxes that are paid by customers, it’s really a state that is dedicated to economic development, which we see as very good for us and that we are well positioned to support that growth.
Lisa Barton: We don’t have specifics on that. What we can say, Paul, is that we are feeling very well positioned for that. If you think about a premium utility, looking kind of out into the future, that is really a utility that has significant load growth to drive affordability, that ability to capture economic development, whether it would be data centers, onshoring and so forth and we feel very well positioned in that space. We have got land. We have got transmission access. We have got flexible rate mechanisms in states that are supportive of economic development. And so as we look at that more broadly, to unlock that potential for shareholders who really need that utility that’s focused on customers and communities, which we are, those mechanisms and constructive regulatory jurisdictions. We know that for you all to have this information in the model, you need as much transparency as possible, but we really want to make sure that you have got the right information for that, and that is best served by us, first having the details of the load, the timing of the load and then the resources that we need. I will say this about both Iowa and Wisconsin. The clean energy blueprint, that resource planning mechanism that we have is very flexible and it offers more flexibility than I think is there with a lot of peers in the industry. And so it puts us in a very good position to be able to grow in scale completely in line with the needs of our customers and communities.
Lisa Barton: Really all is a matter of timing. And so yes, again, as soon as we have that information, we will be putting it out.
Lisa Barton: With no more questions, this concludes our call. A replay will be available on our investor website. We thank you for your continued support of Alliant Energy, and feel free to contact me with any follow-up question.
