Robert Durian: Yes, Nathan, probably paint a little bit of a picture here for our financing plans. When we think about the capital expenditure refresh that we've done through 2027, and as we look at the kind of financing needs for that, we actually think that we'll be able to fund all of that through cash flows from operations, including the monetization of tax credits, as well as some new long term debt. As we look at the opportunities to be able to monetize those tax credits, given the volume of tax credits we're generating currently with the wind projects and the solar projects, as well as those that will be added into our portfolio over the next few years, along with battery storage, we actually think we'll be averaging probably close to $300 million a year in tax credit monetization proceeds. So that provides us a lot of flexibility with our financing plans and therefore does not require any material common equity to be able to finance those capital expenditure plans. Where we do see potentially some need for new common equity is largely related to the regulatory constructs, specifically the capital structures for our two utilities that is dependent upon the outcomes of the pending rate cases. So that's to be determined, we should be seeing, hopefully, our WPL rate case decision here in the next couple of weeks. And as I indicated before, the Iowa decision, sometime probably by the second quarter, or third quarter of next year. And so that'll give us more insights as to any potential equity needs, but it's really tied into those additional equity layers at the two utilities.
Robert Durian: Yes, Dariusz, this is Robert. Yes, I would characterize that we're tracking towards the midpoint. We have seen what I'd characterize, some milder weather temperatures in the first quarter this year. That really put our earnings down about $0.4 per share. But we actually picked up $0.2 back in the third quarter, given some warmer temperatures. And so far here in the fourth quarter, we've actually started out with some favorable weather temperatures, so we actually think we'll land pretty close to the midpoint and so that's we've been guiding people, too.
Robert Durian: Yes, that's correct. Ross, it's a reminder, so we've got 2019 and 2020 vintage wind projects that will be continuing to provide PTCs for us. We'll be building out the full 1,500 megawatts of new solar projects. We've added to our recent CapEx plans, 500 megawatts of repowering of wind projects that will produce new PTCs for us to be able to monetize. And we also have battery projects that we've put into the plant, 275 megawatts, which have already been approved by the PSCW that have all be generating tax credits. And so still a very robust set of tax credits for us to monetize over the next four or five years.
Robert Durian: Yes, Andrew. I would say, as we've kind of evaluated 2023 and 2024, we are looking for opportunities to continue to kind of time to spend to be able to achieve all of our financial objectives over the two years. You're correct in thinking that when we announced our plans for O&M spend for 2023, there is a fair amount of reduction that we were expecting as a result of some of the strategic spend we had in 2022, including focuses on resource planning, economic development, and advancing some of our technology projects. But we continue to find opportunities to be able to reduce costs through the efficiencies of a lot of the folks out in our field organizations. I think Lisa had a nice story that she started out with her script talking about efforts underway with our underground program that are providing some benefits for us. We're also seeing some reductions on the generation side as a result of our Lansing retirement. So, I would say it's a mix, maybe half sustainable half what I would characterize as strategic spend in 2022 that we see for reductions, but we're continuing to anticipate we'll see some further O&M reductions in the fourth quarter and probably end up lower than we expected from 2022.
Robert Durian: Yes, I think of that, Andrew, as just the WPL decision that we'll hopefully be seeing here in the next few weeks. And so, yes, as we've stated in some of our previous remarks, what we've requested is about a 250 basis point increase in our equity layer in Wisconsin. So that equates to about $200 million. So it's about $40 million for every 50 basis points.
Robert Durian: Yes, we would plan to continue to utilize our share direct plan to be able to issue approximately $25 million a year in new common equity. That's dependent upon the decisions of our shareowners as to how much they want to leverage that program. But that's just a continuation of what we've had historically, and we plan to keep that going into the future.
John Larsen: Hey, Nathan. This is John here. You know, '23 has been largely in line with our expectations from temperature-normalized load, and we're planning for that similarly going forward. But I would say we do have some pretty strong economic development interests. We've kept our forecast pretty conservative, pretty steady, as we've seen, but we've seen some great interest here. And when we see that materialize a bit more, we'll provide updates if or as needed.
John Larsen: Yes. Dariusz, John here. You know, I'd say there's really four factors for our guidance with, you know, sales, great execution of capital, and you mentioned constructive decisions from regulatory filings and cost management. I would say right now we feel very comfortable with the guidance range that we've put out there. And as we get into '24, we would certainly update that if we're tracking a different part of that range. But think of it as pretty solid for our range in '24.
John Larsen: You know, Ross, John here. I think what I'd say, we've got a lot of future CapEx opportunities, so we'll be sharing more of the details of how we're thinking about the latter part of not only this four years but, you know, kind of where we would see our future CapEx going. But we're continuing to advance development for future renewables. But as Robert and Lisa noted, right now it just makes sense for us to add some capacity resources while we continue to look for future renewable developments.
John Larsen: Yes. Hey Andrew, this is John here. I'm going to let Robert talk about that and it's really good news and the timing, but I want to -- I appreciate you listening and picking up on Agrivoltaics. We can talk more about that when I see you at EEI. So Robert, over to you.
John Larsen: Yes, I think -- thanks for your question, Alan. You know, we continue to push for what I'd say, you know, a general rate increase that, you know, kind of keep the increases very similar to, you know, kind of like cost of living increases, if you will, at or below. So we've been very, very consistent with that over the past few years, and we would see that continuing going forward.
John Larsen: I think we would view it as continuing to be a very constructive opportunity. You know, as both Lisa and Robert have noted, as we file these, we'll continue to monitor. We always look forward to being very transparent and bringing parties to the table, but we don't see any material change in our ability to settle going forward.
Dariusz Lozny: Hey, good morning. This is Dariusz on for Julien. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to start off on the narrowed 2023 guidance. Thank you for providing that update. Just wondering if now that we're in November and there's probably good line of sight to the end of the year. If you can make any commentary as far as where you might be tracking within that range for the balance of the year.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay, excellent. Thank you. If I could sneak in one more obviously. Certainly, appreciate the ITL rate case is recently filed, but you've had some fairly constructive processes and outcomes, especially with the advanced rate-making this year. Curious if you can make any comments on efforts towards or prospects for settling that rate case.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay, excellent. Thank you very much for the responses. I'll pass it along and we'll see you guys at EEI in about a week.
Lisa Barton: Yes, Dariusz, it's Lisa here, and I'll handle that question. So, you know, as you know, we always have a very transparent process with respect to our rate reviews. Our Clean Energy blueprint provides a high level of transparency. We had a balanced ask with a two-step request, both in the single digits. Obviously, we've had a strong track record of settlements in Iowa, and we continue to think that that's going to be possible in the future. But as always, we're going to assess the pros and cons of settlement along the way.
Lisa Barton: Yes, Ross. Ross, you're correct. I mean, we're constantly reviewing our resource plans, taking into account changing conditions such as the MYSO capacity construct. Again, it's always that very transparent process that we use. And, you know, we'll be talking with regulators and stakeholders here in the earlier parts of '24.
Lisa Barton: Yes Andrew, so basically what the IUB did is they said that 10.25% would be in essence the base and we have the opportunity to go up from there. So we're going to use our rate review process to be pushing for that 10.25%. As you know, the settlement that we had in place in Iowa was with one party and was not with all of the parties. We do not think that anything, you know, that was decided as part of this RPU is indicative of anything with for -- respect to the rate review filing. So we continue to think that there are opportunities to settle in Iowa similar to the history and the strong history we've had for settlements in the past.
Lisa Barton: And the one thing that I would add, Alan, is that we continue to add zero fuel cost resources as part of the plan, and that very much plays into affordability. Affordability has been and will continue to be top of mind for us going forward.
Lisa Barton: And the one thing that I would add is, again, our Clean Energy Blueprint provides that high level of transparency and an opportunity for stakeholders to really engage ahead of time. This year was a little bit unique in the sense that five IOUs were before the Commission at one time. So that made it a little bit challenging this year.
