Robert Durian: Yes. As John indicated in his prepared remarks, we generally have grown dividends in line with our earnings growth, in that 5% to 7%, which you've seen that consistently over the last couple of years, including our projections for 2020, so no real differences between that. We currently have our dividend payout ratio on the bottom half of our 60% to 70% targeted range, but we're generally comfortable with that, as we're going through more of a heavy CapEx cycle right now.
Robert Durian: Yes, as we announced last night and this morning, we're planning on issuing up to $250 million of new common equity for 2020. To answer your question, beyond 2020 right now, we do not expect any material equity issuances. We do have a direct plan where individual sharers are allowed to reinvest their dividends, which generates roughly about $25 million a year in proceeds. We expect that to continue on beyond 2020, but that's the only equity we see in the foreseeable future. Regarding the remaining $225 million for 2020, we have had success in the past issuing equity under ATM programs, when we've had smaller needs for equity. Last year, as many of you are aware, we did issue an equity forward for a larger equity issuance of $375 million. This amount, at $225 million really gives us a lot of flexibility to use either one of those types of programs in the future. I had also indicated that the timing of this will largely be dependent on our financing needs and the market conditions, so also a lot of flexibility there. We have not yet determined what method to use, but see, like I said, a lot of flexibility in our opportunities going forward.
Robert Durian: James, we've seen somewhat lower temperature-normalized sales relative to last year. I think through the first nine months of the year, our temperature-normalized electric sales were about 0.7% lower than last year. This has largely been in our Iowa jurisdiction with our larger industrial customers, due to various operating and business issues with those individual customers, including experienced some pressure as a result of the agricultural economy challenges, because of the ongoing trade issues. But we are very fortunate, we've got a very diversified mix of industrial customers, more agricultural-based in Iowa, and more manufacturing-based in Wisconsin, so nothing significant. I would note too that the lower sales that we have seen are from our industrial customers, so they have generally lower margins, so it's not been enough to have any material impact on our variance drivers for earnings. The economies in the two states as a measure of unemployment are remaining strong, they are well below the national average, and we have seen some growth in our customer accounts. I think we've added about 5,000 electric customers relative to this time last year. So, all in all, no concerns from us, but we're definitely watching some of the ongoing trade issues as it impacts our agricultural-based economies in the two states.
Robert Durian: No, I'd say the ones that did not sign on were just there to more learn about the process and for information purposes, not necessarily to influence the process.
Robert Durian: Yes, just to be clear, as part of the settlement process, we really aligned around the revenue requirements. The rate design issues still are pending, and we had to go through a hearing process with the Electric Rate Review to discuss those issues. Those were not part of the settlement process, and will be decided by the Iowa Utilities Board when they make their final decision by the end of this year.
Robert Durian: We really see the renewable energy rider as a win from a perspective with that, so we think the chances of us having to file again next year are very remote at this point, assuming it gets approved by the Iowa Utilities Board. With that rider, and the fact that most of the rate-based additions we see in 2020 are with the wind projects we're putting into service in Iowa, we don't expect a need in 2020 to file another rate case.
Robert Durian: I think it's more of the latter, Andrew. What we saw is in 2019, we have had some extreme weather conditions in our service territory. We had a very extreme cold spell in the first quarter of 2019. We've also had, I would say, wetter-than-normal conditions, and that created a few challenges for us when it comes to some of the wind farms that we're trying to put into service in 2020. Nothing significant. We're very confident that we're still going to get these wind projects in on time and at or below budget, but they have pushed out some of those wind projects, maybe a few months, and so you see a little bit of that spilling over into 2020. But no concerns from my perspective
