William Harvey: Sure, the what I said Brian is that we currently think it is unlikely that we will be able to re-negotiate and extension of the Duane Arnold PPA with NextEra and if we factor the absence of that PPA together with currently anticipated retirements of coal-fired capacity at IP&L we envisioned a need for incremental generating resource of about 700 megawatts in the 2016 or later timeframe. One of the alternatives that we are considering for fulfilling that need is the construction of a new combined cycle facility at IP&L and what I’ve indicated was that would costs between $650 million and $750 million it would not go into service earlier than 2016 and if we elect to proceed with that alternative we would make regulatory filings in Iowa in the middle part of 2012.
William Harvey: We have experienced an economic recession which did have, did have an impact on our load profiles in the State of Iowa, that’s certainly contributes to a sliding backwards in terms of requirements plus the actual timing of retirements is ambiguous and uncertain. At this point in time all of that said Brian the physical reality is that it would be a very unlikely that you could get a combined cycle facility through the regulatory process and constructed before 2013 as well. So ‘16, 2016 as well. So all of those variables leads to that signaled timing.
William Harvey: Yeah Brian that’s part of the rate case in Iowa. The expectation is that we would have benefits that would crew back to the rate peers in Iowa in ‘11, ‘12 and ‘13. and the estimate for 2011 is $61 million and if you take a look at bottom of slide, supplemental slide 5, we’ve tried to identify the impact by quarter.
William Harvey: Well it will depend on the nature of the off-take, the arrangements that are put in place. We can’t really estimate that with any meaningful certainty. At this juncture, obviously we’re going to capture as good and consistent the return as we can on that investment. But, it would be facetious of me to suggest that we know what it is today without having the off-take arrangements in place.
William Harvey: Well it should be operational in end of 2012. We want to get it in service, so that we capture all of the tax benefits.
William Harvey: In fact we want to get it in service so that we can exploit the wonderful wind regime and transmission environment that exists at that site as I indicated in the remarks. We are seeing capacity factors out of Whispering Willow, East approaching 40% that’s pretty cosmic.
William Harvey: Sure, happy to give you a sort of abbreviated color on that decision making process. It starts off – if we had our overwhelming preference obviously we’d be deploying these turbines as a utility asset at either IP&L or WP&L. That sort of goes without saying because we’re regulated utility business but the reality is that we’ve got sufficient positions in place to meet our renewable portfolio standards in Wisconsin and we have sufficient positions in place to meet existing renewable portfolio standards in Iowa. And I think it’s fair to say that the cost of the economic situation that pervades in nation today there is an increased sensitivity to the cost of renewable energy and the impact that those cost could have on customer rates. And so I guess not deploying them as strictly utility-owned assets is heavily influenced by those two variables. We did consider selling the turbines outright, but rejected that as an alternative because we like the technology, we have the technology deployed throughout our owned wind farm portfolio. And so we like to deploy that turbine in our projects. And finally four better ways we think for better. We own rights to develop incremental wind generation capacity in and around the Whispering Willow East site. And the reality is number one it’s a great wind site, wonderful wind regime. Number two because of the construction of Whispering Willow East. The transmission infrastructure necessary to liberates sales from that area is either completed or near completion. And the reality is if anybody reads the trade press today one of the greatest constraints to the development of more wind resource in this country is transmission. And we’ve got a great site with good transmission. And frankly we’re covered this, we want to use that site up before developments in the rest of the system and area create new current transmission constraints which would make it difficult to take energy out of that wonderful wind sites. So we want to take advantage of it and capture the access from that site to the market place while it’s still exist that really is the in a nutshell the decision making process we went through.
William Harvey: Yes, no I don’t think so Jay and the reason I say that is contracts don’t have to be 10 years long or 20 years long or 30 years long they can be three years long, they can be five years long. And it is not at all illogical to need to see the energy from this wonderful wind site fit very nicely into the energy supply portfolio of either of our utilities because as you know both of our utilities are energy short.
William Harvey: The total site capability is 500 megawatts Mike. We already have 200 there. This would be an incremental 100, so there is an extra 200 megawatts of developed siting capability at Whispering Willow East. We also have additional developed siting capability at the Bent Tree site too is a 500 megawatt – 400megawatt site I’m being corrected – correctly so. That’s a 400 megawatt site that we have 200 megawatts constructed upon already. So we’ve got undeveloped – developed capacity at both of those sites.
William Harvey: We very much like to reach an agreement with Dominion that we think is good for our customers. I would say that I’m more optimistic certainly about the prospects of doing that at Kewaunee than I am about Duane Arnold. That said Kewaunee remains a work in progress.Alex Kania – Bank of America: Great.
William Harvey: I think that’s right. Obviously, for us and for most of the country, July was a doozy. It’s been very hot and as Tom indicated we currently estimate earnings in excess of those associated with normal weather of would I say $0.11 to $0.13...
William Harvey: Or $0.12 to $0.14 or even want to understate it, but yet obviously at substantial and so far in August it’s the heat has continued but to Tom’s point we are a third quarter company and Lord knows we could end up having the balance of August and September through the expiration of our seasonal rates. It could get cold. Who knows and they are drifting on more fairly conservative lot and we don’t want to bank the third quarter yet just because of the extraordinarily hot weather in July. We want to wait and see the way the quarter plays out.Alex Kania – Bank of America: Great. And then last question is just you talked about updating your or giving a kind of an update on CapEx I guess into ‘14 by the end of the year would it be fair to assume that you’d give a kind of a look on 2012 at that time as well.
William Harvey: No, no. no it’s okay, I think the pricing for both sites have attacked the issue in the very best of faith. We harbor no negative feelings as it relates to NextEra at all. The reality is an extension of the PPA relating to Duane Arnold is a commercial and economic and financial negotiation. And I don’t think the parties were able to get into the same ballpark in the conversation and at some point in time you have to fisher, cut bait and move on to make sure that we take whatever steps are necessary to meet our obligations to customers. And that really in a nutshell is where we are and what happened.
William Harvey: It will all depend upon what happens in the marketplace number one, number two what kind of optic arrangements we’re able to put in place. Concerning the power produced by the facility. If that yields something that is attractive to us we’d be completely opened to keeping these resources as unregulated assets for a very long time. It is all about economics and frankly all about exploiting the value of that tremendous win site.
William Harvey: It’s probably going to be a little higher Brian, but it’s not going to be significantly different from what the existing guidance is out there.
William Harvey: And then Brian, as we said before, we will be showing that later in the year in terms of our CapEx plan for the next several years and then the corresponding financing plan to achieve that CapEx expenditure profile.
