Patricia L. Kampling: Both, it was the 3 projects at Neal, and some of which would be IPL and Columbia which would be WP&L.
Patricia L. Kampling: Again, what's proposed right now has to do with a lot of the new construction, which again we’re not proposing any new coal construction. What's being discussed that I wouldn’t even say proposed at this point, we'll be working with EEI and rest of industry, on what we think the rules for the existing plans need to be, Brian.
Patricia L. Kampling: Yes. This is Pat. We're still using 2012 weather normalize as our base for that. So if you still use that and use a 5%, that's the range we're talking about long-term.
Patricia L. Kampling: We have it. Pretty well factored and what happened in Iowa is if we file a case, we will not be requesting interim rate. We will request final rates -- would be at the end of the year most likely. Again, there's not a set schedule. We would expect it to be the end of the year, and any refund, at all, would be retroactive back to the February date, when the DAEC payment changes from the old agreement to the new payment. And all of that is reflected in our 2014 guidance.
Patricia L. Kampling: It has to do with the math, Andy, about the -- capacity payments going away and additional rate base getting added. The earning on additional rate base and having lower capacity payments.
Thomas L. Hanson: And Brian, the slide that we will be posting here either today or tomorrow will reflect that in terms of the rate base from the schedules you've seen before.
Thomas L. Hanson: Through September, the capacity factor was approximately 25%, and that reflected in improvement in the transmission line that was completed in the second quarter, we're expecting further improvement due to additional transmission lines that will be done in 2014. So we would expect that cap factor is probably going to get certainly closer to 30%, if not slightly above the 30%.
Thomas L. Hanson: Certainly that's an option. Whether it's driven, [ph] whether it's for a 1k needs and what not. So all those options are items that will need to be considering.
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes, if you recall back in our January call that we made some reference that because of the of the enactment of Taxpayer Release Act that there would be continuing depreciation, so this is reflecting those projects that were started in 2013 that would be placed in service in 2014. As Pat mentioned in her script, the $250 million is the deduction that will take in the tax return, you multiply that times your tax rates. So it's about a $100 million reduction in rate base. Some of that will be split at IPL and WPL, and as I said, the rate base slides that we will be sharing reflect that reduction because of the incremental bonus depreciation.
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes. If we go to, on Slide 9, the effective tax rate was 12%, and then on slide 12 for 2014, the estimate is 20%.
Thomas L. Hanson: Yes. Certainly the biggest rider would be at IPL with the Tax Benefit Rider, and also we do have some flow throughs whether that relates to repairs or mixed up service cost that also influence that and given the fact we have flow-through in Iowa. That's what tends to move your IPL effective tax rate around more than you would see certainly in Wisconsin because of the tax treatment here.
