Lisa Barton: Sure. So I mean, we're feeling very good about where we are with respect to IPL. Everything is going as expected, the schedule on track. If you're looking at a settlement window, it's really any time after the intervenor testimony is submitted through that June 18 deadline.
Lisa Barton: So those recommendations actually have been out for the legislature to consider. As we look at our legislative priorities this year, the mega site development to support economic development is top of mind for us, advancing the advanced ratemaking for alternative technologies. One of the elements that has been brought up in the legislature is asking for a contested IRP and that is something that we are not supportive of. We have been very transparent in our resource plans. We're pro planning, we're pro transparency. But in terms of a contested proceeding, that's just something that is not really consistent with the evolving generation landscape that we're finding ourselves in.
Lisa Barton: I think what you're referring to are the updates on our Clean Energy Blueprint. That is something that we're doing in both Iowa and Wisconsin this year. The work that we're doing there will really identify the projects needed to meet our future resource needs and reflecting changes that are there from the MISO rule contracts. So any CapEx associated with that would be in the fall.
Lisa Barton: Yes, that's a great question, Julien. We are certainly focused on economic development. That's something we're doubling down on. In terms of putting that into our forecast and into our resource plans. We need to have a level of confidence that they'll be there. So just stay tuned with respect to that space. And as I mentioned earlier, later in '24, we will be updating our resource planning needs over the future, where we have factored in load growth and factored in the implications of the MISO rules that are constantly evolving.
Lisa Barton: Well, we constantly watch MISO's work with respect to tranche 1 and tranche 2. Tranche 2 is expected later this year. It'll probably be about the same timeframe.
Robert Durian: Yes, sure, Nick. So we've been very successful at the execution of bilateral agreements with the first round of tax credits we sold here in 2023. As we think about the future and we think about all the different opportunities we have to sell renewable tax credits, we do think we'll get up above $300 million once we get out to that 2025 time frame. When you think about the volume of wind production that we have right now, combined with the 1,500 megawatts of solar that Lisa referenced, the 275 megawatts of battery projects that we've received approval from the PSCW to implement in Wisconsin and the fact that we're going to repower several of our older vintage wind projects, the volume of tax credits, like I said, we'll get above that $300 million level starting in 2025 and continue for several years into the future.
Robert Durian: No, Andrew. So we've consistently, probably for more than a decade now, removed the weather impacts from our adjusted earnings. Really, we think that's the appropriate way to manage the business. We've seen more efficiencies from an operational perspective to avoid ramping up and ramping down cost profiles of our operations group. And so that's something we've done, I think, for the entire 14 years that we've been able to achieve at least 5% growth.
Robert Durian: No, Andrew. I think we're managing the business as we've always managed the business. I think what you're seeing is the first time in the last 6 years where we've actually seen the temperature impacts come in with lower earnings and the previous 5 years, we let that additional earnings flow through to the bottom line and didn't offset that with additional spending. So we feel like we're being very consistent with the way we're operating the business.
Robert Durian: Yes. Right now, we think it will be relatively flat. We are obviously facing inflationary pressures. We also have some additional O&M that we're expecting from the large amount of new generation that we're putting into service with solar projects and battery projects but we have a lot of confidence in the team to be able to offset those impacts with our continued cost control measures.
