John Larsen: Yes. Julien, John here. Yes. I think you have that. Just a little bit of an adjustment for inflation. And then, of course, this time of year, we bring in our new refreshed CapEx. And as Robert noted, we've added a bit there with some repower and some additional resources. But I think you've got the headline on that one. 
John Larsen: I think there's still some moving targets on that, Julien. John here. But I think the net result from what we're seeing, it's very much in line with where we're going with our plan. And as Robert noted, if anything, it appears to have some favorability for both customers and investors. So I think as we see that play out, we'll certainly talk more about any impacts to our plan. 
John Larsen: Yes. Continue to have a lot of focus on advancing underground. What we're working on is making sure we continue to get more and more efficient. So we look at not only advancing the underground but getting efficient with each unit of capital, if you will, Julien. So that's very much in there. 
John Larsen: Yes. Affirmative on both, Julien. The solar in Iowa, we recently announced is in our CapEx, and we don't see the minimum tax as impacting Alliant Energy. 
John Larsen: Yes. Maybe I'll just start off. Yes, it's certainly important, Andrew, from overall cost, and we know it's important for transmission that's needed to connect renewables. So we certainly have a forecast for that and certainly would like to see transmission commensurate with the renewable adds.  We do continue to focus on making sure those investments remain affordable for our customers. So you'll see us weighing in on occasion on those. To handicap what's going to come out with the FERC, I guess I'd say it's going to be -- I'm just going to assume that it's going to be reasonable. It's going to continue to be helpful for transmission to get built. And other than trying to predict numbers, I think we've got a lot of that baked into our forecast, and we'll continue to monitor it. 
Robert Durian: Yes. Sure, Julien. So yes, you'll see in the information that we shared in the earnings release with the CapEx table, we continue to model out a tax equity structure, and that will finance roughly 25% to 45% of these solar projects with a tax equity financing partner. But to your point, we are watching the new legislation that's being proposed in the Budget Reconciliation Bill. And if we do see some type of direct pay, plus production tax credits for solar, we'll reevaluate that financing mechanism. Right now, we've got about $1 billion of financing planned over the next 5 years with the tax equity structures. So that could be an opportunity for us for future rate base growth if those provisions come to fruition through the new legislation. 
Robert Durian: Yes, I might add, Julien. So right now, what we're seeing is the minimum threshold for the book income to qualify for the 15% minimum tax would be $1 billion. And right now, we're probably in that $600 million to -- growing to $700 million over the next few years. So we think we'll be exempt from that assuming that the provision comes out with the same minimum threshold of $1 billion. 
Robert Durian: Yes, Andrew. This is Robert. I guess when we look beyond '25, which we've announced to date, we have provided some guidance through some of our materials that show we're thinking about roughly $7 billion to $9 billion of CapEx over the following 5-year plan. And as you think about that, I think it's going to be a continuation of what we're focused on now. A lot of it is going to be focused on cleaner energy sources. So think of that as more solar, more wind, including repowering opportunities, more storage. So all of those line up well with what our intention is, to translate or transfer our generation fleet to cleaner sources.  And we think this new legislation that's being proposed under the Budget Reconciliation Bill, we'd be very supportive of that and help be able to provide some good cost benefits for our customers through that program. And also, on a continuation of our electric grid spend, so we've obviously talked a lot to you guys about the fact that we feel it's very important to focus on reliability and resiliency in that system. And so we'll see a continuation of undergrounding spend on 25 kV standardization. So that's going to drive a lot of that CapEx in the latter half. So those are the 2 primary categories.  We'll have other things that we'll obviously watch. And as John indicated before, we let our capital compete. We're always looking for the best opportunities for our customers. But those seem to be bubbling up to the top right now as far as cleaner sources of energy and the grid. 
