Pat Kampling: We're not sure if this is a real vacation for him with all the little kids he's with right now, just to be honest.
Pat Kampling: You asked a lot of questions there. Let me take them in order, and Robert chime in, when need be. We actually have on the investment deck on Slide 29 where we have the renewable energy win slide and we've put on that the book value of Franklin County and this was at year end, approximately $130 million Andrew. So, at the time of the transfer would be completed, want to probably check the impairment. So, we're looking into not receiving full approval into early next year, so that's something we'll be evaluating over the next several months. You asked about precedent. You know, again, you are familiar that we've done this on the Wisconsin side of the house already, so we've been working with the parties in Iowa to make sure they understand exactly what we'll be asking for at that point. So, I don't expect to have any large issue with this, and again the rules of that transferred at the lower cost of market, so we'll be following those rules absolutely as well.
Pat Kampling: They are two separate dockets as you are well aware. MidAm is a little bit ahead of us, so I would consider them two separate dockets. As you are well aware though, we are partners with MidAm and several other joint coal units that we have a great relationship with them. But working with the state, as you can tell from our announcement, the state is very excited about both our investment and virtuous investment, so we're working with the state jointly to make sure that all these wind projects are delivered on time for our customers. So there is a very cooperative step between the two of us, but it is -- they are two different dockets.
Pat Kampling: No not at all. Again, before we made the filing, use issued the RFP to the vendors just to make sure that we still have supply out there. We haven't received the bids back yet, but the discussion with the vendor is going very, very well. As you are aware, we actually have the land around Franklin County already. So, we're actually talking to the towns people, and they are very excited for us to be putting more wind around their county. So, we don't anticipate with either utility having any issues with land in Iowa or resources getting these large projects completed.
Pat Kampling: No. This is really too early to be upfront to answer that. We really need to step back and look at our multi-year plan Andrew and our rate case planning. But right now we're targeting our capital plan over the next few years. So we really target that 5% to 7%.
Pat Kampling: The think we have to -- once we get the bids back from the winds vendors, we will expect a CapEx in the year of 2018 and 2019 to be increased from what we currently have. So that's what's we are really working through right now. Brian, it's too early to give you an indication of what those annual numbers are going to be, and we'll share that with you on our third quarter call mostly at EEI. But that's what we're going to -- right now to make sure we understand the capital and the financing plan that goes behind the capital plan.
Pat Kampling: That's a good question. We've been very transparent on this filing in Iowa as you can talk from all the attention we've gotten on it. We just filed last week. It's really too early to tell exactly what other parties are going to be part of it. We'll monitor that and like we've done in other cases, we'll make sure we are very transparent and collaborative with anybody that wants more information on the case.
Pat Kampling: Absolutely. Most of our large customers want to book with us on their sustainability goals as well. So, we've done a lot of outreach trying before we estimate this filing with our large industrial customers. So, I would expect that the case would not have a lot of controversy. But it's too early to say, since we just filed it last week.
Pat Kampling: It's really just a transfer between the utilities. But I think all of us that have on the wind farms are looking down over that repowering opportunities, but that's way down the road, not initially. I mean this wind farm is only a couple of years old and is performing very well.
Pat Kampling: I would tell you that, first we're focusing on our own new build and the ones that we currently own. We are supplementing as we've done historically. We're going to have another existing 770 megawatts of additional PPAs. We actually like the balance of owned wind and PPA wind. That should help stabilize cost for our customers. But we're not looking at any of that at this point, but there is definitely an opportunity down the road to look at that.
