Tom Hanson: Brian, as we said, our objective is to continue to maintain the targeted equity levels at both IPL and WP&L. So you can assume that with largest project here at WP&L that we will have incremental equity needs. We'll be sharing specifics as we issue guidance in later years, but what’s important are targeted incremental equity is included in our forward-looking guidance. So the delusion is reflected in our 5% to7% targeted growth rate.
Tom Hanson: The third quarter we recorded the Minnesota charge and I believe second quarter was Minnesota's charge and then the third quarter was the charge associated with voluntary separation package. So second third quarter. Sorry Brian.
Tom Hanson: I would characterize it that the NOLs along with the additional CapEx are offsetting the effect of the bonus depreciation.
Tom Hanson: The modest amounts that we're adding will not significantly change our equity needs. As Pat made reference, some of this is due to the timing of Riverside. Some of that cost is being pushed out and then we do have the opportunity to backfill as Pat mentioned with some of the electric gas distribution. So it's not going to be materially changing any of our financing needs.
Tom Hanson: In the near term, yeah because when we had our previous forecast assuming no depreciation or potential bonus depreciation we were looking at making modest tax payments beginning in '17 and '18 and now with the extension, we won't have that, but that delta in terms of cash is not that significant certainly in the '17 and '18 timeframe.
Tom Hanson: We have provided a slide in our supplemental slides that kind of highlight that but I would put it basically in two big buckets. The first is dealing with our electric area in terms of certainly continuing to replace existing distribution lines. So it's really trying to upgrade the distribution system and we also have then some modest gas expansion as well.
Tom Hanson: Brian, we update that every single year. You would want it, our non-GAAP temperature adjusted so similar to what we did in '14. So you would want to rebase that now that we reported our actuals for 2015. So the base for purposes that calculation would be $3.57.
Pat Kampling: Yes, what really is Brian is that our sales forecast has come down a little bit. Originally we were about 2% at Wisconsin 1% in Iowa. Now we see it as overall 1% and that's what's really brought us down to more to the midpoint of the range, not to the higher end of the range.
Pat Kampling: Andrew that is correct that they should offset each other as they both have been. We're not revising the CapEx until we know exactly what’s going to happen with the gracious options at this point, but the additional capital for Columbia would be offset by the co-ops purchasing Riverside. But it is possible that one of the options could occur without the other. They’re very independent of each other.
Pat Kampling: Yeah, no, we're very confident and in keep in mind the reason we're gravitating towards the lower end right now is that when rate freezes and the sales forecast change from the timing you agree to rate freezes, but we're still very confident with our plan going forward especially as we enter rate cases about jurisdictions.
Pat Kampling: Yeah. So the Colombia is -- that change is happening during the Riverside construction that's between now and 2019. The purchase option is 2020 and beyond and that's really not in our CapEx plans. That's something we're going to need to monitor. We'll be working with the other utilities as they develop their resource plans as well. But that's not something that we can actually estimate the probability of right now.
Pat Kampling: Steve, we wish we're analyzing the transaction as you can imagine. We're very large customer of ITC. So this is of quite interest to us as you can imagine. So we've had open dialogue with the folks at ITC and we just plan on having the open dialogue and we'll figure out exactly what our position is in their dockets, they have several dockets over the next several months.
Pat Kampling: Sure. We're using 1% now to book utilities. But I would say the growth is out of the 1%. It's higher in the industrial sector and lower in the residential sector.
Pat Kampling: Yes we definitely earned our authorized return with [them] which was about 10.4 and then in Iowa is around the around 10% again excluding the Minnesota sale though.
Pat Kampling: Trend it's actually going through our strategic planning process. Right now looking at other opportunities and where they can expand their current footprint. So I'm very optimistic about some possibilities that they're looking at right now, but they've been very proactive knowing the reduction in their business these are really basically cold transportation. They're looking forward at some other opportunities for them right now, some more to come on that.
Pat Kampling: I would say it might be beyond '16. It would be hard to execute on projects for '16, but definitely going into '17.
Pat Kampling: Sure previously and this goes back to year ago, it was 2% Wisconsin and 1% in Iowa and now it's 1% in both jurisdictions.
Pat Kampling: Yeah, I would just say that we're actually just taking the opportunity to expand some of these projects. We've had a replacement program for our overhead and underground system for years and we're just really increasing that taking the opportunity now to increase that and where we evaluate after this five-year program because actually for the next five years and if we want to accelerate even more in the second five-year time frame and again our customer's expectations are in liability and resilience you just keep increasing.
Pat Kampling: Yes, at a high level, yes the safest [comment] is that they're not going to put any resources to work on any clean power plant implementation. However, the utilities are still working together to try to understand their own circumstances into the plan. So we're working very proactively with the other utilities and we'll just have to see how this plays out in the State.
Jay Dobson: Right. Okay, great. And then earned ROEs at the utilities subs what were those in '15 on sort of a non-weather adjusted basis understanding that weather is going to.
Jay Dobson: Got it. And those are weather adjusted or -- so that would reflect that $0.08 adjustment or maybe more like a $3.57 number. I know it's not fair to say that on a jurisdictional basis but…
Jay Dobson: Got you. Okay fine. And then last one on trended, the transportation segment just what you see going forward there obviously a tough year in 2015 for that segment though it developed throughout the year. So not a great surprise but you look forward through '16 and beyond just volume trends you're seeing.
Jay Dobson: Got it. But if we're thinking about '16 and it's probably within a broad range of guidance would you -- we certainly couldn't get back to the 2014 level of earnings from [Krandex but] probably do see some improvement with some of the strategic initiatives there we're reviewing currently, is that fair. 
