Robert Durian: Thanks John. Good morning everyone. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2019 earnings of $0.53 per share, compared to $0.52 per share in the first quarter of 2018. Our utilities had higher earnings year over year driven by higher electric and gas margins from increasing rate base and higher electric and gas sales due to the colder temperatures, partially offset by higher depreciation expense. Our non-utility businesses had lower earnings year over year primarily driven by timing impacts of Tax Reform benefits recognized in the first quarter of 2018 and higher interest expense. We have provided additional details on the earnings variance drivers for the quarter on slide two. Our consolidated 2019 earnings guidance range continues to be $2.17 to $2.31 per share. The key drivers of the projected 6% growth in EPS are related to investments in our core utility business including our wind expansion program in Iowa and WPL's West Riverside Energy Center. First quarter earnings were in line with expectations. To assist with modeling, please note that the 6% projected increase in earnings for 2019 will note be recognized consistently for all four quarters this year, as IPL's interim rate increase went into effect April 1, thus skewing the earnings growth more to the last three quarters. Slide three has been provided to assist you in modeling the effective tax rates for our two utilities and our consolidated group. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of 11% for 2019. As we continue adding wind generation to our portfolio, the resulting additional PTCs are expected to result in low effective tax rates into the future. Moving to our financing plans, please see slide four for details of our 2019 plan which remains unchanged. During the first quarter Alliant Energy issued 1.1 million shares of new common equity under the forward equity agreements. The remaining shares under the forward equity agreements are expected to be issued by the end of the third quarter. To finance our wind expansion, we also issued our second Green Bond at IPL in early April. Green Bonds provide investors with an opportunity to invest in renewable projects and have helped to lower our overall cost of debt for our Iowa customers. The 2019 financing plans support our objective of maintaining capital structures at our two utilities consistent with their most recent regulatory decisions. We will adjust the financing plan if market conditions warrant, and as our external financing needs are reassessed. Lastly, we have included our regulatory initiatives of note on slide five with two notable developments in the first quarter. First, IPL received approval from the Iowa Utilities Board in March to implement a new energy efficiency plan for calendar years 2019 through 2023. Effective June 1st, our Iowa customers will start seeing direct financial savings from the new plan. And over the next five years, Iowa customers are expected to see approximately $180 million of lower energy efficiency costs compared to the previous five year plan. Second is the electric and gas rate reviews filed by IPL on March 1st. On slide six we have provided the procedural schedules for the IPL retail electric and gas dockets so that you may monitor the progress of these rate review proceedings throughout the year. These regulatory initiatives are important components of our overall operational and financial goals for 2019. We appreciate your continued interest in our company. At this time, I will turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question and answer session.
Robert Durian: I think as Pat mentioned in here prepared remarks, I think there is a higher likelihood of us being able to stay out of a 2021 test year rate review if we get the renewable rider.
Robert Durian: I'd say most likely, its Robert again, Nick, most likely it will probably come up with something in the November timeframe as far as what the 2020 equity needs are.
Robert Durian: At that point, we'll open the indications of what the equity layer is for the IPL rate review which will give us kind of the final piece of the puzzle for us next year.
