Pat Kampling: Yes, what we’re seeing is not only the install cost coming down but we’re actually getting wind sites that are probably a little better than we initially forecasted. So the combination of the two, we think the overall capital plan of the – that were already issued last November, those dollars will be coming down in total, and the timing might be shifting between the years, again, depending on the construction cycles. So we come out with the new guidance in November. Don’t expect it to be a full cost for additional 300 megawatts of wind. All the megawatts are going to be coming down in price. So it’ll be slightly different, but don’t expect it to increase by the full 300 megawatts of – if you do the math that way.
Pat Kampling: Yes, it’s a little bit of both. We always make sure, as we put our capital plans together, that it’s also through the customer lens, because we don’t want to be driving rate increases when it’s not necessary. But the additional winds, we’re still within the 5% to 7% earnings growth. We’ll have more transparency and clarity for you in November as we come out with the entire CapEx plan, not just the additional wind, but the additional infrastructure investments. But it’s a balance, Brian, as you are well aware, between rate increases and earnings growth.
Pat Kampling: Brian, we’ll just give a range. And I just want to also be very clear, the reason we’re increasing our wind investment is because we have confidence that, that will qualify for the 100% PTC and that does have a time frame, a limited time frame. That’s why we’re moving forward with the wind at this point.
Pat Kampling: No, we can’t provide the details. When we file our Q, you’ll see a little bit more information but the terms are confidential. But we’re looking at investments that are close to our core, things that we’re actually – we know very well. We know wind very well. We know the Midwest very well. So we’re looking forward. We’ll be very opportunistic. We want good partners. We want low-risk projects that have a long-term PPA with a very qualified customer at the other end. And it’s just to learn, learn more about these different investment strategies. But again, we’re staying very close to our core.
Pat Kampling: All right. Brian, as we talked in the past, we have a very solid and very straightforward case. However, we’re very open for discussions, but we’re willing to take this case through the full process. But if there is an opportunity to settle, we’re definitely willing to partner in any discussions. But at this point, we’re assuming that we’re going to have the full litigated case. Again, there were no surprises in the intervenor testimony that was filed though. So we need to keep that public in maybe a couple of days. So you’ll have the same takeaway that there’s really no surprises in any of the testimony.
Pat Kampling: No, not at this point. We’ll give you a lot more transparency in November as we – as I said earlier, not only we do the capital plan, we also do rate case planning at the same time to make sure we’re mindful of that. So as you know, we have a very flexible capital plan. We are very proud of the fact that it’s very flexible. But our priority is to make sure we get this wind and that it qualifies for the 100% PTCs. So again, as we get more details on construction cycles and sites, et cetera, we will be able to give you more color on the rest of the CapEx.
Pat Kampling: Yes. No, the wind that we just filed for yesterday, that’s totally regulated wind. So that’s 2 very different investment profiles here. I mean, we say 10%, it’s really no greater than 10%. So we don’t want you to think we’re going to get to 10% for the unregulated side. We just – we capped ourselves at no greater than 10%, but they’re 2 totally different investment profiles.
Pat Kampling: Yes, they’ll be all inclusive, so both the regulated wind investments and the unregulated investments in the unregulated wind is all part of the 5% to 7% earnings growth.
