Pat Kampling: Yes. That's a very good question. Now we're very confident that by when this plant goes online in 2017, it will definitely be needed, Andrew, also at that point. Again, as a lot of these other older coal plants retire in the MISO region.
Pat Kampling: There's a several different methods. Of course, I've been look at our cost to customers. We'll also be looking at the impact of the state of Iowa as well, and reliability is the key issue, especially with all the transmission being built in Iowa as well, so there's multiple facets. Cost being one, but there's a lot of other issues, and Iowa does prefer owned generation as opposed to leased generation.
Pat Kampling: Yes. Our plan is to list with the additional capital that we are putting in place in Iowa, that will make up the capacity payment that we're paying now, and the new PPA will be flowing right through the energy clause, so our strategy has not changed.
Pat Kampling: Sure. That's the beginning of the year when we issued the RFP. We look at alternatives for Iowa customers. We had many, many good quality bids coming, and we've discussed that with you. The bid that we got it from NextEra on the Duane Arnold Energy was very attractive price.
Pat Kampling: Yes. The combination of extending that PPA, plus the gas plant, we believe is in the best interest of our customers and the lowest cost option.
Pat Kampling: Yes, but keep in mind it would not into rate base unit it was in service, so it's really not change those '14 rate base.
Pat Kampling: We will have to evaluate the new traditional resources at that point. We have no conclusions at this point, but you are right. We'll have valuate that.
Pat Kampling: I would say it's too early, but we will as we file our filings with the IUB, it would be fully embedded in that proceeding.
Pat Kampling: It's probably too early to give you that at this point, but again as we go through the process, all come out in the process, so make sure very clear at that point with you.
Pat Kampling: John, I don't know if you heard the answer to the other question. A part of the reduction in the CapEx in '14, that plant wasn't going to be into service till '16, so the earnings from that was really going to be shown in '16, not '14. It's just the AFUDC.
Pat Kampling: Yes. Again, these units that we are discussing right now are some of these older units. A lot of them are the peaking units. Again as we look at the reliability of the system, these units really not be necessary and again due to the age and the maintenance cost of them, we just made a decision to go ahead and retire the book value on those is not very high at all. As it relates to some of the right column, some of the units that we've repowered, some of the coal to gas repowering units, we've got to evaluate those also. Again, those are older units repowering them to gas is really just intermediate solution, so again we'll be working with our regulators to recover all the cost of any retired units. We've been very successful on both, jurisdictions of recovering our cost of retired units on any electric property, and we would anticipate that to continue.
Pat Kampling: Yeah. It's definitely very reasonable ballet, but we would definitely share with our regulators our decision making. It's not the formula that we would show between reliability cost etcetera why we are making the decision to retire certain units.
Pat Kampling: It will be the one that we'll be filing to approval of the gas plant should be in the fourth quarter of this year.
Pat Kampling: Yes, and our goal is to make sure that customer rates are assumed during that period of time. We've been talking about that for a while. Some of the options are working with and we'll proposed. We just had a three-year period, so that we don't have rate increases, rate decreases, but nothing has changed. Again, with the PPA, the new PPA that we're proposing is energy only. That still gives us that whole capacity payment to help with the capital additions that we have going forward, so nothing has really changed, Jay. It will be a little more forthcoming on that as we go throughout the year and get the filings filed.
Pat Kampling: Yes. I guess it both go hand in hand. When a PPA definitely expires, our earnings should be going up much more than customer rates just because we're substituting capital for the PPA payment, so we'll see earnings growth much higher than customer rate increases during that period of time..
Pat Kampling: Yes. We are preserving to plan to make sure it's smooth. As we've been telling people, we're not going to be greedy during this period of time. We'll present a plan that's reasonable.
Tom Hanson: Right. It's going to be all of the emissions projects, so it will be the Ottumwa, Neal 3, Neal 4 as well as Lansing environmental projects and they are identified in our CapEx forecast, so those will be the primary incremental in-service additions over this period of time.
Tom Hanson: As we finalize our plans for 2013, as we issue guidance later this year, we'll certainly convey all of that that's part of our package, but as you said as we continue to look at CapEx and to the extent that we are able to delay some of that by virtue of the new plan for the IPL gas plant, there should be some impact to our future equity needs.
Tom Hanson: If we take a look at WPL, certainly that's pretty well fixed in terms of the addition of Riverside, the Edgewater SCR and the Columbia unit, and as I mentioned it's part of the rate quarter here in Wisconsin, will be increasing rate base by about $400 million in 2013 and $150 million in 2014. In Iowa, as we said, we've got the environmental projects going in service, the gas plant will not be going in service until 2017. Again, as part of our 2013 guidance, we'll be giving rate base forecast at that time.
Tom Hanson: No. I don't think there will be any major changes, because the in-service additions for Ottumwa and Lansing and Neal 3 and Neal 4 had not changed. In fact, if you go to slide four, that highlights the in-service addition, and on the right side, the actual dates themselves that we expect those to go in service. There's really no change of significance at IPL from what our previous CapEx forecast is in terms of the emission projects.
Tom Hanson: As we stated, we continue to expect they will complete the deal by 2012, and so management believes that we'll be able to complete that.
Tom Hanson: No. We should continue to see that fairly consistent over that period of time. Again, we said from 2010, weather normalized through 2016, I mean the expectation is that we will look to achieve that 5% to 7% earnings growth.
Tom Hanson: There's not a linear relationship, but I would say that it's lumpy, but we still feel confident that we can continue to grow earnings in that 5% to 7% for that period of time.
Tom Hanson: Yes. It will be in the 10-Q, which we are planning to file later today. As we typically do separate the two utilities by years, so I think we'll be able to give you from that, Steve,
Tom Hanson: We will continue see bonus depreciation in '12 and to a much lesser degree in 2013, so that's certainly part of our analysis that we've been very mindful of, because we need to look at the entire rate base compliment, which is obviously in many cases influenced by bonus depreciation.
Tom Hanson: Well, we are encouraged they are increasing first of all. Again, we are very mindful that the recession is still part of the reality that we are dealing with Midwest, but we at least are encouraged by some customer improvement, so still we're in the game and what we've stated is that at least for 2012, our earnings projections were not assuming significant growth in electric sales.
Jay Dobson: Maybe just take me through the Duane Arnold, and I asked the question largely because Neal build it and I am pretty sure you did. We are pretty clear you are saying, well we're not going to re-contract with Duane Arnold and then here we are, which since it's not going through the capacity charge, sounds like you got a pretty good. Sort of just talk us through how that developed and we got to where we are today.
Jay Dobson: Okay. Got you, so it really all just came down to price, and obviously the sort of earlier discussions you had with them changed a lot I imagine.
Jay Dobson: No. I absolutely appreciate that, but I am just saying, certainly it would appear to give you more flexibility around the Tier 2.
Jay Dobson: Okay. Fair enough. Have you identified which gas plans will actually be retired. I appreciate the sensitivity of employees and alike, but I don't know if you publicly announce which will be retired.
Jay Dobson: Tom, I heard you equity sort of no need though 2013, which if recall was consistent with what you said previously, yet we are seeing CapEx come down in '14, up in '15, so maybe you are just buying yourself some flexibility for '14, but what makes you not clear that you wouldn't need it in '14.
Jay Dobson: Pat, I wanted to follow-up. I think it came up in an earlier question, but can you just review for us what at least the options are currently in sort of the upcoming Iowa rate case value deal with rather high-class problem of $150 million roughly of capacity charges going away.
Jay Dobson: Right. In addition to keeping customer rates smooth, do you think I'm sure your desire would be, but does the commission have the flexibility to keep earnings smooth over that period, because obviously various states where these environmental projects come into service, so rate base is stepping into somewhat difficult word, but volatile pace and then you have this big 2017 COD, so just help me think through how your are thinking about earnings as well as keep the customer rates smooth.
