Robert Durian: Julien, great question. So customer affordability is going to be a key component of our strategic plan, obviously, here in 2020 and going forward. And we've made some great progress this year. Through the first three quarters, we reduced O&M by about $60 million or about 12% compared to last year. About half of that was from energy efficiency expenditure reductions. The other half is largely related to our ability to manage costs and to accelerate some of the transformation activities for future sustainable savings. And so we'll continue to work on those areas as we look into 2021 and look at all parts of the organization and implement really some changes to drive cost efficiencies throughout our business. I'm really excited about a lot of new technology opportunities for us to drive those expense reductions. And we're also operating with a lot of fewer employees by not backfilling certain vacated positions. So I think our efforts in 2019 really helped us position us well for 2020 and looking forward to the rest of this year position us really well for next year for 2021.
Robert Durian: Yes, Andrew. So we'll be providing some additional details regarding that information later today as part of our November 2025 virtual call as the presentation we'll be sharing next week as part of the EEI Finance Conference. If you think off of a base of 2019, which is the last full year that we've completed, we're expecting approximately an 8% CAGR through 2024. And a lot of that is dependent upon all of the renewables as well as the T&D spend that John and I discussed earlier. So think of that as about an 8% CAGR over that time frame.
Robert Durian: Yes. Think of that, as John alluded to before, we've got a lot of flexibility in our capital expenditure plans. And so when we see there opportunities or requirements to spend dollars in certain areas, we'll flex the rest of the plan to make sure that we comply with our target of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. What we saw here in 2020 is with the derecho storm, we did have to increase our electric T&D expenditures in the Iowa jurisdiction really to restore and to build that system. And so we flexed down some of the other spend. And think of that as just a lot of smaller items, some generation spend for our retiring plants, some spend on our nonutility business to keep the growth aspects there as well as there's been some lower facility spend. So a lot of smaller pieces that added up to what you see in the chart there.
Robert Durian: Yes. At this point, we haven't quantified it. But there was some sales impact, as we alluded to earlier. Think of that as probably about a $0.02 decrease in the third quarter related to just the sales impact. The remaining portions of the restoration costs, we're expecting to get recovery of those costs. And so we've actually capitalized lows. And we're also seeking -- later today, we'll be filing a deferral request for any of the operating expenses as well as the offsetting tax benefits associated with the storm. So beyond the sales impact, it will about negative $0.02. We're not expecting anything else material.
