William Harvey: Brian, we have done sufficient exploration to believe that we can sell the business by year-end next year, but to date there have been no serious discussions with any third party about the potential acquisition. We expect that that process will begin in earnest very shortly. 
William Harvey: Sure, we are advised by people that know much more about these things than we that these businesses tend to get valued as a multiple of their EBITDA’s, depending upon where the market sits at any point in time, somewhere between two and six times EBITDA is what we are advised. 
William Harvey: Honest answer at this point in time Jay, is I don’t know. That’s something that we will figure out in consultation with the advisors that we retain to help us with the transaction. 
William Harvey: I would say it is relatively comparable to the book to business that we had in place at this time last year, plus or minus a little bit. 
William Harvey: I think what you should hear in that remark is that while our efforts at that point in time were continuing with the Dominion Resource is that we are out, the Duane suspect that Dominion would share this perspective that we are of that view that we are not going to get to a satisfactory deal and consequently we think those conversations are ended. 
William Harvey: No, we are not doing a rope a dope here. We think both parties made a very very earnest, intense, good faith effort to reach a mutually acceptable agreement and we just failed to do that, there is no hard feelings either way, but I think we are finished. 
William Harvey: Definitely it was on the lower end, yes. With the New Jersey projects it was seriously negative, yeah. 
Patricia Kampling: Sure, Brain. These cost controls have been work-in-process now for a couple of years and a lot of the work that is going on now is with our generation fleet. We have converted some of our older coal facilities to gas, the second one would be converted in the second quarter of this year. There is so much tremendous bottom line savings to the organization. And I again, we are just an organization of spending the right amount of money at the right time, very (inaudible) and very disciplined and that we are seeing the costing savings in the bottom line just seen in our results. 
Patricia Kampling: Yeah sure, really the story hasn’t changed, the timing of this just works out that we will have the large capital additions going into service at the time the capacity payments roll off. But as part of our rate case strategy we are hoping to have cases going forward with minimal customer impact even with this large capital expenditure plan, so that has not changed. 
Patricia Kampling: Sure, but we’ll probably know, we are hoping in the second quarter once we have our conversations with our regulators on how the cash grounds would be utilized in the rate making process. I mean, really is it’s cash, it’s the grab money from both the Whispering Willow and the Bent Tree Wind Farm, you know combine the capital on those are almost $900 million, so the cash grant money is substantial. In the short run, we will be using it displace some long-term financing that we might need, but over the multiple years, it is really going to be pushing out the need for common equity. 
