Lisa Barton: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. As John stated, we had a solid start to the year, and we are well positioned to achieve our 2024 earnings and growth objectives. Warmer-than-normal temperatures impacted our first quarter earnings, reflecting similar temperatures experienced in the broader region.  It is early in the year, and we have focused our efforts to drive efficiencies in the business and have already made progress implementing cost controls and executing on our customer investments in accordance with our plan. As John mentioned, we have a long track record of consistent operational and financial execution, a principal reason for your confidence in Alliant Energy. Delivering on the expectations of our customers, communities, regulators and investors is foundational for Alliant Energy, and we are committed to continuing to evolve and adapt to meet those expectations on a year-over-year basis. Executing on our investment strategy is key to our ongoing success.  Building on John's comments about our notable solar progress, we are on track to surpass the 3 gigawatt mark of clean, 0 fuel cost energy resources for our customers. In addition to our utility-scale solar investments, we remain committed to partnering with local businesses interested in hosting solar projects. For example, in Iowa, we recently broke ground on 4 customer-hosted solar projects in Grinell.  Alliance Energy operates in business-friendly states that are well positioned for growth and economic development. Recently passed legislation in both states will establish Iowa and Wisconsin for accelerated economic growth opportunities.  In Wisconsin, the sales and use tax exemption for data centers supports a traction of these types of customers. The IRA conformance bill aligns federal and state tax policies, enabling a smooth transfer of renewable credits to Wisconsin companies and the electric vehicle bill is intended to advance fleet electrification efforts across the state.  In Iowa, two key pieces of legislation were signed into law. The mega project build provides incentives to attract large businesses to our pre-review industrial center in AMES and Big Cedar Industrial Center in Cedar Rapids currently meet the criteria specified in the legislation.  The public utilities build makes nuclear and electric storage eligible technologies for advanced ratemaking. This legislation is a clear articulation of the state's support to grow business in the state and to ensure a diverse range of resources are developed to support that growth.  I'm proud of our team's impactful and proactive engagement with the legislatures. The implementation of these business-friendly policies will foster an environment conducive to growth opportunities, help us attract new companies to the area and support growth in the communities we serve.  Iowa and Wisconsin are open for business and Alliance Energy is here to support not only the customers we currently serve but also to ensure that we are supporting the needs of future customers and community growth across our service territory.  Looking ahead, we are evolving and refining our clean energy blueprint. This evaluation is a necessary step as we focus on balancing our energy mix creating greater grid reliability, ensuring customer affordability and addressing MISO's resource adequacy needs.  The results of our updated resource plan will be included in our third quarter capital expenditure update.  Our open and transparent resource planning process allows us to be nimble in responding and preparing for the needs of our customers and communities. Another key differentiator in the states we serve ensuring our ability to be nimble, support and grow with our customers.  Before I turn the call over to Robert, I want to reiterate that we are well positioned to deliver on both customer and investor expectations. We've implemented significant measures to mitigate risk while enhancing reliability. As we continue to execute our strategy, we're uniquely positioned to quickly adapt to a dynamic environment. I would like to echo John's appreciation for our employees who make what we do possible and ensure our continued ability to deliver outstanding value to our customers and meet investor expectations. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Robert. 
Lisa Barton: Great question, and thank you for it. We are open for all types of economic development opportunities in our territory. We have had a fair amount of success with respect to biofuels, great biofuel companies have located in our service territory, particularly in Iowa as well as manufacturing. Data centers are also potential customers for us as we look towards the future.  One of the things that I think is a real strategic advantage for customers locating in both Iowa and Wisconsin is the fact that we do not have a litigated IRP process. That means we can be very nimble in adapting to the needs of our customers that choose to locate in our service territory.  Because we use the clean energy blueprint, it's our open and transparent process of providing discussions with respect to generation, it's not through any kind of formal process or review that other states have. 
Lisa Barton: So we're in the process this year in both Wisconsin and in Iowa of reviewing our Clean Energy Blueprint. So that's something that we are currently in the process of and we'll have any updates with respect to our capital forecast at the end of the third quarter. 
Lisa Barton: Good morning, Paul. Good to have you here today. So with respect to -- if we were to have a settlement on the rate review in Iowa, we would expect that to be a total settlement rather than a partial settlement. But currently, the time to watch is mid-May to mid-June. That's the settlement window opportunity.  The advanced ratemaking that you were referencing, that was last year, the determination as to whether we're at the 10.25% or the $10.75 million that we had in the last settlement would likely be a part of any settlement that we would have. 
Lisa Barton: Good memory, Paul. Yes, it was actually part of some legislation that was circulated and that did not go forward. Iowa recognizes the need for the utilities in Iowa to be flexible with respect to the generation. And in fact, we saw the advanced ratemaking and expansion to batteries and to nuclear investments on a going-forward basis. 
