Robert Durian: Yes, thanks for the question, Dariusz. Yes. As we announced, in 2023, we are planning on issuing up to $250 million of new common equity. As we think about beyond 2023 at this point, there may be some modest levels of new common equity needed. And really, what we're going to target there is to achieve equity ratio at the consolidated group of 40% to 45% as well as to maintain those strong credit metrics that we need at the parent company. I would point to the fact that in addition to the factor of adding a bunch of new rate base as a result of the inflation Reduction Act, we are also going to take advantage of the ability to transfer tax credits into the future. And we think that's going to be a great opportunity for us to reduce those future financing needs. As we think about not only the wind production tax credits, from those that we put into service in 2019 and 2020 or 2020, sorry. But also the solar projects from 2022 through 2025, we're going to generate a significant amount of production tax credits and the monetization of those tax credits are going to significantly reduce the amount of financing needs we have in the future. So, we're not signaling the exact numbers of what the equity would be beyond 2023 as we're still working through the exact timing as well as the amounts of those monetization of tax credits, but we do think that's going to significantly reduce what previously we had expected with new common equity.
Robert Durian: Yes, Michael, maybe I'll give you some sense of the magnitude of the production tax credits that we're forecasting. So right now, we're generating a little over $100 million a year from those wind projects that we've put into service in 2019 and 2020, when you layer on the 1,500 megawatts of solar that we're planning on putting this service by the 2025 time period, that's also roughly another $100 million of production tax credit. So roughly in, the neighborhood of about $200 million to $250 million of production tax credits from wind and solar projects. We also expect, with our battery projects, investment tax credits that will be generated, those will be, I would say, less consistent. They'll be just timed within - we put those into service. But we're talking upwards of probably $200 million to $300 million of annual tax credits and depending upon the ability to monetize those timely. Then we do see some pretty significant inflows of cash flows that will reduce our future financing needs. So, we're still working with the credit rating agencies to know exactly how they'll treat those future inflows of cash. But we know we will be able to reduce our financing needs on the debt side. We're just not sure if that will be reflected as part of our FFO to know exactly how that's going to be treated for the debt credit metrics.
Robert Durian: I think that's a fair statement. We don't expect any years in the future to be even at that level, we're expecting it to be lower than level when you think about '24 through '26.
Robert Durian: Yes, Michael. So the FERC approved the seasonal construct at the end of August. And so there have been some requests to reconsider the timing aspect of it. I would expect that we'll probably hear about that here in the next couple of quarters as the new seasonal construct is going to go into effect, starting on June 1 of 2023.
Robert Durian: Yes, sure Nick. So we're continuing down the path. We kicked off several years ago to create some sustainable O&M savings in the business and are working to advance those efforts. We go back to 2019 and bring it forward. We've reduced O&M about 5% or about $40 million in total. So in 2022 here, we've done quite a bit of work with different strategic initiatives to set us up for a solid financial future, including expenses incurred this year to enable sales growth through economic development and electrification. We've updated our resource planning to maximize the IRA benefits and meet our new seasonal requirements and then accelerated technology and automation investments to gain cost efficiencies. So quite a bit of work in 2022 to really help us offset and reduce inflationary pressures that we're going to see in 2023. We're also expecting our coal plant costs to go down in 2023, partly because of the Lansing Generation facility retirement as well as the fact that we're able to defer costs associated with the Edgewater 5 Unit as a result of the last rate case. So when you kind of factor all that together, we actually expect 2023 O&M expenses to be lower than 2022. And so, we'll use that to offset some of the impacts we're seeing as far as interest rate increases. And so as we think about the key drivers for next year, those are probably two of the factors that will offset each other, and then we'll see the growth largely from all the investments that we're making in solar and battery projects in both our Iowa and Wisconsin jurisdiction. From a longer-term perspective, it will continue to be a focus for us for O&M. We'd say probably flat to declining over the longer term, and we're really focused on that right now from a customer affordability perspective.
Robert Durian: I don't think anything specifically other than just as we think about that rate case, as John indicated, it's largely going to be the timing of when we put into service those solar and battery projects. And so right now, they're scheduled for that second half of 2024. So we'll want to file that about a year in advance of the in-service date so that we can get the rates into effect. And start recovering on those investments when they go into service as well as start providing back to customers the production tax credits as well as the energy savings or energy margins from those projects. So it's largely going to be timed with the - with that next major construction in service dates for the 475 megawatts of solar and batteries.
Robert Durian: Yes, Nick, think of it as fairly modest and relatively flat, maybe a slight increase in 2023, but nothing significant or material.
Robert Durian: Yes, I think you've got the right thinking as far as when we think about the rate base CAGR at roughly 8%. So really, the offset to that right now is financing costs, both the new equity that we proposed in 2023 as well as we are expecting some higher interest expense at the parent and non-regulated businesses. So that's the key offset as we think about the next few years. I would say that - we do have some opportunities to be kind of in the upper half of that earnings range when we get out to the full impact of the rate base opportunities, but we tend to kind of signal our longer-term guidance range of 5% to 7% and target that midpoint and very comfortable with that over the next four or five years.
John Larsen: Dariusz, this is John here. I just might add that primary drivers here are really growth, renewables and dispatchable as Robert had outlined. And the IRA alone adds about $1 billion of investment that will have really minimal or no impact - will impact the customers so really a great CapEx update and refreshment.
John Larsen: Yes, I think thinking of it as continued on the 5% to 7%, Dariusz. But as you noted, the capital plan we have - sets us up quite well for a very long-term, 5% to 7%. So we feel very well positioned and a lot of strength in that 5% to 7% long-term outlook.
John Larsen: I just might add, Michael, a lot of moving parts there, but a lot of positives as well. So as you can imagine, I think we're following that as a modest in the future, but working towards making that on the low end, if at all needed.
John Larsen: Yes, maybe I'll start. We're anticipating that seasonal construct. It's a matter of probably when, not if, as we see that go forward. So we've been doing a lot of planning for that in advance. We've got capacity and resource needs just from our load growth and maintaining reliability. And then when you add, what we'd expect on the seasonal construct, if you think of that long-term with resources and resource plan, it's just going to drive some additional resources for us. Timing-wise, I might ask Robert to opine on where we're at on the schedule for that, but it's likely to happen. It's just timing is the question, Michael.
Nick Campanella: Hey good morning everyone. Good to connect here. Thanks for all the updates. So I guess, Robert, I assume you've now kind of provisioned the new plan here for higher inflation. Can you maybe just give us an update on kind of how you're viewing O&M, how you're viewing long-term interest rate, financing sensitivities in this new 5% to 7% EPS plan? And I know that in the prior plan, you might have been assuming some O&M cuts. So just trying to think about how you're thinking through that in this new plan? Thanks.
Nick Campanella: Got it, that's super helpful. And then just maybe an update on rate case strategy. You're going to file in WPL for '24, '25. I heard you say that you're going to do Iowa in the first half of '24. I did note that you said test years under analysis for IPL. So could you just kind of give us a sense of what the considerations there are? And just recognizing, I think you've already moved toward the forward-looking test year in this jurisdiction so what's just the other considerations in that test year that we should be thinking about? Thanks.
Nick Campanella: Got it, that's really helpful. And one last from me and I recognize it's small, but you do have a small proportion of unregulated earnings, mostly at parent, and I'm just curious in this new forecast, are you just holding that flat? Is there any kind of considerations there around the unregulated business either way? Thanks.
