Pat Kampling: Thanks Lu, and good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm first going to give you the headlines of the quarter and then discuss a few recent events. After my remarks John will provide updates on several of our key strategic priorities. And then, Robert will provide details on our financial results and highlights of our regulatory schedule. So, for the headlines. First, we achieved another solid quarter of performance including benefits from weather. Second, we are reaffirming our earnings guidance range and based on our year-to-date results, we are trending towards the top half of the range. Third, we announced our financing plans for 2019, which includes issuing up to $400 million of new common equity. And fourth, things are really busy here, but everything is going well. Let me now speak to some recent events. On Thursday, July 19, an AF-3 tornado tore through Marshalltown, Iowa causing catastrophic damage to the downtown business district and many homes and businesses around it. Needless to say that most of this town's 27,000 residents with damaged homes and businesses without electric and gas service. It was a true miracle that no one was killed or seriously injured. We were so thankful that our Marshalltown generating station operations center and training center were not damaged. So our employees were able to immediately begin their restoration efforts. But, the sheer dedication and determination of our talented teams, they replace 200 poles, strove many miles of wires and restored power to over 10,000 electric customers and released 5000 homes in under a week. The local support of our crews has been tremendous. We greatly appreciate the patience of our customers especially as they are dealing with their own damage. We are working closely with our customers and the various agencies in Marshalltown to help the area recover as soon as possible. The total cost of our restoration efforts will not have a material impact on our third quarter results. And last week, we announced our agreement with NextEra Energy to shorten the term for the purchase power agreement for the Duane Arnold Energy Center by five years with the new expiration date at the end of 2020. Details of this agreement can be found on Slide 2. The savings will flow back to customers and they are significant. Starting in 2021 customers will save approximately $40 million annually which translates to a $42 per year reduction in a typical residential customers' bill. This agreement not only allows us to pass these savings on to our Iowa customers, but it also includes four new PPAs from NextEra, increasing our wind energy in Iowa. It was important to us that we replace one emissions free resource with another. Including this additional wind, we estimate renewables will make up over 40% of our Iowa energy mix in 2021. Alliant Energy did initiate a docket with the Iowa Utilities Board requesting recovery of the one-time $110 million buyout payment to NextEra. The request includes earning a return on the payment at our weighted average cost of capital. We expect approval before year-end and based on our resource planning forecast this agreement does not increase our generation resource needs. And the last item I want to mention is that yesterday, we launched our 2018 corporate sustainability report on our Web site. This report reaffirms our commitment to provide economical energy in a sustainable manner and also shows our alignment with United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. A few key items to note include, our plan includes retiring our remaining coal facilities by 2050, a reduction in our carbon emissions for our 2005 levels of 40% by 2030 and 80% by 2050. And renewables will be nearly a third of our total energy mix by 2030. I encourage you to review the report and see the progress we've already made for creating a better tomorrow for our customers, community and investors. I'm excited about our achievements so far this year. Our team will continue to focus on the following goals for our company in 2018. Completing large construction projects on time at or below budget and in a very sustainable and safe manner. Advancing cleaner energy through additional wind and additional fossil plant retirements, completion of the West Riverside Energy Center and substantial investments in wind energy, deliver on our 5% to 7% earnings growth guidance and a 60% to 70% common dividend payout target, and we will continue to manage the company to strike a balance between capital investment, operational and financial discipline and cost impact to customers. With that, I will turn the call over to John, who will provide updates on several of our key strategic priorities.
Pat Kampling: No, that's a good question. Now what's consistent with our current capital plan and also our strategic plan that's been out there for the last couple of years, we just really firmed up our statements.
Pat Kampling: Sure, Andrew. We just had such a great opportunity with wind. We focused on that first. We're good at wind; we know how to do wind. So that was our top priority. There's definitely a role for solar. We do have several solar farms in our service territory already that we're -- I consider the more R&D for us. They're all slightly different and there's a picture of them in our investor deck, but that's something we're still evaluating as everybody needs to especially as the cost of solar technology declines.
Robert Durian: Thanks John. Good morning everyone. Yesterday we announced second quarter 2018 earnings of $0.43 per share compared to $0.41 for share in the second quarter of 2017. The key driver for the $0.02 increase was higher electric sales to residential and commercial customers caused by warmer than normal temperatures in May and June in the upper Midwest. Additionally, we are pleased by the strength of the industrial sales in the second quarter which grew 2% year-over-year. These sales increases were partially offset by the timing of income tax expenses and timing of cost incurred at our generating facilities in the second quarter. We provided additional details on our earnings variance drivers for the quarter on Slide 4 and 5. For the first half of 2018, temperatures in our service territory have increased Alliant line Energy's retail electric and gas margins by approximately $0.07 per share. Due to WPL's earnings sharing mechanism we currently expect a majority of the higher margins resulting from temperature impacts at WPL will be given back to our Wisconsin customers. As a result, the year-to-date temperature impacts, net of a reserve for WPL earnings sharing mechanism are estimated to be a $0.05 per share increase in margins. With another quarter of solid earnings, we have reaffirmed our full year 2018 earnings guidance range of $2.04 per share to $2.18 per share. Due to the increased margins from temperatures in the first half of the year and assuming normal temperatures in our service territory for the remainder of the year, our full year earnings forecast is trending towards the top half of our earnings guidance range. Five, six has been provided to assist you in modeling this year's effective tax rates for Alliant Energy and our two utilities, including the impacts of federal and Iowa state tax reform and the tax benefit writers. We estimate a consolidated effective tax rate of 12% for 2018. Moving to our financing plans, which we have summarized on Slide 7; our 2018 financings are progressing according to plan. During the second quarter, we completed the issuance of $1 billion of debt at Alliant Energy Finance and used the proceeds to retire $595 million of term loans maturing in 2018 and to reduce commercial paper borrowing. Through July, we have completed approximately 2/3rds of the $200 million of new common equity issuances planned for 2018. Lastly, we still plan to issue up to $600 million of long-term debt at IPO later this year with $350 million being used to refinance maturing debt and the remainder to fund WPL's wind expansion program. As we look to 2019, our plan includes issuing up to $400 million of new common equity up to $500 million of long-term debt at IPO and up to $400 million of long-term debt at IPL. This 2019 financing plan is driven by the robust capital expenditure plans for the utilities, regulatory decisions on delivering tax reform benefits to our customers, and the recently approved increase in WPL's common equity percentage by the PSCW. These 2018 and 2019 financing plans support our objective of maintaining capital structures at our two utilities consistent with our most recent regulatory decisions. We will adjust the financing plans if market conditions warrant and as our external financing needs are reassessed. Lastly, we have included our regulatory dockets of note for 2018 on Slide 8. Our regulators have issued several constructive decisions so far this year that support our wind expansion program and authorized us to provide our customers 2018 tax reform benefits with billing credits. These recent regulatory decisions and regulatory filings are important components of our near-term operational and financial results. We very much appreciate your continued support of our company and look forward to meeting with many of you over the next several months. At this time, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to facilitate the question-and-answer session.
Robert Durian: Yes, sure. I appreciate the question. And maybe to give just a little bit of background as to the '19 equity and what drove that at the $400 million level is a little precursor. So first off, there's really three key drivers for the new equity in 2019. First is the robust capital expenditure plans over the next couple of years led by the wind expansion program in Iowa and the West Riverside natural gas facilities Wisconsin. The recent IEB decision approving the second half of the 1000 megawatt wind expansion program at IPL's solidifies our deal for that 2019 equity to finance that wind expenditures. Second, our 2018 and 2019 financing plans have also been impacted by the regulatory decisions in the second quarter by our two state commissions authorizing billing credits for the customers for the federal tax reform benefits. We've decided not to adjust our 2018 equity plan to finance these lower cash flows, but instead catch up the equity components of these lower cash flows for 2018 and 2019 with the 2019 equity plan. And third, we've adjusted our 2019 equity plans based on the new capital structure at WPL that was approved by the PSCW yesterday. The new capital structure at WPL reflects a higher equity percentage and will issue a common equity in 2019 to achieve that higher equity percentage at WPL beginning in '19. So with the new equity in '19, we're still going to be within that 40% to 45% common equity ratio that we target at the consolidated level. And for the FFO to debt, we're probably in the mid-teens is how I would characterize it.
Robert Durian: Yes. So as we probably told you guys on the road, we're re-evaluating our capital expenditure plans beyond 2019 and we'll give you a better look at that when we get to the November meeting. And so I would say to be determined yet because it's still in flux. We are also pursuing higher equity layers in our Iowa regulatory capital structure and that decision most likely won't be until probably sometime in the 2019 or 2020 timeframe. So that's still yet to be determined. And finally, we have still decisions regarding the tax reform benefits beyond 2018 that need to be decided by our regulators. And so all three of those factors will likely need to be determined or factored into what we're going to do for future equity issuances. So you need to give us a little more time to sort through that and we'll give you some more information if not later this year sometime into 2019.
Robert Durian: Yes. So the legislation has been passed in May. But we're still working through the procedures on how the filings will work for a future test period. That'll probably take it through maybe the end of this year into early next year. So we probably will have a better sense of that when we get closer to the next regulatory filing date which we're targeting right now to be probably sometime in early second quarter of 2019 with the first round of wind expansions that we're targeting.
