Robert Durian: This is Robert. I'd say, what we saw in April and May was the low point, but here in the June and July, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we saw commercial and industrial down maybe about 3%. A lot of that was largely offset by an increase in residential sales. So that's the more recent trends we're seeing, hoping that continues through the remainder of the year. And that's what we projected at this point to get us to a full-year forecast, and we bottomed 2% to 3% temperature-normalized decrease for the calendar year relative to last year.
Robert Durian: I'd say it was more of a step change when we work from May to June, and I think a larger part of it, as you indicated, was largely to reopening the States. But yes, from May to June, it was quite a bit of a jump with bit little bit - levelized off at this point from June to July, but a lot better than we expected. So we are optimistic.
Robert Durian: Good question. Andrew, thanks. Yes, we got into the deal with very strong market demand for that debt issuance and we utilized that obviously to capture that lower interest rates. To this point of view, the proceeds largely for two purposes. One is to retire $200 million of debt in June that was expected to be maturing in, I think, September of this year. Right now, we have about $200 million left on our balance sheet in the form of cash. We're going to use a $110 million of that for the payment that we needed to make to next hurdle to terminate the Duane Arnold energy purchase power agreement. In the remaining funds, the larger will be invested in wind projects that we're continuing to finish up, including the Richland project that will be finished sometime later this quarter.
Robert Durian: Thanks for the question. I'd say, we're very well prepared going into the second half of the year. The employees have done an amazing job of identifying a lot of different opportunities to reduce costs for our customers, a majority of which are sustainable, others are temporary in nature. But a lot of flexibility is how I'd characterize it at this point, with being able to adjust. If we do see an upsurge or resurgence of the pandemic, and some related sales implications, we feel very well positioned as we look at the rest of the year.
Robert Durian: Yes, Michael, thanks for that question. Actually we're very encouraged by the progress we're making with the 2021 customer rate stabilization proposal, and we currently expect a decision from the PSCW sometime later in this quarter, it could be as early as later this month. In general, overall, we saw support for the plan given the purpose of it was driven. We'll try and protect our customers from rates given the economic conditions that we've seen through this pandemic. We were very pleased to see the support from the major customer groups representing our residential and C&I customers.
Robert Durian: Yes. So I'll try to give you a little picture of the past precedent. So we’ve had a few different examples in both of our jurisdictions where we saw its recovery pertains a little bit early. Both states has approved, both a return of and return on a full recovery of those facilities. Those facilities generally with the remaining balances will probably in the 10s of millions of dollars each. So as we look forward, we have announced the Edgewater 5 retirements by the end of 2022. So we're expecting that that decision and that issue will be addressed in the next rate filing that we make sometime next year. Iowa, we've not announced any early retirements to the states, and we're evaluating that as part of our Clean Energy Blueprint that we're performing in Iowa and we will have some more information to share later this year of any potential early retirements for Iowa.
John Larsen: Hi, Andrew, John here. I think I might add that. We've seen businesses really plan for and prepare for how to operate during the COVID crisis. So we've seen some really innovative ways for businesses to get back to the production and still address the safety needs of employees, et cetera. So I think it's a combination of that, just some really smart business operations we're seeing as well.
John Larsen: Yes, you bet, Andrew. So you've got the timing right for that and we've assumed that there will be options taken in our plan. I won't speak for the potential co-owners, I'll let them address that. So nothing to add on the IP sides where our plans will assume that they taken ownership interest, and I think you've got the timing right. Appreciate the question.
John Larsen: What I had shared Julien is, as Robert noted, we've taken a lot of actions in the first half of the year reducing cost and help offset lower sales. So that's kept us solidly at the midpoint. But what we take a look here, the weather trends that we've seen here in July, we would see that helping us trend into the upper half of the guidance range.
John Larsen: I think, Mike, you've got the magnitude right. I think, as we look at some of the larger facilities, they certainly have a little bit larger balance. But as we filed with our Clean Energy Blueprint, all of that factors in to show a net customer benefit for our plans going forward. So certainly can't tell you exactly how that's going to play out with regulators right now, but I think we have a solid track record of working with the regulators in putting a very - very solid plan that makes sense for customers or we wouldn't file that. So I'd say, we feel comfortable with that filing, but some of those are yet to be determined.
