EdMcGowan: Sure. So, Marcus this is Ed. Yes, the slowdown in traffic typically in years we don't have events whether it's an Olympics or a World Cup. We do tend to see traffic lighten up especially in Europe during the summer months, usually last couple of weeks of July going through August. And we just didn't see that this year and what was interesting is we did see relatively strong traffic in Europe and really across the board in all different parts of the business, OTT, we saw it in gaming. We saw it in software downloads as well. So it was encouraging not to see that slowdown and we had modeled in some of the slowdown we provided our guidance last quarter that explain some of the over performance. And then in terms of the streaming OTT launches, I get a couple questions in there how well leveraged are we. I think we're very well leveraged with the most publicized OTT offerings in the sense that we've got great customer relationships with the folks that are coming out with new services. We build out a lot of capacity over the last couple of quarters here that's why you are seeing our CapEx be higher than normal and that provides you a benefit when you're competing in a multi CDN world, having ample capacity and having capacity in the right areas. It's not just about having a total amount of capacity, but having capacity in the right operator networks, in the right cities, in the right locations around the world is critical. And also we talked about earlier; we had gone through a number of pricing renewals throughout the year with a lot of these folks. So we believe are well-positioned to capture our fair share. Now most of these players are multi CDN and in some cases some of them own their own CDNS, but again we think we're well positioned and are continuing to build out for what we hope will be significant traffic.
EdMcGowan: Sure. Keith, your question was around US versus international growth. So let me tackle it this way. Let me just remind everybody on the US side, we have flat year-over-year and then a bit challenge for us - and just as a reminder, that's where we have our Janrain accounts, those were down a couple of million quarter-over-quarter this quarter. And we also have the US commerce vertical in the US number of bankruptcies this year, including a couple this quarters. So still a challenged area. And then also a lot of the repricings for consolidations that we talked about earlier - in earlier quarters or in that area. But I think the question would be, how - what do you have to believe to see growth accelerate in the US and I think the three main categories. The first one is what Mark mentioned earlier on his first question around OTT growth, but just traffic in general where we're seeing strong traffic in not only just streaming video, but also music, OTT social et cetera, gaming. Then also Janrain, Janrain is a new addition, as Tom talked about, don't have a ton of penetration yet in the US, that's a new security product and then security in general when you look at enterprise, which is really in the early days and also new customer acquisitions. We've done a pretty nice job in the last couple of quarters of increasing our new customer acquisition in most of that's being led by security. So those would be the things you have to believe in order to start to see the US growth rate increasing as we go into the future. And as far as the international growth, that's been very strong as you pointed out, and a lot of that has to do with the fact that we made some significant investments in GTM, go-to-market over the last couple of years and we're starting to see that pay off. Very strong growth in Asia across all of our products, including media. Our web products as well as security seen very solid growth in EMEA. And then also Latin America and Middle East, we see a big opportunity to continue our growth as evidenced by our Exceda acquisition.
EdMcGowan: Yes, good question, Will. I'd say there are two factors when you look at kind of the year-over-year. One is we had a really strong year in media last year. So a little bit tougher comps, but really pricing is the main driver. We've called it out for the last several quarters; it was a number of very large renewals that we went through for consolidations that we hadn't seen of this magnitude in the industry. So that was something that definitely was making the growth cost much harder. In terms of pricing renewals going into Q4, we factored everything into our guidance. I think if you look at the OTT launches, we factored in some growth associated with that, given that there in November, there's just not a ton of time left in the quarter. So not a huge expectation there and then with our giant customers, we had talked in the earlier quarter about the fact that we had a couple of renewals this quarter and were expected to be down $3 million or $4 million. We actually were only down about $2 million. So it's a little bit better there. And we expect that to be up a couple million next quarters.
EdMcGowan: Okay, Sterling. This is Ed. Yes, so we've always talked about how video is our largest source of traffic and it's our fastest growing source of traffic. So OTT is a pretty big part of the Media and Carrier business today. We do a ton with live sports; part of the strength we saw in Europe was as a result of folks that have sports rights. I didn't see any slowdown there and see the audience sizes growing. We do several live television offerings, linear television as well as a lot of video on demand. So it's been a very strong part of our business and continuing to grow. We're seeing some pretty good signs in terms of user adoption, bit rates increasing and traffic growing.
EdMcGowan: Yes, I said there are the two things in the web performance business that is driving the performance that you're seeing. One is obviously security that you're right to point out that's been the primary driver, but also we're seeing really strong growth internationally both in Europe and Asia. So US have really been at the problem for us in terms of the US commerce verticals. So we're not ready to declare victory there yet, there is still some room to go there. And as I had mentioned, it was a couple of bankruptcies this quarter, has been probably over 10 so far this year. So still a troubled vertical for us. So until that really stabilizes I think it's tough to say that we're completely out of the woods on that part of the business, but again, we're seeing really strong security and web performance in Europe and Asia has been pretty strong for us.
EdMcGowan: Yes, so just on the HQ, we'll be moving into our HQ later this week. So there won't be anything material related to the HQ from a CapEx perspective next year because we don't anticipate anything. And then on the build-out, we've been building out in advance as we've talked about and I think really what it is going to depend on is, how much demand do we see. To the extent that we see significant demand, we may build a little bit more in the first half of the year to be prepared for that. But we have made pretty significant investments, now we'd expect us to be giving guidance, but toward the higher end of our long-term range for CapEx here for the next several quarters.
EdMcGowan: Yes, obviously, we're going to be very judicious with anything that's a larger acquisition. It's not impossible we do something larger. In the area of security, valuations are pretty high today and you're not going to see us do anything wacky in terms of the financials. We're very happy with our own capabilities where we see good technology that makes sense financially. We're going to buy it. And then we're going to develop it and bring it to market and now with a security business that's at our scale, we're in a really good position to do that. In terms of direction, I think you'll see us continue to work in them all that we've been working in, things that are a natural adjacencies for us that complement our portfolio, that work - that really benefit well from having a true Edge platform that will be synergistic with our customer base. Now that we're in enterprise security, I think that now extends to most major enterprises. Those are the areas where we'd be looking for. Obviously, we care a lot about security and that's broadly construed everything from protecting websites, for protecting applications, protecting datacenters, protecting identity, user information, now protecting enterprises. So I think building out in that area is obviously of interest and as you saw, we are purchasing Exceda, which is a leader in a different geography where we want to see a lot more growth in our traditional businesses, content delivery and to some extent web security. So I think what you've seen us do is a good blueprint for what's coming. There will be acquisitions that will fit well and benefit from the Akamai Edge platform and they'll be synergistic. They're not going to be nutty in terms of cost for things given some of the valuations out there.
EdMcGowan: Yes, sure. So the ChameleonX and KryptCo acquisitions are immaterial. We're actually going to absorb the headcount into our normal hiring plan. So no real impact on OpEx. As far as revenue goes, we'll be integrating those into our products. So don't expect any material revenue here certainly in Q4 and in 2020. As far as Exceda goes, we talked about Q4 being about $2 million of revenue and about $0.01 dilutive as we go through the integration and then what we've talked about in our press release we issued when we announced the deal about $15 million of revenue for 2020, actually about $0.01 or $0.02 accretive to next year.
EdMcGowan: Sure, I'll take it - I'll take that those. So first, I'll start with the sequential increase in OpEx. I talked in my prepared remarks that there are a number of things that factor into it. First thing is, historically in Q4, we tend to see a pretty big jump in our sales incentive compensation plans related to folks hitting accelerators. In this year we're having a good year. So we're anticipating a number of folks tripping into accelerators. The other thing I talked about a couple of million dollars of OpEx is related to our building that pushed from Q3 to Q4. And then there is also the rent expense with the new building. So we're moving - and I mentioned, we'd be moving at the end of this week. So we have additional rent costs that go into the building as well. Those are the main drivers in terms of the sequential uptick in operating expenses. And also we have our customer conference for Europe and Asia. We had our US conference earlier on in the year. In terms of the international versus the US growth rates, we don't break those out, but it's safe to say that both of those are very strong and pretty similar, probably a little bit faster in the international, especially in Asia. And then your question on 2020 being a stronger year. We've talked about on some of our earlier calls as we think about 2020. 2020 is an even year and in even years we do tend to have more events. Next year, we have the Olympics, as well as the presidential election. And if I looked back to 2016, the last election we did see a nice uptick in traffic and typically with events like the Olympics that tend to go over several weeks, we do get some additional revenue. Usually there, you're signing up a number of rights holders across the world. So it does tend to be a decent event, nothing overly material, but a decent event that adds to the growth rates and then as we've talked about, obviously there is a couple of OTT launches coming here in the next month, as well as a few that are rumored to be coming in early 2020 and those will help our growth rate in 2020 as well.
EdMcGowan: Sure, I'll take this one. On the network build side, it really wasn't a reflection of demand. It's really just the timing of the CapEx in terms of when it actually rides and we reported the CapEx. So nothing there from a demand perspective literally, just timing issue. And then on the CDN being flattish for the year and in the guide on security obviously had a good quarter here and securities, probably closer to the high-20s for security for the year and still flattish on the CDN side.
TomLeighton: Yes, I'll take the first one, this is Tom. We're really excited about the security business, the flagship products there are Kona Site Defender, which provides the cloud-based web app firewall solution that keeps sites from being taken over or corrupted or data being stolen and Prolexic, which stops the denial of service attacks that come at the IP or the routing layer. And those are the flagship products we've built a ton of capabilities on top of that. You mentioned Bot Manager, which is just doing incredibly well. We talked about growth more than 50% year-over-year and Bot Manager stops the kinds of attacks where an adversary is trying to buy up all the inventory, it could be an article of clothing, could be tickets to a sports event, stops the price scrapers which can cause a lot of expense for the website, especially travel websites and maybe most importantly stops the accounts effort. And this is the bots that are checking out stolen our guests credentials against your bank account to see if they got the right one, then they can drain your bank account and we've had fabulous success in stopping those kinds of attacks and that's I think a key reason why it's - the revenue is growing so rapidly. And the best news there is, we got a long way to go just in our existing base and of course, also signing up new customers. You mentioned Janrain, the acquisition we did at the beginning of the year for their identity cloud capabilities, which we're integrating into our platform. I think one of the exciting use cases there is to help our customers manage user data, opt in requirements and to help them be compliant with the laws that are being passed all around the world. I think a lot of people are familiar with GDPR in Europe, especially now that's some multi-hundred million dollar fines have been issued. But you have a law coming into effect in California, CCPA on January 1. Most of our customers probably are not yet compliant. We can help with that. You'll have other states in the US; New York will be passing laws and many other countries around the world. And these laws are all a little bit different and our customers are going to need help making sure that they can be compliant. And I think we really could help using our identity cloud solution, which we're creating a part through the Janrain acquisition. We've talked about our enterprise security solutions, a notion of zero trust. I think there is a very exciting future there. We're seeing substantial customer wins there, as people start embracing the zero trust concept and methodology. Again, revenue is growing over 50% there as well. We talked about the new acquisitions. Edge integrity, which is the ChameleonX acquisition I think, is very important. This is where we stop things like Magecart that have caused some large data breaches on famous websites. In turn, again huge fines, multi-hundred million dollar fines being imposed when those breaches have happened, and I think Akamai is in a fantastic position to protect our customers against those kinds of attacks. People don't think about it a lot today, but most of the content you get, when you go to a website, doesn't really start or originate at that website. It's third-party content. Content used for marketing purposes, for performance management, advertising, all sorts of other things. And it turns out that content can often have malware in it or that a website will link to a partner who provides these services and they will be compromised with malware and that results in the end user giving up their private data like a credit card. And Akamai is in a really good position to stop that and we'll be looking forward to introducing a product into the market next year, early next year, which we call page integrity management. We talked about KryptCo, another small acquisition, but with some really exciting technology around push-based multi-factor authentication. And the interesting thing there is what a lot of enterprises use for that today is vulnerable to phishing attacks. And that people don't think about it a lot, but that's not very good and with the integration of KryptCo, we're going to be able to stop those attacks for enterprise. So there's a lot of exciting innovation going on in cloud security at Akamai. And we're looking forward to continued strong growth there. And Ed, I'll turn it over to you for the other question.
TomLeighton: Yes. Pretty much everything - all of - everything we're doing involves Edge computing in some way. Certainly everything we're doing involves the Edge. And the Edge enhances pretty much everything that we're doing. As we look toward 5G, I think that's really exciting in terms of enabling new kinds of applications around the Internet of Things. There's been a lot of buzz about IoT, but so far, we haven't seen so many killer applications. But I think that could be in the process of changing. As we look across our customer base, I would say a lot of our customers in several different verticals are now engaged in projects involving IoT. Sensors in sneakers, sensors in clothing or sports equipment, sensors on price tags, obviously cars, obviously mobile devices and gaming, big IoT potential markets and the reason I think 5G is helpful here is because it will allow many billions more of devices to connect. The latency will be much lower across the air than it is for 3G and 4G and the throughput will be higher. So that means you get more devices can communicate more effectively and that's enabling I think for some of these at the same time people are coming up with these IoT applications and I think that could be very exciting. Now one of the nice things about 5G is that I think it makes it even more important that you have a real Edge network and not an Edge platform in name only, which we hear a lot from our competition. But a platform where you're really close to the last mile, you are deep inside, the carriers and the cellular networks that are offering this capability and Akamai is really unique in that context. And once the latency is lower in the last mile, and you have higher throughput, now, you really can take advantage of applications with low latency and high throughput, if you really have an Edge platform and because there you have the capacity in the last mile and you're close to what you have low latency. If you're trying to serve out of the core datacenters, you're still going to have latency problems even when 5G comes. And you're still going to have throughput problems even when you get better throughput in the last mile, and I think that's a key reason why you see Akamai being so much more successful in such a larger scale than some of these other companies that are serving out of core datacenters at, of course, much lower volumes, and it's the Edge platform that makes a difference and that is our competitive - a major competitive advantage. It really is the Edge; it's not just the marketing tool.
TomLeighton: Yes. Secure web gateway is an important component in our Enterprise Threat Protector solution. And yes, we are in competition with, I would say the largest competitors or the traditional ways of doing things where you have a secure web gateway, that's a piece of hardware that you operate in a datacenter or there is a cloud instance of it and you operate it there. The legacy way of doing things are the traditional way of doing things as our largest competitor. Zscaler would be our largest competitor; I think in the future way of doing things. And we do compete actively with Zscaler both for Enterprise Threat Protection, which includes a secure web gateway and also Enterprise Application Access which is where you're providing the access or authenticating enterprise employees and devices to get them access and we compete very successfully. Big advantages that Akamai has are our enterprise platform. We have a much larger cloud security business overall. And so we're already engaged and trusted by the CSOs in the large enterprise organizations. We have our Kona Site Defender service, which I think is critical for really providing enterprise security and zero trust and the competition that you mentioned doesn't have anything like that. And I would say, lastly performance matters for enterprises. And one of the big challenges with enterprise security that often keeps them from using products from some of the companies you mentioned is that when you turn it on, including our secure web gateway, it destroys your performance to the point where the employees objecting, especially if you are a global company and you don't want to use it. And of course that's a problem. With Akamai being a performance company, when you turn on our security products, your performance gets better. In fact, we recently had some major customer wins where performance was identified the customers a reason that they chose us over the competition. So they get great Akamai security, but now their enterprise apps get faster for employees instead of slower. So yes, we're competing against those companies and I think, successfully.
TomLeighton: Yes, sure. Usually with new products, especially if they are new to the industry in, which they often are with Akamai, will go direct first through betas and really get the product development of established market traction. And then it quickly extends to our channel. In the area of enterprise security, there I think we have even greater channel adoption and potential. I talked earlier about Comcast business' new security Edge product. You may see it advertised on TV, that's Akamai underneath and it provides a version of our Enterprise Threat Protector product that we talked about just a minute ago for small and medium businesses that Comcast business sells to small and medium businesses. So I think you'll see us on the enterprise security side make even greater use of the channel than we already do with all of our other products and in many cases, you'll see our products be white labeled, so you wouldn't initially know it's Akamai, but it's Akamai underneath.
TomLeighton: Yes, we didn't give the exact counts last quarter. Just wanted to give some kind of idea. We'll probably do that on an annual basis, give you updates there, but probably not every quarter. We are seeing fantastic growth in security and we gave some of the highlights on this call. Penetration, I think we have a lot of room for growth in the existing base because there's several different security capabilities, and I think right now over half the customers have at least one, but our preferred model would be to have several of the security products into all the accounts. So plenty of room for growth in the existing base. I can also add that we're seeing very strong growth of new customers and that's being led by security. And then I think the third question was customers with Prolexic and Kona maybe. Now Kona Site Defender also provides style of service capabilities at the application layer. Prolexic is sort of specialized and it does denial of service at the routing or IP layer and that really is for protecting datacenters that have other things going on besides the website. If you just have a website, just have web traffic, then you wouldn't need Prolexic you would simply be using Kona Site Defender and all the capabilities built on top of that. And so that may be why you're looking at a smaller dual penetration. There are sort of different situations that you use them in.
TomLeighton: Yes. We're committed to doing 30% next year and I don't see anything at this point that would change that. And we're very conscious of operating margins; we make acquisitions and of course as you are seeing we're continuing to make acquisitions. So it's not that we're not going to move forward on deals that we think make a lot of sense that can help our customers, but we're planning to meet 30% operating margins next year.
TomLeighton: We're not making guidance for margins past 2020. As I mentioned, we're committed to delivering 30% next year, and when we get to the beginning of next year, we'll see what we're thinking about in terms of the future. But we're also heavily focused on revenue growth. I think 30% is a good place for the Company to operate. If we can do better, we're certainly going to do that. And I think you on a good point that as security grows as a fraction of our overall revenue that is very helpful for us because that's a very high margin business. Now of course, at the same time as we make acquisitions and increase our investment for building innovative new security products, that adds a lot of R&D OpEx. So that you have the tension there and right now, we're planning to operate at 30% and if we change that for the future, we'll certainly let you know.
TomLeighton: Yes, so as I talked about earlier, Tim, this was kind of an unusual year in terms of what we saw for traffic. Hopefully, that's a trend that continues. Always Q4 is always the biggest seasonal quarter. We talk a lot of, I think most people think about the online shopping season and that is a factor for us. But also we - over the last few years, have seen a really big uptick in seasonality related to media. Some of it has to do with lots of new devices coming online and a lot of firmware updates, as well as sometimes, you'll see some video packages that are bundled in with various hardware platforms and things like that.  Also you tend to see in the fourth quarter, a lot of the gaming publishers try to get new game launches out. So I think we'll always have seasonality in the business as far as Q3 goes. I would be expecting as I think about a normal Q3 without events that would be your seasonally slower quarter and Q4 is always going to be your biggest quarter for traffic. End of Q&A
