Tom Leighton: Sure, I would say the M&A pipeline is comparable to last year. There's a lot of companies for sale and the pricing for typical companies in the security area remains very high. And I think in many cases unrealistic. So I think overall, the dynamics there are pretty comparable to where they were last year. As you know, Akamai is always looking for opportunities. We're also very disciplined in terms of actually what we end up buying. In terms of CDN market share the very large media companies do compare the CDN vendors in terms of their traffic share. And if a vendor is doing better than others, they tend to get more share. And that's why Akamai has such a large share when it comes to delivery of media traffic. And if a vendor has outages or is performing poorly, which we see a fair amount out there among our competition, they can lose share. And so that's a very typical dynamic, nothing new there. It's been that way for several years. And that's why Akamai such an effort to have the world's best performance hence why we have so much of the traffic.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, the access segment performed very well. As we noted, we're now at $100 million revenue run rate. So it's great to start the year in Q1 there, very strong growth, over 170% over last year. Now of course that includes Asavie. If you take that out, organic growth still over 60% in that segment, so very pleased. And as Ed noted, we're pretty excited about the Asavie acquisition, especially as you get the emergence of 5G and you get IoT applications, but the ability to secure enterprise devices across the board, I think is very exciting for the future. And we're really in a unique position to do that. And we have great relationships with the carrier. So we think we'll really be able to scale that business to a global basis.
Tom Leighton: I think it's a good healthy mix. As you know, we've made several acquisitions, mostly tech tuck ins, occasionally something a little bit larger. And we do a lot of organic investment in research and development, very active, they're very innovative. Maybe a good example is Page Integrity Manager, which we launched last year, and doing really well in the marketplace. And we did - that was a blend of a tech tuck in about seven to 10 employees in the company we acquired and a lot of organic development at the same time to make a very successful product quickly bring it to market and very strong adoption in early days.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, let me take the first question there. And that's a yeah, really good question. The attack landscape is just breathtaking. You think you've seen it all and then next week, you read the next headline, the in the attackers are very powerful. You have nation states, large scale, organized crime just - and what they're doing is pretty scary. Now, the great news for Akamai and our customers is that we have solutions that can protect enterprises for a large majority of those attacks. A great example is the recent Exchange Server hack, where many 1000s of enterprises got hacked, lost their emails, which is really bad. Akamai, our IT department was running an Exchange Server, just like all those other companies. And the difference is we didn't get hacked because we use our own enterprise security solutions. And we had enterprise application access, sitting in front of our Exchange Server. And that meant that the vulnerability couldn't be exploited. Because the employee doesn't just get to go contact the Exchange Server they did, then somebody can come in and before you're authenticated by the Exchange Server, you can exploit the vulnerability. Instead, they got to get to Akamai –they come to Akamai's enterprise application access product, we authenticate them. And if it's a bad guy outside trying to do something, no way they get in and not only that, they don't get directly to the Exchange Server, because they have to pass through our security. So if they're trying to do bad things, we'll stop it. And it's all about our approach to zero trust. And yes, we can protect enterprises from these sorts of things. And even in zero-day attacks, we didn't know about the exchange hack before other enterprises or Microsoft did, and yet we were protected at zero-day because of our solutions. So I think as the attacks increase that does increase awareness and that does help drive our security business. And I see no end to the attacks coming. There's more on the way and we're in a great position to be able to help the leading enterprises stay safe against those attacks.
Tom Leighton: Yes, we're strong across the board and we're anticipating that through the rest of this year. And of course at our Investor Day, we talked about the three-to-five-year CAGR goals and as you go back to that material, you'll see it's pretty strong across the board there in terms of our anticipated growth over the longer term.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, and in terms of the edge applications question, you're right about 45 million in Q1. We don't guide separately on an annual basis for that. You just saw over 30% growth in Q1 and at IR Day we did talk about into the three-to-five-year CAGR. Goal there is over 30%. So at a high level, I'd expect to see us continue with very strong growth through the rest of the year in edge applications.
Tom Leighton: I don't think there's anything to call out there, just really was outstanding quarter across the board. We're very pleased with how the security business is doing.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, so, I'll tell the team went through this and there's really not any significant expenses that we anticipate for several years. And even then, the cost that the team has rolled up is not all that significant. We've actually been able to do some pretty creative deals with certain projects on renewable energy that have worked out to be - from a pricing perspective, and no overall net economics have been neutral to even favorable in some cases, so nothing really there to note. Team's doing a fabulous job on it. And if it's - if time goes on, if there's anything we need to call out, we'll certainly let you know.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, so I would say similar to what we've talked about in the past, right. You've got, obviously strong security growth, you've got from a verticals perspective, you have two verticals, retail and travel, which make up 40% of the legacy web division, vertical division, excuse me. And we're still, like I said, a few questions ago, we're not quite out of the woods there yet. And we're starting to see some stability, but we're not seeing that type of growth yet there. So it's going to take a bit for that to recover. We're doing a nice job of dealing with certain pricing pressure in those verticals with opening up other shares of the wallet, whether it's additional security products or really starting to see a lot of interest in our edge computing and edge applications business as well. So we'll see dollars potentially ship delivery into that category as we go through pricing negotiations, but that's pretty normal. And once we start to see probably in a couple of quarters, hopefully the travel and retail business get back to normal if these vaccines hold and life returns to normal, hopefully start to see that segment of the business growing again.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, so it's becoming less impactful. So that's why we're kind of going away from that metric. You didn't hear me talk about in our prepared remarks. I think years ago, people were concerned that that may go to zero. And we talked a couple of years ago about stabilizing that and getting it back to growth. And the team has just done a phenomenal job. So I first tip my hat to the team that's managing those accounts. They've done a nice job of finding areas for us to add value to incredibly innovative technology companies that have their own CDN. And we found a nice spot to pick up this, whether it's adding security or delivering traffic for video and gaming for big scale events, or for live video or even on demand video, we're just finding a nice niche there and that continues to grow. It's up about a $1 million quarter over quarter, very impressive growth rate. I'd say stability is probably a good way to think about that going through the year. There's always upside with these accounts and team's identifying new areas of opportunity all the time. So very pleased with where we are with those customers and expect to see probably similar numbers, what you're seeing now down a little bit, quarter to quarter, depending on certain things that are going on in those accounts.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, that's a good point, Mike. So as part of the reorganization, right, some shift between sales and marketing, research and development, a few million bucks, if I remember correctly. And then there was some savings as we moved from the divisional model to one as there was some synergy mostly at the management level. So you'll see some of those costs go away as well.
Ed McGowan: Yeah. Hey Jim, so first, I'll take the first question, which was around the media, the gaming growth in particular. So we don't break out specific growth rates. But I can say that gaming in particular was one of the stronger verticals in terms of growth, very pleased with what we saw. And the other thing is, I'd say, the names of the number of customers that we saw growing, it wasn't just your normal handful of gaming customers. So we saw some benefit from the continuation of the gaming console releases we saw in Q4, but we also saw a lot of publishers have some pretty significant releases during the quarter. So in general, it's a really good gaming quarter. We're off to a pretty good start here in Q2. And as you know, this the gaming release can be a bit seasonal, but so far, it's been a pretty good start for the year. Like I said, I'm pretty happy with the performance across many different customers. In terms of guidance, yeah, we just started off having a great year. Traffic has been very strong. You saw the security performance, it's a little bit - we get a lot of exposure on the FX side. So having one quarter down and having the first month of the quarter of the - or second quarter down, gives a little bit more confidence going into the year. So we felt that we had enough visibility at this point to raise guidance. As you know, the second half of the year is always a little bit more challenging where Q3 is embassy summer seasonality, we didn't see that last year, because of the pandemic, we'll probably see a little bit of that on the media side. And then Q4 obviously, tends to be our strongest seasonal quarter where you have strong ecommerce and strong media. So we're feeling pretty confident at this point. So we thought it was appropriate to take the guidance up a touch.
Ed McGowan: No, I think you covered it, Tom. I think seeing the strength of security to be able to take that up a touch and last quarter we were in the 18% to 20% range. Now we're in the low 20s. And then on the CDN side, we do have some tougher compares. But we're seeing really strong traffic and not seeing any decrease from what we've seen over the last year. So we're feeling pretty good about that.
Ed McGowan: Yeah. So Keith, two things to think about there, the first one is, we have our - biggest expense lies our payroll, and we have our annual, what we call our merit increase cycle that kicks in July 1. So you'll see a little bit of increase in our operating expenses for carrying our current employees, but we will be investing in security. So we plan - we've got some planned investments in the back half of the year. But we took the guidance range up from what we said approximately 30 last time to 31. So running a 31 here would be to touch under and in Q3 as we go through our merit cycle and then Q4 is always a little bit of a wild card in terms of how strong the revenue performance is. But we want to make sure we're investing back in the business, we see really good growth in security, but also in our edge applications business as well.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, I mean, you got to keep in mind, the mix there. Overtime, I think, as you get into - as we talked about, in the Investor Relations Day, where you saw our security margins, gross margins are higher, you've got your media margins are lower. So it really is a mix. And while we're exceeding our plan so far on security, it's going to take a bit for that to really manifest itself in higher gross margins. You see we get a bigger percentage of the business coming from security. And if you look at the part of the business in media that's growing primarily the high-volume video, high volume media, that tends to be where you have the most competition and pricing pressure. So you kind of balance those two out and you kind of keep the margin - gross margins, flattish here for the year and then I'd say overtime there's a chance that we could see some expansion there, but we're not going to call that out right now.
Ed McGowan: Yeah. Sure. This is Ed. We had about $10 million of contribution from Asavie, which would be about four percentage points. I would say though, that when we acquired Asavie, our plan was to do roughly 30 million in revenue in the first year. And we're obviously exceeding that. So we've been able to take that asset and really start to scale it. So while it's technically inorganic, I'd say we deserve some credit for being able to significantly accelerate that growth rate. So you back out the 4%, you'd be - it's at 29 to be 25 and 22% on a constant currency basis.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, so on the sales and marketing, what you'll find is Q4 tends to be our highest quarter for sales and marketing expenses where you have - especially last year when we were exceeding our plan to get into accelerator, so you get a reset on the compensation and you'll see it spike up again in Q4 of this year.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, so gross margins were flat quarter-over-quarter. That's in line with what we expected. So really, there's nothing to call out there.
Ed McGowan: Yeah. Sure. Tim, I'll take the first one and Tom if you want to talk about enterprise afterwards. So yeah, there's - there was really nothing to call out in terms of license revenue. But I'm glad you reminded me because when you guys are building your model, if you remember last year in Q2, we did have an unusually strong license quarter. So as you kind of build your models and look at your competitors, just remember last year, we had 7 million of license revenue in Q2. We don't expect that again in Q2 of this year. And in Q1, there was really nothing unusual. As Tom said, there's really strength across many different products in security. It's been easy for us to just call out one thing, but the good news for us as we've seen strength everywhere. And Tom I don't know if you want to talk a bit about the enterprise.
Ed McGowan: Yeah. Hey, Jim. So on the - I'll take the EBITDA margin question first. Yeah, so 45 is a good spot for this quarter. Obviously, we've got a little bit of expense coming in Q3. So 44, 45-ish, but I think you're thinking about it in the right range. On the US versus international, yeah, US was pretty strong. We've been having pretty decent US growth. If you remember, go back a year or so, a little over a year ago, we were kind of flattish and we started to turn things around there. Lot of it has to do with the strength that we're seeing in media, a lot of the companies are in the US. But in terms of international still having very strong growth internationally, we do come up against some tougher compares. There's pretty strong media business outside the US. So you'll see some tougher compares on the media delivery side, and as I called out from an international perspective, there's - we're still laughing that $15 million of lost revenue associated with the banned apps in India.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, I would - yeah, it's a good question, Jim. So I would say the hotel and travel is probably stabilizing a little bit, I wouldn't say we're in the growth phase yet. Maybe starting to see some early signs, it's probably still few quarters before we start to see that business return to a growth engine for us. On retail, it's still a mixed bag. You've got some that are doing well, some that aren't doing well. And just keep in mind that that's 20% of our total business, 40% of your old legacy web business. But it's - I'd say we're optimistic, but still ways to go before we declare a victory there.
Ed McGowan: Hey, Brandon, yeah, I'll take the second one first in terms of FX. So the FX rates we do is at the beginning of the quarter, we sort of take a look at where the FX rates are assuming that's going to stay for the balance of the year. In terms of how it was relative to the beginning of the last quarter, we gave guidance, some currencies are up, some are down that's roughly somewhat in line. I talked about in the prepared remarks that FX sort of came in as expected. We get a little bit of a headwind here quarter-over-quarter, mostly with this in the yen. But I would say just keep an eye on it though. It's just - if you kind of just step back and do the math, we get a little over a $1 billion worth of non-USs denominated revenue. So to the extent that you get a 1%, swing that can swing to $10 million on an annual basis and the major currencies for us a euro, yen, pound and then it kind of drops off from there and the other currencies aren't as impactful. But those are the three to keep an eye on. And then working capital, I'd say, like any other year, you'll see nothing unusual in terms of working capital. This year in Q1, you see us, from a cash flow perspective, we pay out our bonuses early in Q1 and you see cash - working capital, pick up a touch. To call out in terms of collections, we've actually been fantastic. Nothing on the payable side, it's unusual. As we've talked about CapEx is already hit its high point, so nothing really unusual to call on working capital.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, so I'll take both of those. So on the low 20s, the way to think about it is - I just called out when Tim asked the question about license revenue. You got a tougher compare in Q2. With 7 million of license revenue, we don't anticipate repeating in Q2. You also have the Asavie acquisition that will anniversary in Q4. So when you take those two factors into consideration, you'll see the growth rate come down a touch as those sort of work themselves out. On the CDN pricing environment, nothing really to call out there, I've been in this business for a little over 20 years and I've sort of gotten numb to pricing at this point and I don't see anything that is unusual. And also, if there was anything in our top - we in our Earnings Day - Analyst Day we called out our top eight customers, anyone who's over 1% as a metric. And if there's anything in that group of customers worth calling out, I'd certainly do that. And there's really nothing at this point to call out. And as far as renewals are going, we do a pretty good job of anticipating what to expect and it hasn't been negative surprises so far. Thanks Rob.
