James Benson: Good question, Brad. So, as we talked about, for the last several quarters, we really initiated a much more aggressive posture around going after traffic share, and that began in late Q2 of last year. And as you can imagine, some of that meant opening up contracts earlier, some of it meant that we applied some more creative pricing for contracts that were coming up for renewal. But I would say, largely speaking, that we'd anniversaried a lot of that and so you're going to have renewals every quarter, but most of the actions that we were going to take we've already taken over the last year. So, I think what you're in for now is a continued focus on us maintaining traffic share and, obviously, there's new customers to be had and where we can grab more traffic share from customers, we're certainly doing that. But I would say the bulk of those actions are completed and now we're back into business as usual, which is basically ongoing renewals that happen every quarter.
James Benson: Yeah. Let me offer some comments and then if Tom has anything else he can offer. Obviously, what we have been doing and we shared this at the Analyst Day, company's done a fantastic job of introducing new products and developing new products. And so we've already been doing a fair amount of that. We talked about the new products that we've introduced in the last 18 months, actually have generating an annualized revenue run rate now of almost $170 million, so there's been a lot of work on, call it, the development side. And you're right, there's certainly been work on the go-to-market side, because if you got to develop products, you have to sell them. The sales force has done a very good job of selling these products into the installed base. We have more work to do there but I'd say good early signs. And the comments around pricing and packaging are less about we're going to do something like on the Media business, where we effectively went in and we creatively priced to grab more traffic share. The Web Division is not about traffic share. The Web Division is about bookings. What we mean by that is packaging offerings that we can bundle some our solutions around Security and Performance and other areas in a much simpler way for customers to consume, so they can buy multiple products from Akamai as opposed to buying individual products à la carte, bundling products to make it easier for customers to buy more of our portfolio so there's more creative things that we're doing there which makes – they're really more packaging and promotional-related activities, really to introduce the customer to more of what Akamai has to offer. And, Tom, I don't know if there's anything else you'd add.
James Benson: Yeah. Obviously, as you can imagine, for customers that multi-source, we're always looking to maximize our share. So where there's a chance to maximize more share, we're certainly going to do that. So we're not content maintaining share with a customer that is splitting their traffic. We've made a fair bit of headway on that, and we'll continue to work on that with customers. I don't want you to think that it's job over, that maintaining share is what we're looking for. We're always driving to maximize as much share. What I was trying to imply is that, the work that we began late last Q2, we've largely gone through most of those customers and we've made great traction, and that traction actually is now manifesting itself in the performance that you're seeing that the revenue growth outside of the Internet Platform Customers grew 12% in the Media and Carrier Division. This is really a function of what we said was going to happen when we embarked on these efforts, and so we executed well and we're actually seeing the benefit of that now in revenue acceleration.
James Benson: Colby, I think obviously the Web division is a bookings-driven business, as we talked about at the Analyst Day. And so it's a business that is going to take a while to move up or down, to be frank. We're just a tick below the double digits that is our objective for this division. So it's very possible you're back to double-digit growth in Q3, to be very frank. I think we're going to be in that range of high single digits to low double digits here in the near term. I think all the efforts that we outlined between adding more products, penetrating more of these products into our installed base, better packaging and pricing, enterprise license agreements, and one thing we didn't really comment on specifically, at least in the Q&A, is really making a concerted effort to do more in new customer acquisition. We've done a very good job as a company of selling more into our installed base. We have work to do around new customer acquisition, and we saw some early progress on that in Q2. And certainly, our new Web Sales leader, Scott Lovett, this is a big priority for him to get the new customer acquisition engine moving. And I think all those areas are going to really be the catalyst that drives the company to maintain double-digit growth in the division.
James Benson: It's a good question. I think we talked about the – in the Web Performance product area before that certainly when offerings come up for renewal, customers always expect the price of technology to go down, and it's varied based on customers that push a lot of traffic versus customers that don't. It varies based on customers that see a lot of value in the performance sensitivity of their traffic. And so it's not new. I would say what's heightened is there are certain industry verticals. A notable industry vertical where pricing pressure is pronounced is in commerce or retail. As you can imagine, that's an industry phenomenon that there are some large disruptive players in the retail space, and many of our customers are competing with them. And when they're looking at their P&L, they're looking at areas that they can go reduce costs. And so we've not seen really any increase in churn. As a matter of fact, churn is actually at a low for the company. So we're not losing customers at all. It's just in the Web Performance space there are certain verticals, with retail/commerce being a big one, that customers are very, very price sensitive because their business models depend upon being competitive against some of these large players. And so I don't expect that to abate, to be frank. I think we're going to continue to see that. I think the strategy that we've been embarking on is the right strategy, which is new product penetration, broadening your products, and then penetrating your products into the installed base and actually getting more traction on new customers. So that's really the recipe for improving performance. I don't think you're going to see the Web Performance area, though, abate as far as the pricing competitiveness.
James Benson: To follow on to what Mark said, I would say that you've probably seen an uptick a bit here over the last, call it, six to nine months. But as I said before, the Web Performance products, we've always had that depending upon the nature of the customer. And so you can view it as it's already in our run rate, so the fact that we grew about 9.5% in constant currency in Q2, I don't expect it to worsen in the sense that I think it's already embedded in the run rate. I think the work we have ahead is to continue to make traction in the areas that I outlined. Those traction in the areas outlined, we've already made traction in those areas...
James Benson: ...are really going to be what is the catalyst to get us to maintain double-digit growth. Is Web Performance going to get worse? I don't think it's going to get worse. I think we're seeing pricing sensitivity with particular verticals. I think that that will remain, and I think the areas that we're doing – and I think some of the pricing and packaging is a good way to offset that, where you can sell your Web Performance product, you can sell Digital Performance Management, you can sell Image Manager, you can sell Security, a lot of the things that Tom talked about that actually make you much stickier with customers and actually allow you to maintain more value with those customers, the entire – all the solutions that's you're selling them.
James Benson: No. As I said, it's more pronounced in certain verticals and I specifically commented on the retail vertical because I think it's a notable vertical where we're seeing it. But I think, in general, the price of technology comes down, customers expect better value for the offerings that they get and so what we're doing is we are accommodating that but, at the same time, we are leveraging, selling them more products, and so we're able to retain more value with the customer and actually have more products when the sales cycle is completed.
James Benson: No, I don't think so. I do think that what you outlined is right, that we made a lot of investments. We're getting traction in the overseas market. I think the U.S. market grew kind of outside the Internet giants, I think we said it grew in kind of the mid-single-digits. I think we can do better than that, Vijay, to be frank. And I think that, obviously, there's some work to be done there. As Tom said, the overall growth is impacted by the giants but some of the area that we've seen slowing in the Web Division has come from our kind of U.S. market, and there's a lot of work to try to improve on the growth rate in the U.S.
James Benson: Yeah, I mean, it's ongoing, right? So there's work that we've been doing. We did a restructuring in Q4 and another restructuring in Q1. We've seen the benefit of that. We saw it over the last couple of quarters. There's a bunch of areas we're going to drive further efficiency. I think I said in the last call that this is a company that we're not in any level of distress, we want to make sure that our operational efficiency actions are very measured and that we're doing things that allow us to better scale costs going forward. This isn't just reducing cost. This is about being able to scale cost as the business grows. And so, there's a bunch of areas that we've done that with. We outlined some of them as areas around facilities that we've closed, there's some third-party spend reduction initiatives. We have had a consultant in to help us identify areas, so that work is underway. We're kind of at the first phase of that effort and now we're in the next phase, which is trying to go operationalize these actions. Operationalizing these actions means standardizing processes in certain areas, automation in certain areas. And as I mentioned at the Analyst Day, we'll probably make some investments here in the near-term. So, we're going to see margin expansion for the company throughout this year and you'll probably see modest margin expansion in 2019 but it won't be significant in 2019 largely because we're going to make some structural investments that are going to help the company better scale. But I think we're on a good path. I think the work that we're doing is very measured, very responsible, and really keeping in mind making sure that we take the right actions while, at the same time, investing in the areas that are going to drive revenue growth for the company.
James Benson: Yeah. This is Jim. Really what we're referring to is when we go through a pricing renewal with a customer, which is effectively we began late Q2 last year and aggressively going after share, when you do that and you're repricing a customer, the comment about six to nine months is usually when you reprice a customer and you drop prices for them to a certain magnitude, it usually takes six to nine months to see revenue acceleration from that. So we're already seeing that. It's not necessarily a case where traffic accelerates and then you see revenue growth. It's really coupled with the renewal but we're pretty bullish in the Media business that we've done good work. Obviously, the Media business is certainly more variable than the Web Division set of customers because it's traffic-based and traffic is not linear. Secular trends would suggest traffic is going to continue to grow rapidly but from one quarter to the next traffic grows more rapidly due to more gaming releases or less gaming releases, sporting events or less sporting events, things of that nature, less seasonal viewing in the summer, more seasonal viewing in the winter. So, I think, in general, the Media business, there's a lot of things that drive traffic volumes and we're very bullish about the prospects of traffic volumes long-term. Quarter-to-quarter, you're going to see variability and we're pretty optimistic in the near-term from the actions that we've taken that we're doing all the right things, which is focusing on the right set of customers, trying to maximize share. And one thing that I want to make sure didn't get lost is one of the things that the media sales team did a great job of in the first half of the year is selling Security now to our Media customers, where I would say we've done a good job in the past of selling Security to our Web customers. They've done a very good job now of not just selling Media products to Media customers but also selling our Security products to Media customers. So, again, they're buying more of the portfolio. So good progress in Media overall.
James Benson: Yeah. We don't comment specifically on renewals every quarter. As you can imagine, 25% of our customers roughly renew every quarter. That includes these large Internet Platform Customers. So, there's nothing notable here in the near-term, but just understand that these large customers renew on a periodic basis and there's nothing imminent here.
James Benson: Yeah. On the Q4 margins, Jim, as you can imagine, some of what it's going to be is the seasonally you get a big increase in revenue Q3 to Q4. So we'll probably see based on our guidance the implied Q4 sequential growth is I think roughly 6%. All the work we're doing on operational efficiency, you're not going to see 6% growth in operating expenses. You're not going to see a 6% growth in our cost of goods sold. So, you're going to get some natural lift just because of seasonality of more revenue combined with the operational efficiency actions that we're taking, so that's going to really be the catalyst. I would say Q4 margins are going to be higher than probably the run-rate leap exiting the year, because, obviously, you don't see the same growth Q4 to Q1. But what gives us confidence is the actions we're taking, we have good line of sight to them the back half of the year. We have good confidence that we're going to have a solid Q3 and a strong Q4 based on the guidance. So, we feel pretty bullish about that. And on the buyback, I think we spent about $166 million in buyback for Q1. I think we spent about $20 million in Q1. So, we spent, call it, $190 million or so for the half and we'll spend the remainder to achieve our $750 million in Q3 and Q4.
James Benson: So something I made on FX is that I think I'd share with you guys at the Analyst Day what the impact was. And from the Analyst Day to today, for the full year, FX has worsened by about $3 million to $4 million, a couple million dollars in Q3, a couple million dollars in Q4. So call it the total from the last time we guided it, we provided you a guidance I think at our Analyst Day in June towards it by about $4 million.
James Benson: I think you outlined it well. We weren't trying to imply, Keith, that there isn't competitive pressures in the business. As Tom outlined, there are. I think the question that someone asked is are we seeing this from the large cloud platform players. And I think what Tom was trying to outline is we see competition across those guys, startups, and then CDNs that have been around for a while. So we're seeing it in that space and we're seeing it notably in verticals that are particularly price sensitive given some of the industry dynamics. And so it's really a combination of all those factors that you're starting to see maybe more pricing compression in that business than maybe we've seen in the past. And again, we outlined all the things that we have been doing and will continue to do to drive the business forward so that we can maintain double-digit growth in the Web Division.
James Benson: We're probably going to do a little bit better on gross margins than what we had outlined at the Analyst Day. We're continuing to do – I highlighted that in my comments about continued progress around the platform efficiency initiatives. So we'll probably do a little bit better on gross margins than we had outlined. And again, we continue to drive very purposefully operating expenses. So probably notably cost of goods sold and then, call it secondarily, efficiencies within operating expenses. In particular, just making sure that areas that we're investing in are pretty prescriptive, and then the areas that we're scaling back on, whether they be third-party spend in other areas that you get more visibility to that every day as you go through inspecting that in more detail.
James Benson: Sameet, you broke up a little bit, to be frank. I think I got the two questions, I believe, which is you were wondering about traffic and revenue acceleration and the contract period that we have with customers. It varies. There are some customers that are annual. There are some customers that are multiyear. There's no one equation that I could give you that ties traffic and revenue acceleration with the contract cycle. I can tell you that certainly when we go through pricing renewals, we have traffic in mind when we're giving them a price point, and we have value in mind around what the margin profile is that we're looking to garner from a customer over the period. And we're not just looking necessarily at the year if they happen to have an annual contract. You're looking at a customer over multiple years because you want to make sure you are the provider of choice, not just for their current traffic but going forward. So I can't really give you an equation there other than to say you're starting to see progress in the Media Division. You're starting to see growth acceleration. It grew 4% in Q1. Media and Carrier grew 7% in Q2, so we're making very, very good progress. And as I said, the Media business has variability to it, so sometimes you have to be careful when you try to build an equation into it because a lot of things can affect traffic. And relative to performance pricing, there's not much more I can offer than what I already shared, which is it is a fact that the Web Performance delivery products, as Tom outlined, we are seeing some pricing compression there, and we outlined some of the things that are driving that. It depends upon the vertical. It depends upon the customer. It depends upon the type of traffic that is being served, whether it's really performance-sensitive traffic or whether it's traffic that is maybe less performance-sensitive. So all those variables come to play. I think it's fair to say that the Web Performance business is not like the Media business in some regards. There's certainly a more bookings-oriented business that does have a traffic component to it. But it certainly is something that the customer values based on the performance acceleration that is being given for whatever their traffic profile is, but there's not much more I can offer on performance pricing other than what I had already provided.
James Benson: So, on the CapEx front that we've just begun, so the Cambridge – actually, the CapEx uptick in Q3 is not just our Cambridge headquarters. There's actually some work that we're doing for Bangalore, which is a large center for us, in Costa Rica which is another large center of excellence for us. But relative to headquarters, in particular, we're just at the early phases of the project and it will continue throughout 2019. You'll actually see the bigger impact on CapEx in 2019 and it will grow. Our CapEx as a percent of revenue model is about 15% to 17%. We'll be a little bit above that, more than likely, in 2019 as a result of the Cambridge headquarter building. I don't want to provide a specific number because there's a range that that could be and there's a bunch of things that could affect that. But the way you should think about it is it will probably be a bit above the high-end of our long-term model but it's only one-time. It will go down again in 2020.
James Benson: So, it's hard to give you a specific on growth from existing customers versus new. I would tell you that we've done a better job over the last couple years in aggregate in selling more to our installed base set of customers. That's fair. We're working hard to get more of the new customer traction and actually that's much more of a Web Division phenomenon that even though we certainly are acquiring new customers in Media. That is a less customer acquisition intensive kind of division. We've had some notable wins there, obviously, Epic being one. So, in the Web Division, we've actually made good – we've made good progress. It's been an area that we struggled in in the past. We made very good progress in the second quarter and we're optimistic that some of the go-to-market change that's we made are going to show continued new customer improvements in the back half of the year. And relative to Nominum, we're not specifically calling out what the revenue contribution is. We've kind of embedded those offerings into our core offerings with our recursive DNS business. So I think that what we said at the time of the acquisition was that the business was a $30 million to $40 million annualized business. So you can kind of generally think that's roughly the contribution that you're getting on an annual basis.
Frank Thomson Leighton: No, I think you characterized it well, and our ability to package together the world's leading Security capabilities with the world's leading Performance is very powerful, and that helps us retain and grow the Web customer base. It's the person who owns the website needs it to be secured, needs it to be fast. And if they can go to one vendor and get the best of both, that's just an incredibly powerful combination.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. I think it's both. We are, I believe, increasing traffic share and you can see that from the rate of traffic growth, which has accelerated now for four straight quarters, well beyond any published estimates of Internet traffic growth, and that means that we're gaining share. And we see that at times when there's big events when companies turn to Akamai, of course, to do that and in the cases when they don't, there can be failures and other things happen, poorer quality, which helps Akamai gain share. At the same time, there is more viewing online. When you look at the aggregate traffic levels for events like the World Cup, far more viewing online than four years ago. You look at the big gaming downloads, like Fortnite, much larger traffic levels than you would see for gaming downloads even a year ago. So, it's a combination of both. The tide is rising as a whole and there's the potential for a lot more of that as we've talked about and I think we're gaining share at the same time.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. OTT traffic is the largest source of traffic for us, and it's approximately half of our total traffic. The pricing depends on the volume of traffic from any given customer. And the major broadcasters and media folks tend to push a lot of the traffic and they would get the most competitive and lowest pricing per bit because of the volume discounts.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, no. As Jim mentioned, the customers themselves demand lower pricing. That's very common in technology. Some of the customers themselves are under competitive pressure from cloud giants. And we always had a wide variety of competitors. You have the cloud giants, some of them have been in the business of delivery now for over a decade. You've got start-ups and you've got the CDNs that have been in business for well over a decade. So, a wide variety of competitors there, and I don't think there's been any fundamental change in that landscape.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. In terms of the second question, customers that buy more than one product is really important for us. We do a lot better in those accounts of course. And, for example, customers that would buy an acceleration product and then combine it with Image Manager, Digital Performance Management, one of our Security Solutions for example. the Kona Site Defender platform or the Prolexic platform. We're now packaging those together. And then as we go forward, as I mentioned, we're starting to get some pretty strong traction with our Enterprise Security products and we'll probably talk a lot more about that on the next Street call, but that will become a factor as well. We're also looking at Enterprise license agreements where you get the whole package and we've had some really outstanding recent success there. So, it's the keeping track of what the customers are buying in aggregate and obviously it's beneficial for us when customers use more of the Akamai platform and they buy some of our other market-leading capabilities.
