Ed McGowan: Jim, thanks for the question. This is Ed. In terms of seasonality, Q3, typically, we tend to see a little bit of slowdown in traffic over the summer months, we were calling for sort of a flattish quarter to Q2 here with the guide. We'll see a little bit of slowdown in August. I would expect -- I've got the Olympics in there. Not expecting a ton from the Olympics this year, it's a couple of million bucks that we have in the quarter. We did see in terms of seasonality in Q2, we did see a bit of a lighter gaming quarter in Q2. We would expect to see that probably pick up a bit here in the back half of the year. And then obviously, in Q4, that's our most challenging quarter to call, which you've got really 2 seasons there. You've got the commerce season and then the -- we typically see a large media season as well. So we're expecting that in Q4. And we'll update you as we go and we'll get more information as the year goes on. And for the next call, we'll update you on what we're seeing for the Q4 seasonality. The margin question, yes, we had a better quarter from an operating margin perspective. Hiring was a little bit lighter than normal. Just a couple of things to keep in mind on the margin front. July is when we have our annual merit increase or our salary increases, so that comes into effect beginning in Q3. Then also, we do expect that we'll see some travel expenses and some costs related to offices reopening in the back half of the year as well. Tom and I have talked about, we plan on operating the business in the 30% range. This year, we'll do a little bit better, but we do want to continue to invest for the opportunities we see in front of us in Security.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So on the -- in terms of the big contracts up for renewal, we had a few that we did this quarter. And then, I'd say, the rest are sort of spread out fairly evenly. If there's ever anything that is major, I tend to try to call that out. But as we disclosed in our IR day, we don't have significant customer concentration risk. But sometimes you can get a few of them all together that can make a little bit of noise in the quarter, but they're pretty much spread out. And in terms of the health of the customers, it really varies by vertical. We do see, I would say, pretty standard pricing discussions. This industry traditionally has had deflationary pricing when it comes to -- especially volumes, but it's being driven by volume. And I don't see any major change there. Really nothing to call out. I think it's still too early to call an end to the pandemic, obviously. So we've got some significant business with commerce and retailers, and that's still kind of playing itself out at this point. We've seen some pickup in volume, but we're not out of the woods yet there. But in terms of overall pricing, really nothing to call out in terms of any major changes.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, sure. I can give you that number. So right now, we've got about 55% of our customers that are buying one security product and about 32% that are buying more than one. But just keep in mind that our customer base has grown over the last year, it's up probably by 5% or 6% over the last year. So we're doing a pretty good job of getting penetration into the base. But the base is also growing. If I go back a year ago, Q2 of 2020, that number for folks that have acquired a security product was around 59%. So we're seeing really healthy growth in terms of the overall number of customers, both from penetration of the base, but also just the size of the customer base is growing as well.
Ed McGowan: Yes. I'll take that one, Tom. So the -- in terms of pricing, as I just mentioned, really nothing to call out on the pricing side. As far as Internet platform customers go, the team's doing a great job executing there, we continue to grow that group of customer’s obviously very highly innovative customer base, a lot of them have their own CDN, but we're doing a good job of growing that business and very happy with the performance there. I expect that revenue stream to continue to run along about the same pace that it's going now for the rest of the year, maybe see a little bit of upside in this fourth quarter.
Ed McGowan: All right. So I'll take the first question, Colby. So in terms of Q4, I think you're thinking about it correctly, we always talk on Q4 being the hardest quarter to call. And then obviously, there's been a bit of a flare-up here with the Delta virus. So we're going with what we see now, as I said earlier in the call, we'll update you as we get more visibility. There's two seasons to call. There's the commerce season, and commerce is a very important vertical for us. And then also, as we've seen in the last several years, there tends to be a big jump step-up in media. So we'll get some more information as we go. But I think you're thinking about it correctly.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, sure. So I talked about headcount being a little bit behind hiring. Obviously, last year, we had record low attrition. And we're still not back to the attrition levels that we saw pre-pandemic. But we're just a little bit behind on our hiring. I expect that will catch up. We're scaling the company very well. As you can see, our margins have improved quite a bit. But we still want to make investments in security. You've seen some of our newer products have grown to a pretty material size. We've got some very fast and exciting growing businesses with our edge computing business along with very deep product bench for security. So we're going to continue to invest there. There will be some investments in go-to-market. And then, obviously, as we continue to grow, there'll be some scaling heads that we have to add. But nothing in terms of like a major investment cycle or anything like that that we anticipate coming.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, good question. So what we've assumed here is that there really isn't going to be a major step-up in demand like we saw last year. So not anticipating major lockdowns or anything like that. So then, obviously, if something like that were to happen, it could increase our traffic in the quarter. We do see typical seasonality in the summer months, typically August in, hopefully Europe, in particular, tends to be lighter than expected. So we're anticipating that. It's offset a little bit by the Olympics. Again, I told you not a ton there, a few million bucks for the Olympics. But security growth is also not necessarily impacted by traffic. So we could see if we do see lockdowns, you could see traffic accelerate a bit. And we're not really anticipating that, it's not in our guide at this point. We are expecting to see a strong seasonal Q4. And like I said a couple of times now, we'll update when we talk to you again, when we get more visibility. But traffic has got back to, what I would call, more normal growth rates. Obviously, we went through a year-and-a-half of accelerated traffic growth with the launch of some major OTT platforms along with the pandemic. So we’re modeling what I would consider to be sort of a more normal CDN outlook.
Tom Leighton: We do have a specialist team for our newest security products. And that's very helpful until the field can get up to speed. But our entire go-to-market operation is now well versed in selling security products. So they really only need the assist for the newly released products. And so we don't have a bifurcated sales force now.
Tom Leighton: Yes. For our new solutions, you might see a start-up out there with something similar. Our normal competition doesn't have these capabilities. And it's a big advantage to be able to offer these capabilities with the existing platform because once you're on Akamai, for example, you're using our Web App Firewall, which is a market-leading solution, it's very easy to add Page Integrity Manager on top. We just take care of that. The customer says they want it and we turn it on. And the request – the data flow is not changed. The same will be true with Audience Hijacking Protection, same thing, built right on top of the Web App Firewall, and our other solutions. So it really is very convenient for customers to buy from us. And there really isn't something that's comparable in the marketplace. And these are adding great value. In terms of the buyer, Audience Hijacking Protection, that could really go the range. Probably it ends up more towards the marketing side of the house because literally, their audience is being hijack today. Any retailer has a problem where – because of malware that's on the user's browser or plug-ins or extensions they have, that malware and those plug-ins are looking for somebody about to do a transaction. And what they'll do is put some pop-up over at saying, wait a minute, go here instead. Or even worse, it will be some fraud, where they'll change the refer header and claim credit for this buyer and our customer now has to pay more. So if for products like that, it could be anywhere from the security side all the way through the website and through the marketing side of the house because it provides so much value, it reduces cost, increases revenue and provides greater security. Really, it's very nice to see that because it's a very good blend between our delivery and performance solutions and our security solutions all wrapped up in one package.
Tom Leighton: Sure. It really is useful, I think, across all verticals. Gaming is another example of the big -- our big gaming customers had interest there. They want to get local decisions made in terms of who's playing who, what master server maybe they go back to for the gaming instructions. Another great example is the COVID vaccine registration sites. In this case, it was a third-party company unrelated to us, built a queuing application on top of our EdgeWorkers solution that is used today by, I think, dozens now, governments and pharmaceutical companies to assist in getting vaccine registrations. And of course, in the early days in the U.S. and still in many countries, there's a lot more people that want to get a vaccine than you have capacity for and so you want to be fair. So if somebody comes into the website, they get into the queue, and they know how long the queue is and that whole process is managed. And again, that's an ideal application to run with our edge computing service. And also handles all the excess load and the flash crowd around the site when you announced, okay, we got a lot of vaccines available in a certain period of time. A lot of people come at once. So maybe they know when that's going to happen, and so we provide the overflow capacity for that. But really, anything you could imagine that involves locality, the need to rapidly scale would be a suitable use for our EdgeWorkers solutions. IoT applications, I think, in the future is a big driver of demand there. And I think that gets enabled by 5G as that gets deployed, and you get a lot more devices connected. But there, you've got a lot of devices with a lot of communication back and forth, very chatty protocols, data being sent in and you need to aggregate that and make decisions quickly locally on the fly, edge computing, edge applications is a good example for that. Tailoring the content based on the device type and the local connectivity is another example. We do that with our image and video manager applications, where if you're on a, say, a cellular device, you don't have a big screen and maybe you don't have great connectivity, we will automatically, at the edge with the edge computing, put in a smaller – a lower resolution version of the image. And on your device, it will look the same. So there's no real reduction in quality, but the less traffic needed to convey the image means you get better performance for the end user. So there's just all sorts of applications that people are using. And now we're doing those, kinds of, things five billion times a day on our edge platform using Edge Java.
Tom Leighton: So yes, we're interested in the entire SASE stack. I would say we're really focused though on stopping malware, stopping these ransom DDoS, ransomware attacks, stopping data exfiltration. And that puts us in the direction of a focus on access to make sure that we do the access control of the application layer, not as it's traditionally done at the network layer, and that makes a huge difference in terms of the malware getting inside in the first place. Also, we have Secure Web Gateway capabilities, probably market-leading DNS capabilities, which makes a big difference in terms of data exfiltration. And we do have some DLP capabilities today with our newest version of Enterprise Threat Protector. CASB, less capabilities there today, potentially of interest, but not the primary mission in terms of stopping the data exfiltration, the ransomware attacks, the malware attacks on enterprises. And of course, ransom DDoS, which our Prolexic solution helps a lot with -- along with Kona. So good traction there. As you see the growth on the access side of the house now, well over 50% organically. And of course, if you account the Asavie acquisition, over 160% year-over-year. We plan to continue investing there organically, also through potentially M&A, we're always looking there. And I think that has a lot of future potential for us.
Tom Leighton: Yes. In terms of financial impact, de minimis. We lost, at the peak, about 2% of our traffic for up to 1 hour. So not any financial impact per se. That said, we care a lot about reliability at Akamai. It is core to everything we want to do. And we've put a ton of effort into making our solutions be reliable over the last 10-plus years. In fact, you have to go back to 2004 to find anything comparable in terms of what's happened on our platform. In 2004, we actually took the entire platform down for about an hour, which was disastrous. That didn't happen in this case, but we did hurt hundreds of our customers, and we deeply regret that. We impacted them and their users, and that's unacceptable. In both cases, there was an update that caused a problem. And we have invested a lot in infrastructure to make sure that updates are done safely. In this case, the updates were totally different and totally different systems at Akamai. But as a result of this, we are taking a fresh look at how we release updates to make sure that something like this won't happen again. And meanwhile, we've locked down all update channels as we do a thorough investigation of each one. People don't often realize it, but we are constantly doing updates. We have a platform with dozens of services. We have many, many thousands of customers. Any given customers maybe wanted to make an update to their site on an hourly basis or more. And so it's just thousands and thousands a day of updates that are taking place in the platform. And because of the really very intense work that we've done over the last decade, we have had an excellent track record of keeping any problem with an update from spreading. Humans making updates will make mistakes. And our goal is to prevent -- to catch them early and prevent them from spreading. And in this case, there were 2 different channels where that didn't happen the way we want it to. And so we are putting in a lot of effort to look at every possible channel and make sure it is working the way we want to. And not only do we not want to have any more incidents this year, we don't want to be having this happen in the next 10 years. And so there's a lot of effort going into making sure that's the case.
Tom Leighton: Yes, good questions. I think edge computing is really important in the future. And when I say edge, I really mean edge, and that's a big difference with the competition, none of whom really have an edge platform. Of course, for the last couple of years, everybody says they have edge everything. It's just -- it's not true. We're in over 4,000 locations, in about 1,000 cities and 135 countries, and nobody is anywhere, anywhere close to that. And we offer native Javascript support now, which a lot of the folks that talk about edge computing don't. And we spin up our apps in a few milliseconds, and that's a factor of 1,000 better than some of the folks that talk a lot about edge computing out there. So, I think we stack up very well against the competition there. And I think you see that reflected in our very strong growth. That segment now well over 30% growth year-over-year. We think we can maintain that. And on a reasonable size number, last year, $150 million, we're now almost up to a $200 million annual revenue run rate for our edge applications business. So, I think very strong future potential. And as you grow in your 30% a year on a number that's about $200 million now, after a few years, that starts really being meaningful. And I think that drives accelerated growth for the CDN business. And remind me again of the security question you had.
Tom Leighton: Yes, that's a good question. It's interesting because we started with application firewall. And if you go back five or six years, pretty much everybody bought a device and managed it in their data set. And today, there's still a few enterprises that do that. But pretty much all the major B2C companies on large -- majority of them are now using Akamai for that as a cloud service. And we're the market leader by far in application firewall. You look at DDoS. And again, go back five-plus years, that was managed either in the data center or with a single carrier. And that just doesn't work anymore. You can't handle the volume. And so now Akamai is the market leader by far with a cloud service there. I think you will see the same thing happen with enterprise security. Today, it is done, you get your VPN and you get your boxes and you manage them in your data center. That is not a good way to do it. That's why you have all these breaches. When you're providing network layer access, it's a disaster. You look at the big pipeline company that had a problem. It's just one of many thousands of enterprises. Credentials to the BPM are stolen, put on the dark web, somebody gets them. And that just gives them access to the entire network. And you can't do it that way. And that's why our solutions are so important with application layer access. Now sure you can steal somebody's credentials, but of course, you want multifactor authentication. And then you only get access to the app. And if you're using Akamai, you don't even get access to the app directly. You got to come through us, and we'll make sure there's no malware going to that app or you're not exploiting vulnerabilities, and then you don't have those kind of situations. So I think if you look at the exchange server situation, which I talked about a few minutes ago. Again, by having Akamai in front with our Enterprise Application Access, our e-mail wasn't stolen, even though we had the vulnerable software like everybody else did. So it will take some time. We're at the beginnings of, I'd say, Zero Trust approach and moving to the cloud, in particular to the edge – My Edge platform for enterprise security, but I do think there's a tremendous future there because we're in a position to really stop those breaches.
Tom Leighton: Yes. And in terms of the M&A question, we're always looking for companies that have novel capabilities that we can use to build products for our customers that are synergistic with our platform and our solutions we have today. And you're right, there are areas, particularly in security and also edge computing that have very high valuations to that. And that makes it harder to do acquisitions that make sense because we're not going to do something that's crazy. Now when you're looking at acquisition, we look at it over the long-term and so that we want it to be accretive, certainly over the long-term. In addition to the purchase price, we also worry about the hit margins, especially when you do an acquisition, often as you know, the first year, you have revenue recognition issues where you don't get to recognize all the revenue right away. And so in the first year, you can take a hit to your margins. And if we find the right acquisition that is really helpful to us in growth over the long-term and it will be accretive to margins over the long-term, there may be a situation where we would take a short-term hit to margins, and then we would improve them from there.
Tom Leighton: The good news is we're seeing strong demand across all of our major security product lines. And also the new security products are obviously not contributing a lot of revenue yet, but we're seeing strong interest in those as well. So it's just a -- it's a good picture across the board. The threat environment certainly increases the awareness and need for our solutions. In terms of sales cycle, obviously, if a customer is under attack, the sales cycle can be very short. In many cases, we'll integrate the customer within a matter of hours or days and often a follow-up with all the details of the contract later, and we've seen a lot of that. With these ransom DDoS attacks, dozens and dozens of major enterprises in that situation that very quickly become happy Akamai customers. So it's a good environment, I would say, in terms of security sales for all of our security products right now.
Tom Leighton: Sure. Account Protector is sort of the next step beyond Bot Manager. Bot Manager detects whether it's a human being that's trying to, for example, to log into an account. And as you probably know, there's a ton of account stuffing going on. We see every day now about 1 billion illegitimate attempts to log into an account of some kind, a bank account, gaming account, a commerce account. And the vast, vast majority of that is bot traffic. Credentials have been stolen somewhere and a Bot network is used to check out those credentials against a lot of websites to see if you get a hit. Now the adversaries have evolved, the attackers have evolved. And now I will use humans to attempt to log in and steal accounts. Now you can't do that at the same scale as you can with a bot army. But you use things that you think may well get in and now the human will do it. And so we need to decide, well, okay, it's human, but is it the right human? And that's what Account Protector is all about. And it will use information about the human that's been using that account before with a variety of inputs and trust scores and then using machine learning to the side on the fly based on everything we can see here, is this the right human for this account? And we give a score that is used to decide, are we going to provide access directly? Do you go to some other security mechanism, like you get asked questions or a capture test of some kind, or do you just block? And that's what Account Protector does. So it is one-step deeper analysis that will now deal with human-based fraud and then specifically around the log-in function. Now of course, Bot Manager covers a lot of other things, too, like price scraping, inventory stealing, inventory – reserving all the seats in a hotel or an airline by a competitor, that kind of thing. So, this is really focused on fraud and log-in that's being done by humans.
