James Benson: Yeah, I'll take that. But as you can imagine with new products, it's going to take a fair amount of time to actually fully penetrate them at installed base. But as Tom said, for both of these products, Bot Manager launched earlier in the year, Image Manager launched mid-year. Bot Manager in particular, this is the fastest-growing product we've had in a long, long time, and so the penetration is still early days. But it was a reasonably meaningful contributor to growth in Q4, in particular, our Performance and Security portfolio. You'll see that continue to ramp and further penetrate in 2018, but it's probably going to take a couple of years to see it kind of fully penetrated. As an example for Cloud Security, which we've been in market now for a little over four years. I think about 38% of our customers via Cloud Security Solutions. So still a lot of ramp to go even in Cloud Security, so it takes a while to have those customers ramp, but you can certainly see that we started a few years ago from roughly a few million dollars in Cloud Security to now over $400 million. So I think these new product offerings are kind of again proof points to Tom's comments that innovation is alive and well, and there's more to sell to the installed base to accelerate growth of the company.
James Benson: Yeah. We're in a good position with the DDoS solution because of our unique distributed platform. We're in a position to defend and absorb the largest attacks out there, and we've got a great track record and there's a lot of other folks that offer scrubbing services or DDoS services of one kind or another, and they've all pretty much had high profile failures. AWS, we don't see really much in the marketplace. For DDoS, it would be a different kind of approach. So we don't see that as being a significant threat to the DDoS business. And DDoS is relevant for most of our customer base, so there's a lot of cross-selling that takes place and the Security Services, in general, were leading with a sale there and a lot of new accounts where they will join with Akamai because either our DDoS solution or our application layer protection capabilities with Kona and that brings new customers to Akamai.
James Benson: Yeah. As we talked about, they're now collectively less than 10% of our revenue so the future impact is obviously limited, and we expect to see some further decline, but nothing to scale that we've seen over the last one to two years.
James Benson: Not at all, not at all, that our balance sheet has a lot of firepower to do M&A, to do CapEx purchases and to do our share buyback. And as we talked about, our share buyback is intended to offset dilution, but it's a programmatic trade that buys more shares when the stock price is lower and buys fewer shares when the stock price is higher. But we have ample firepower to do full CapEx purchases, share buyback and M&A.
James Benson: Yeah. We're certainly going to see a step-up in head count investments. You're right that we have a little bit more head count ramp here in the fourth quarter, but we hired for the year about a little over 400 people, I think, including some acquisitions. I think in years past, we averaged more than 1,000 hires per year. I think what you're going to see is that this step-up in investment is that our head count ramp is probably going to be more similar to what it's been historically than it was this past year, and as I mentioned it's going to be targeted but very heavily focused in new product innovation. There's also investment we're going to need to be making in our service delivery enablement that I mentioned, that our Services business is growing quite rapidly. And we're going to be making investments in continuing to scale the platform. So you should expect head count more similar to what it's been in the past than basically what it's been in 2016.
James Benson: Well, yeah, I mean, as Tom mentioned that we probably will see continued decline in the Internet Platform Customers in the first quarter; one, because seasonally they declined Q4 to Q1 anyways, because they also have a seasonally stronger Q4. But I'd say the bigger component of it is not that, and it's more that we had a very strong Q4 for Media. Media traffic was kind of seasonally very, very strong. We had a large number of gaming releases, a fair number of software download events that the Media business can be a bit spiky that way. So some – I'd say the bigger part of the sequential decline is driven by the Media business, certainly not the performance in Security Solutions.
James Benson: I think it's also fair to comment that even outside of Media that I think the company is certainly much more diversified now than it was kind of even a year ago or two years ago, that our performance in Security business now represents 60% of the company's revenue, you include kind of services, call it 70-plus percent of the revenue. So Media is becoming a much smaller percentage of the company's revenue, and we know that the Media business can have variability just given the nature of the business. So I think what you're going to see going forward is that you're going to see more stability in the company's growth rates. I do think that there is an opportunity for Media to reaccelerate growth rates, but I think the catalyst for that is really going to be a significant uptick in Over the Top viewing. And I think we're seeing steady growth in that area right now. But if you see that become more mainstream, I think we're poised to benefit significantly from that.
James Benson: Yeah, I'll parse that. So, certainly on the OTT side that, yeah, we're seeing very steady growth in OTT. It's been that way for some time, but it's steady growth, so it's much more consistent growth in Over The Top than say gaming or software downloads, which tend to be much more variable based on games that get released or software updates that occur. And I'd say that has been the bigger catalyst driving growth in the Media business that those – the gaming and the software download area tends to be much more spiky. And you'll have surges at times and then it won't at other times. So I think the catalyst for growth in the Media business is going to be OTT. I don't think you're going to see the catalyst. You may see even a catalyst, as Tom mentioned, as you see more VR and things like that in the gaming space that require performance to work well, but I think that between things like that and OTT, that's going to be the cause of kind of re-acceleration in the Media business. And on your CapEx question, I'm glad you asked, because we certainly are not trying to signal that we're doing a build-out for some anticipation of further OTT. Actually, the build-out that we're doing is, as you can imagine, our Security business now is on an annualized run-rate of over $400 million. It's rapidly growing. And so there's build-out we're doing to support our Security business. And there's also build-out that we're doing with our secure delivery network. More customers want to have their traffic served over a secure delivery network, so we're building out capacity in that area. So it's really for other parts of the business. It's not so much for the Media business.
James Benson: Thanks for the question, Colby. I mean, we'll cover it more at the upcoming Investor Summit, but I still think the long-term model for the company in the low 40s is the right one. I do think that what you're going to see in 2017, and I said for the foreseeable future, because I think you're going to hear in 2017, you're going to hear about new product adjacencies that we are going to enter. And I think what you're going to see is we're going to make investments in those areas. Those investments are probably going to extend beyond 2017. And so I think the interim model for the company, not the long-term model, I think, the interim model for the company is going to be the high 30s. But I do think that once those businesses get to a level of scale, because they'll be kind of early-stage businesses, I think once they get to scale, I think that we will be able to get the company model back to the low 40s EBITDA. But I think that even beyond 2017, we intend to operate the company in the high 30s. And I think that given the nature of the adjacent areas, I think that they have significant opportunities for EBITDA that's more like our Performance and Security EBITDA. But obviously, it's going to take a time for those businesses to ramp to be able to realize that, and I think what we want to do is we don't want to constrain investment. We want to make sure we're investing to capitalize on that because now is the opportunity.
James Benson: Yeah. I would say that the more of the growth has been coming from selling more into our installed base. We've been able to take the offerings that we have and further penetrate them into the installed base. I think Tom's right that Security's been a product category that we've been able to penetrate with new customers, and then once you get in you can Land and Expand them. You can expand it via other offerings. But I'd say more of the growth to date has come from penetration into the installed base. And there's still a significant opportunity to do more there. I mentioned earlier that 38% of our customers buy security, so that means there's an opportunity for 62% of customers to actually buy one of our Security Solutions. And so I think you're going to see that we're going to further penetrate the offerings, and I think as we bring more innovation to the table, there's more of an opportunity to sell more into the installed base. And then I think you're going to see us do more in the way of new customer acquisition, Land and Expand model, and I think some of the new offerings are actually going to help us with that.
James Benson: Well, I think, again, I think you should look at our depreciation expense (54:31) as a percent of revenue to take the depreciation expense that we've been incurring as a percent of revenue. And as you ramp CapEx, as a percent of revenue you should be ramping depreciation as a percent of revenue in a similar way.
James Benson: Yeah. We don't really operate on an overflow basis. So it's whatever you're seeing is not really attributed to that. I don't think there's really been a fundamental change in the Internet platform companies in terms of their utilization quarter-to-quarter. Generally, the trend that we expect to see is they're going to try to do more of the delivery themselves. Obviously, they'll take the easier stuff and work on that first. That's one thing that we've seen in the past. That said this stuff is hard to do and to do well and actually to do affordably. So I think that we will continue to have business with these customers. I just think it'll be a lower percentage of revenue going forward.
James Benson: No. I think you're going to see a steady increase in investment throughout the year. I think you're going to see that investment occur, it's going to begin in the first quarter. You won't see it manifest itself significantly because it's going to take a while to get the head count on board and the spending to ramp. So I think you're probably going to begin to see that effective in Q2. And then my expectation is that, again, it'll stay in the high 30s thereafter. So I think you'll probably – I'm not going to specifically guide for Q2, but as I said beyond the first quarter, which I said 39% to 40%, and I think that it will be 39% to 40% depending upon where our revenue lands in the range. But I do expect that kind of in Q2 and beyond that it's going to operate in the high 30s.
James Benson: Yeah. Well, part of that is, again, when you talk about acceleration, you're talking about year-on-year. So as Tom mentioned, the declines we've seen in these large customers were much more significant in 2016. So the wraparound impact of that really began a little bit in Q4 and you're going to see that continue in Q1. And so some of it is the wraparound effect of these customers not having nearly the impact on the company growth rates as they did a year ago. My comment was more of a sequential comment that Q4 to Q1 we always see some seasonal declines in the company revenues and also with these big customers, and I expect to see that happen. And as I mentioned, I think some of the seasonal decline is going to be much more notable in the Media business, and I think you're going to see steady growth in the Performance and Security business.
James Benson: I wasn't referring to a specific timeframe. I think you know the company has been operating in double-digit revenue growth. This is actually the first year we have not. I think you know that certainly the driver of that has been what's been going on with these large Internet Platform Customers. The company growth rate outside of them has been growing in the mid-teens. So we have been growing in the double-digits. I think that my point was that as we make these investments, these investments are going to take a bit of time to see revenue ramp, and so you're going to see the dividends from these investments more in 2018 and 2019. And I think that is what's going to lead to consistent double-digit growth for the company.
James Benson: We're pretty pleased with our international growth, but you're right that our international growth has been growing very fast and growing very fast particularly in our Asia-Pacific region. So our investments are much more weighted, I would say, on R&D innovation, to be frank. Our investments are not heavily weighted towards more go-to-market. I actually think the go-to-market side of the equation – we will make some investments there. It's a matter of giving our existing sales force more products to sell. Our sales force is pretty confident that penetrating our products into their installed base set of customers is a matter of giving them more products to sell, and I think that by stepping up investment in R&D, getting more products announced, I think will lead to kind of more revenue. And we've proven we can do that, Security being the most recent example.
James Benson: Yeah. I mean, I think in general that we continue to get good traction in upgrading Ion to our customers that buy our Web performance products that you can imagine that it's kind of a hierarchy of – it starts with customers that really, really care about performance. And so I think we have a further room there, but I think that kind of the customers that are going to buy Ion – many of them are already buying their products. While there's more to sell there, I'd say that probably not a significant, significant opportunity there. And, yeah, we have seen when customers upgrade to Ion that there is an ARPU uplift at times, but I also think there's other things to sell for our Web Performance Solutions. As Tom mentioned, Image Manager is another offering to sell into the installed base. So if they're buying Ion, now they can buy Image Manager. If they're DSA, now they can buy Imagine Manager. And I think you're going to see us have other adjacencies like that within Web Performance as well.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Right. As we talked about with Image Manager that's a Web Performance Solution, very pleased with the early traction there. The new Ion 3 (31:30) solution has an SDK for a substantially improved performance especially for mobile devices and prepositioning of content. And as we make major investments this year, we'll talk about those as we make them. And we move into a new product area, then we'll talk about it then. Of course, it will be important that it's synergistic with the existing business and that can leverage Akamai's unique distributed platform.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, of course. We're in a business with recurring revenue streams, and so any new areas we would go into you would think would be consistent with that model. So I wouldn't expect any major deviation there. In terms of acquisitions we've done over the past, there's technology tuck-ins. Sometimes there's a product like Prolexic that's an adjacency that fits very well with our existing business, but is a new product that's very synergistic. And occasionally, over our 20-year history we've done some roll-ups. It's less frequent, I would say. And I don't think there would be a major difference in the kinds of things that we're planning to do this year from what we've done in the past. With net neutrality, I think there's going to be changes there with the new administration. I think a lot of rules that existed before may go away, and I don't think that really makes much difference to our business. We weren't regulated in the first place, and I don't see anything coming there that would be bad in any way for Akamai.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, I don't know if it has too much to do with prime numbers. Even years there are more events, but as we've talked about in the past, any given event gives us some revenue, but it's not really swinging the needle. Now sometimes with Olympics and so forth new devices will come out and someday like VR, for example, we've started to do some of that, and that can drive traffic levels on a more sustained basis afterwards. But I wouldn't read a lot into that, and I think the Media business is very healthy. We're seeing very strong growth in OTT, very strong growth in our gaming customers and just Modulo the very big, the six platform companies that are doing more on their own, the Media business has been very good.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, you're right. I think the gaming vertical is probably as attacked as any. And so they are large adopters of DDoS prevention services from Akamai.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, the cross-sell opportunity is very strong. And as I mentioned earlier, we also entered new accounts leading with security quite often. So it's good both ways. Growing at 40% is really great to see. That obviously gets harder as the numbers get larger, but we're excited about Bot Manager and the Cyberfend acquisition, as well as the new products that we're bringing to market in enterprise security. So that's an area where we'll be continuing to make investments in order to maintain strong growth rates.
Frank Thomson Leighton: With the new enterprise products, we have an overlay team, but we expect with those products that our existing sales force can sell them. They're both easy to explain. And as I mentioned, easy to use and integrate and get going. And so I think our existing sales force is going to be able to sell those. And right now, we're helping them with an overlay.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I think they're very large. Now Bot Manager fits in with our Kona Site Defender and the Web security product space. And Bot Manager's market is at least as big as Kona, and we're seeing that in terms of the ARPUs with customers that are adopting that. EAA and ETP are on the Enterprise side, and that's a new market for us to go into. That's a market that's traditionally used devices that are purchased by the IT manager, operated in the private network. I think as we go to the future, you're going to see those capabilities sold as cloud services in a recurring revenue market, and we're bringing those kinds of products to market now to help that fundamental change in enterprise architecture and enterprise security. In the long run, I think the services for enterprise networking and security have a bigger TAM than Web delivery and security. Of course, it's just at the beginning, so it'll take a long time to catch up, but there's a lot more money spent in enterprise networking than there is in Content Delivery. And I think the term often you'll hear in the industry is enterprise networking is turning inside out, and I think you'll be seeing the adoption of cloud services replacing the purchase of devices operated by the IT manager and the WAM (52:07).
Frank Thomson Leighton: No. As we talked about, I think as a percentage of revenue we expect or certainly prefer to see a decline in percentage of revenue. First, you have the rest of the business, the core business over 90% growing at a very strong clip, and I think these six of which there's really three that are larger today quite possibly could decline in the revenue they pay us, which would mean their percentage would continue to decrease. And as we look to the future sort of that's the way we're thinking, of course, we're going to do everything we can to maximize revenue in those accounts. I think we provide them tremendous value and three of them are still sizable customers, and I think will always be sizable customers for Akamai.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I don't think there's so much of an issue there and the impact that any one of them can have is now much less than it used to be, so I don't think that's an issue really to be thinking about. I think the key is they're less than 10% today. We're anticipating further declines certainly as a percentage of revenues through the year and potentially in the future. But I don't think there's any giant event in a single quarter associated with any one customer.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. No, we're not giving guidance at that level of detail, (55:15) to say we expect some further declines not at the rate we've already seen, obviously, because now they're less than 10% of our total revenue. And this is associated with these companies spend billions of dollars a year in infrastructure generally, and they're doing more the delivery themselves. I think we still provide them significant value. And of course, I'd like to see the revenue there increase as we go forward, but we're not expecting to have that happen.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. I'd say OTT is growing at a very solid pace. It hasn't exploded. At times people think that might happen, but that's not taken place. I think there's a lot of new offers out there – continue to be new offers. People are going to try lots of different kinds of things, and some will have more success than others in the marketplace. It is a very hard thing to do. Just even the delivery of the videos at high levels of quality is very hard, and that's where we really excel. And so we get a significant share of that market and as it grows, we should be in a position to benefit from it. And there's other things besides the delivery that are complicated technically, things involving ads, with ads supported OTT, very complicated to do, and there's a lot of players in the ecosystem in getting everything to work just right. There's problems sometimes. Again, this is where Akamai really helps their customers in being able to make sure that OTT, it is delivered reliably, can handle large-scale at high bit rates, which means high quality pictures and at a reasonable price point because as that industry grows they need to see the cost per bit delivered come down. And so that's a place where we've got great strength, and I'm very optimistic about the future growth of our OTT business.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. You can click to buy Akamai Whole Site Delivery on Azure. A lot of companies have done that. It's not a material amount of revenue to us. The Microsoft relationship, on the other hand, is very important to us. We have a substantial number of customers and revenue that flow through Microsoft. And of course, they're a large customer themselves.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, we have a new CMO, Monique Bonner, and really making substantial progress in our digital marketing effort, and I think that'll help quite a bit in terms of generating more efficient inbound sales.
Frank Thomson Leighton: With the top six, we have obviously lost share to the do-it-yourself effort. We're not seeing lost share to other third-party CDNs. It's an issue with the DIY, which is the big company has their own platform and they want to try and do more of it themselves.
