Edward McGowan: Keith, this is Ed. I'll take those. I'll start with the second question first. So from a CapEx perspective, the way to think about it is in the delivery business, we had -- if you go back to our May Analyst Day, we talked about CapEx and delivery being in sort of the high single digits. We've been running in the lower single digits. We're just under 4%. So certainly, in the near term, it will have an impact in the delivery business. As the compute business gets larger, obviously, that's going to be the main driver for CapEx. But certainly, you saw that in Q3, the impact of overall CapEx down at around 13%, and for the year, it's around 13%. So it is less capital-intensive. But as we look at our cloud compute business, obviously, there's going to be some -- Tom talked about building out in more locations. So there'll be some more CapEx associated with that. But we are seeing a pretty healthy decline in our delivery business, which is as anticipated. On your first question, you asked about the macroeconomic environment where we're seeing some challenges. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we are seeing some of our sales cycles lengthening, seeing customers pushing off upgrades for certain products and things like that, which is pretty typical. Most companies are doing that. I know we're -- we're doing something similar as we go through our budget cycles. We think it's temporary in nature. Also seeing a little bit of pressure in some of the advertising-related businesses, a little bit of pressure there. And then Europe is something that we're keeping a pretty close eye on, that's about geographically where we're worried. Obviously, with what's going on with energy costs and things like that in Europe, that's something that we're keeping a very close eye on and have been a little bit cautious on our guidance, I would say, in Q4, just relative to seasonality. Just trying to take that into consideration.
Edward McGowan: Yes, I'd say it's more on our customers and their customers, so how does the consumer behave. Obviously, retail is a driver of seasonality as is spending for media. So those 2 things could be impacted. And then obviously, with our customers, if you see shutdown in manufacturing and things like that, that's obviously going to have a ripple effect on GDP across Europe. So that's from that perspective. As far as our risk with energy, we do a pretty good job. The team has done a nice job with our colo negotiations. If you think about our costs, our server costs were pretty insulated from costs there on the bandwidth side that tends to be deflationary. Colo, there is some energy exposure, but the team has done a really good job of trying to lock in longer-term deals. We're not seeing that. It's possible that may start to affect us later into next year. But right now, we've got it pretty well under control.
Edward McGowan: Jim, this is Ed. Good question. So actually with traffic, we are starting to see a little bit of a recovery in September. It continued a bit in October as well. But in general, it is, as we talked about, a much lower year relative to what we typically see. As far as the specific customers, you're talking about only a handful of big customers that can drive this kind of peak. And these particular customers all have multi-CDN. So in this particular case, we did lose a couple of million dollars. It's not significant in terms of the impact on the year. But as you can see, it saved us about, call it, 4 points on CapEx. So it's pretty meaningful from an overall economic standpoint. Now that said, we still -- these still are big -- very big customers of ours. They've just sort of flattened out the peak a bit. So as their daily average traffic is not growing as quickly, the economics just don't work for us anymore. So we just -- they're still good customers of ours, but just decided we weren't going to allow them to peak as much as they did in the past. It just makes sense for us. But it's not an overly material number. A few million dollars is the way to think about it.
Edward McGowan: Frank, good question. So actually, I'll start with Linode. Actually, Linode in an environment like this, given what Tom talked about, we will be able to provide comparable services at a much better set of economics and actually think is an opportunity for us. So I would expect that as we go into next year, that should be a tailwind for us. On the headwind side, we are seeing across the board, certainly from a geographic perspective, that sales cycles are elongating. We've seen some deals push. Probably the easiest place to identify it is in Guardicore. Guardicore, as Tom mentioned, is still doing really well, but we have a dedicated sales team. So it's a little bit easier to track those deals as they're going through the pipeline. Those deals also sometimes tend to be a little bit larger. So it's a little bit easier to follow that. With our business, given it's a SaaS business and we've got recurring revenue contracts are constantly going through and renewing contracts, what you're seeing is some customers that are talking about, say, adding Page Integrity Manager or a Bot Manager or Account Protector, just pushing that off into the future as they go through their budget cycle. So we're not seeing as much on the renewal side from an upgrade perspective. So a little bit of slowness there. And then from the new customer acquisition perspective, I think pretty much every tech company you talk to these days is seeing it a little bit harder to attract new customers. So it's a little bit of a combination of everything as we've just been impacted by this economic impact here.
Edward McGowan: Sure. Yes. So in terms of the traffic sort of getting a little bit healthier, I would say, coming out of the summer months, media is probably the vertical that it's most obvious in. So we're starting to see that across video, a little bit in gaming. Gaming is still overall very, very weak compared to what it's been in the future, but a little bit of an uptick here in the gaming vertical over the last couple of months. And then your other question, can you just remind me again? I forget.
Edward McGowan: Yes. So one of the things we talked about is, obviously, like in the media division in particular, media verticals in particular, as we see traffic levels decline or not grow as quickly, I should say, we typically would give a discount commensurate with what you see in the traffic growth rate. So obviously, as traffic growth rates are not growing as quickly, we are lowering our discounts that we're providing to our customers, and we're starting to see that make its way through the system. It will take a while for it to really impact the growth as we go through our renewal cycles, but I am seeing that the pricing declines are certainly moderating a bit.
Edward McGowan: Jim, let me take a stab at that. So I would say we started to see it really in this quarter and continue -- sorry, this quarter, meaning Q3, sorry, we're reporting Q3, continuing here in Q4. Hard to say how long this economic slowdown lasts. Now keep in mind, most of our business is under contract. The impact of the new signings doesn't have an overly material impact on the business, especially in any one given quarter. Obviously, over a prolonged period of time, it can slow growth down a bit. I think the bigger thing to think about as you build your models is the impact that foreign exchange has had. I've been trying to call it out as we go. Obviously, the dollar has gotten stronger throughout the year. So when you think about from an as-reported perspective, that's going to be a pretty big headwind. If you annualized at a point we went back all the way to the beginning of the year, you're talking a couple of hundred million dollars of revenue or $0.40 of EPS, a couple of points of operating margin. But that's a much bigger issue in terms of growth. And given our strong growth internationally, FX, assuming the dollar continues to get stronger, is something that I'd be more concerned about from a growth perspective. But we'll give you an update on guidance next year when we have our Q1 call -- or excuse me, our Q4 earnings call in Q1. So I'm not going to provide any guidance right now, but hopefully that gives you enough color to think about it.
Edward McGowan: Yes. So we tend to price most of our -- not all of our international business is in the local currency, most of it is, though. So you can see that's why we have such a big impact. Generally speaking, it's hard to switch with a customer who has been paying in one currency and then switching to another one.  Then you also -- the -- in terms of price increases, too, that's not something that we're considering at this point. Obviously, it's kind of a risky thing to do, when you see companies raise prices. Part of the reason we're actively looking to move our cloud spend is for the reason that we're seeing the suppliers in that area either increase price or not give any commensurate declines with volume increases. So I think the long-term strategy of introducing price increases can come back and backfire on you. So we're not planning on -- we're not going to be making any changes in terms of changing customers out from paying in local currency to dollars.
Edward McGowan: Yes. So if you think about where the investments are going to be, and that's where we're primarily investing our headcount is in Linode and also in security. And Tom also mentioned that we'll be moving some of the people that have skills that are transferable. If you think about building out, scaling up a CDN, there's a lot of transferable skills. So we'll be able to move some folks that have talent into that group as well. So that won't put any pressure on the bottom line, but we will be spending some money and continuing to grow because we think the opportunity is significant. And then on a CapEx perspective, we will be building out to take in the consideration, moving our own workloads as well as the future demand, and we'll give you an update on that at the next call.
Edward McGowan: Yes. So good question. I think we bring some pretty interesting synergy. I just mentioned on the last question how we've got a lot of skill sets in-house that can do, say, network build-outs, for example. We don't have to build out a separate team to do network build-outs. We've got engineering talent in-house. We also have a big enterprise sales force in place that Tom talked earlier in one of the earlier questions about the spending of some of our larger verticals and the relationships we have with those customers who are spending probably 10 to 15x more on cloud computing than they are on CDN. So there's a significant synergy that you get there. And then also with our network infrastructure that we have built out, Tom talked about connecting our backbone to the existing Linode centers. That drives a significant cost benefit. So I think that actually, we could have very attractive operating margins, similar to what I showed on the IR Day. We get pretty good operating leverage, just like we did with the security business. So long term, our goal is to get back to 30% or higher in operating margin. And I think as we scale that business, we should be able to do it.
Edward McGowan: Yes. This is Ed. No, we haven't seen anything notable. Like if anything, we're actually starting, like I said, to see some bit of a moderation in the pricing declines. So we haven't seen anything on the churn side.
Edward McGowan: Yes, I'd say it's a tough one to really figure out what the impact is on the macro. I'd say that's probably -- maybe that's a point or 2. But I think it's really the issue of what Tom talked about, where if you look at the biggest product, we're the market leader in web app firewalls growing faster than the market, but that market isn't growing as fast as some of the other markets that we're in, and it's just not at scale yet. So I'd say that's the bigger issue, except those newer products are growing faster at the scale that we're at, just isn't offsetting the slower growth in those -- in the bigger products.
Edward McGowan: Yes. So I'll take a stab at that. Tom, if you want to add anything, feel free to jump in. So obviously, with the -- what we're talking about here, where Linode was primarily focused on small, medium business, and we're moving towards the enterprise workloads, you're talking about much larger workloads. Even with our own spend and what we're moving, Tom talked about on the last call, we had that we're spending roughly $100 million, that's growing pretty fast. That's a much bigger scale than what Linode was doing. So looking at CapEx as a percentage of existing Linode business isn't the right metric to look at, at this point. But think of it as we're in the build phase. So you can see CapEx is starting to creep up a bit as we're building out, as we see better visibility into demand and also as we start to build out our plans to migrate the workloads that we do have on the hyperscalers on to us. So you're going to see a bit of a disjoint. So if you're looking at that as a metric, it doesn't send the right signal. I'd say look at that as more of a bullish signal in terms of how we feel about our customer -- pending customer demand and also how we think we'll be very successful in being able to migrate those workloads. So for the next, say, several quarters, you're going to see more CapEx going into Linode and then the revenue and the cost savings will follow. But then if we get -- it really depends on the growth, right? So as you're growing revenue at significant rates, and so you're doubling revenue, you're going to obviously have a higher percentage of CapEx. But then at some point, it will normalize out to approximate what the future revenue growth would be. And so, let's say, for example, we get to 20% growth as a run rate in the long term, your CapEx will probably be somewhere in that range.
Edward McGowan: No, no, no. So I was using that as an example. What I was saying is we'll give you detailed guidance on what we're going to do next year, but we're in a building phase now where Tom talked about getting into many new centers we're building out for our own demand and also what we're hearing from our customers. So what I was saying is if you're looking at CapEx as a percentage of Linode, it's not the right way to be thinking about it because we're going after a much different business, right? We're going after big enterprise workloads. So there's a build phase where you have to build out ahead of the demand. And then you'll start to see the revenue come our way. And as you get to scale, like many years out when you get to scale, you can start thinking about as a proxy that roughly speaking, your CapEx would approximate what your future demand is. So if you, say, have a long-term run rate of 20% or 30%, your CapEx will be somewhere in that range. But in the near term, it'll be higher than...
Edward McGowan: We'll know when we get there. There'll probably be -- certainly higher than what we're seeing in delivery now, but it is a more capital-intensive business by nature.
Edward McGowan: Yes, sure. So the way to think about the delivery business, I'll call on 4 factors in terms of thinking about, as you called it, a turnaround. Obviously, one is renewal. So we went through a very heavy phase of renewals. So we're not going to have that next year. We'll always have some renewals, but it's very unusual to see 8 of your top 10 customers renewing at the same time. Number two is pricing. So we're -- as we talked about several times on the call, we are moderating the discounts that we provide on pricing. And then the third thing is traffic. Traffic, we're starting to see some encouraging signs, albeit early, that the Internet has been growing at 30% a year for many, many years. This year is a sub-30% year, but it's reasonable to think that we should start to get back to more traditional growth rates. And then the fourth thing I would say is I think we get a tailwind in our delivery business from being in the compute space. We actually do see some customers that are on hyperscalers get to a certain size that they -- even though they offer their own CDNs, come to us for better performance. So as we add customers, get into new verticals, et cetera, we do have the opportunity to just grow the delivery business by being a proxy of being in the compute business.
Edward McGowan: Yes. Alex, this is Ed here. I'll give that one a try. Obviously, we don't break out specific guidance for individual products like that in the quarter. But right now, the FX impact, as you quoted an as-reported number, is about 6%. So as-reported was 13%, constant currency was 19%. So if you assume that, you're getting to about -- if you're using 9%, you get to about 15%. Since we're lapping, in constant currency that is -- since you're lapping the Guardicore acquisition at this point, and we just came off a 15% organic growth rate, if you back up the contribution from Guardicore in Q3, that's probably a reasonable number. If you're solving for what we gave you in terms of 20% constant currency, somewhere in that 14% to 16% constant currency. Obviously, I can't predict where FX is going to be. But if you just kind of keep it what it was this quarter, that's -- you're doing roughly the right math.
Edward McGowan: Sure. So I'll start with the currency with Linode. So not -- they -- when we acquired Linode, most if not all of their revenue was in U.S. dollars. So they were not billing in local currency. So there's not as much currency headwinds associated with the Linode portion of the business. Obviously, with the non-Linode compute business, we have the normal dynamics in our business. On the investments in terms of marketing, et cetera, I think we can maintain the current levels, and I'm not expecting a significant increase in marketing spend next year. We are increasing it a bit, but nothing significant. From a sales perspective, we are adding some sales folks, some specialists, especially on the technical side, to help our sales force, but it's not going to be a significant investment there. We believe our sales force can be trained, and we're also changing our comp plans to have an added incentive for compute. So all of that, I think, can fit into sort of a normal run rate expense level that we've been sort of operating, and I don't see any major investments in that part of the business.
Edward McGowan: Yes. So obviously, if you go back to the IR Day slides, and there was a question earlier about the leverage that we get on the compute business, as the faster-growing parts of the business security and compute become a bigger part of the business, we should get some operating leverage. It won't happen right away, but over time. Then obviously, there's the dynamic that we talked about with some accelerated CapEx ahead of revenue. So that's another thing to keep in mind. The other thing you notice -- I talked a bit about having a bit of a pressure on the gross margin line. That also, I would say, is more of a temporary thing. We will be reducing the gross margin line as we move our third-party costs over, but also with some of the build-out costs, including some of our colocation agreements, network build costs, a little bit that's front-loaded. So as revenue scales, we should start to see some scale in the gross margin line as well. So as Tom talked about, security should be our biggest product line. It's got higher gross margins, higher operating margin. So we should start to see that flow through as the mix changes to those 2 product lines over time.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. Great question. The compute business, even before Linode, was on a pretty strong trajectory of growth. And with Linode, that accelerates it a lot. As you look to the future, the big growth comes when we're tapping into the core cloud compute market, a market that's over $100 billion today and growing rapidly. And that's something that we're working really hard on now to -- so we can exploit that next year. And that involves increasing scale, having a lot more core compute regions and then introducing the lighter-weight distributed computing regions. So that we'll be in a position to offer at least as good or better performance integration into the Akamai platform, which has great delivery, great security and, of course, edge computing at a lower total cost of ownership. And for a lot of our customers, especially you think of the media vertical and the commerce vertical, they spend a lot more on compute than they do with delivery and security. Moreover, they compete pretty heavily with the hyperscalers. So the big growth for us, what we're really going after over the next several years is in that core cloud compute market, mission-critical applications for major enterprises because that's a very big potential market for us. And that's what will drive our -- the major growth in compute, and ultimately, I think the company going forward.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. Good question. The 20% goal, of course, includes M&A, and we're about to do the year-over-year lapping on Guardicore, which is a very successful acquisition. And we haven't announced any other acquisitions in security to sort of fill that gap. In terms of increasing the security growth rate over time, obviously, the global economic conditions are important there. Also, we've got several of the newer products that are growing very rapidly. Aside from Guardicore, bot management doing extremely well. The new Account Protector solution doing very well. Page integrity management, which will be, I think, really important for companies that want to be PCI compliant beginning in 2025, and they're already working towards that. Those areas are doing very well in terms of growth, but they're still small enough in revenue that they can't swing the whole number as much. The vast majority of our security revenue today is in the app and the API protection area. And the large majority of that is in our web app firewall, where we're the market leader by far and continuing to grow that faster than the market and our competitors there. But that market is -- as a whole, is slower growing. So what we'll need to see is better economic environment, continued growth in the rapidly growing products that are -- as they get bigger, their rapid growth can drive security as a whole, and ultimately, M&A, which is a key part of the 20% goal.
Thomson Leighton: Good. Okay. So there are customers on the platform today and a key reason that they are using Linode and plan to grow their use of Linode is because of these deployments. And the advantage of the lighter-weight deployments is we can get into markets, into regions where it's hard to build out a massive core compute data center so that we're going to have before -- next year more than double by having over a couple of dozen of the core compute data centers, but several dozen more of these lighter-weight distributed locations, where you can do the compute. You wouldn't have huge monolithic storage there, but you don't need that. That can be in the core regions. And that is a key consideration to some of our larger customers that are working with Linode today, doing proofs-of-concept, so in some cases, already running mission-critical applications. Because those lighter weight regions being closer to enterprise data centers in many parts of the world and to end users gives you better performance. And I think that will put Akamai in a great position to have equal or better performance than the hyperscalers. Of course, we have already our edge deployment with 4,000 locations, which also supports edge computing on top of delivery. And for a total -- lower total cost of ownership. So yes, the lightweight distributed regions are important for a lot of our customers and prospects with among the major enterprises on Linode.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, we have a large pipeline, and we generally do. We're constantly looking for appropriate acquisitions. As Ed said, we're very disciplined buyers, though. And the market as a whole is still highly priced. I think the realities of what's going on in the global economy haven't fully set in yet. That may take another year. And so because we're very careful buyers, we're being very selective there. I think there's a variety of capabilities that would be interesting as tech tuck-ins. And occasionally, we'll make an acquisition with a product adjacency. I think Guardicore has been a fabulous acquisition. They're the market leaders now in segmentation, making Akamai the market leader there. And I think that's the most important defense an enterprise can have. You can buy every company's Zero Trust offer, and malware is still getting into enterprises. And the real key is to identify it quickly and proactively block it from spreading. And that's how you limit the damage caused by ransomware and data exfiltration attacks. And that's what Guardicore does. And so I think very important strategic product with enterprise security and Zero Trust. But over time, I think there'll be other capabilities that we'll be interested in, in terms of broadening the portfolio.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, sure. I think it's great being a public company. And yes, I do think the stock is undervalued where we are today in this market. And that's why I'm going to buy more shares. It's -- and over time, the stock has grown. And I think there's excellent prospects for future growth as we continue to grow Akamai. And I'm really excited about what we can do in the compute landscape. That's an enormous market. You just look at Akamai, next year, probably security will be our biggest product line. That's a big step forward, given that we started as a CDN company. And I think if you look 3 to 5 years down the road, well, maybe in that time frame, compute could be our largest product line. So I think there's lots of opportunity for continued growth. We're very disciplined when it comes to cost, and that means there's a lot of opportunity for bottom line growth in earnings per share. We've continued to buy back our equity to reduce the number of shares outstanding. So I think there's a great value proposition for public Akamai shareholders.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. Let me answer that question in the context of where we'll be next year. Because as you know, we're doing a lot of the build-out now. We're doing -- adding a lot of the functionality now. But if you look at where we'll be this time next year, I think, first, our footprint will be better than that of the hyperscalers. We'll be closer to a lot more enterprise data centers' end users. So that means better performance. I think we'll be hooked in now then to the Akamai platform with 4,000 POPs to do delivery, to do the outer layer of security, to do edge computing. So that's a big advantage. As Ed noted, that also lowers our costs substantially for egress. And so lower total cost of ownership is another, I think, very attractive feature that Akamai would have. Akamai is known for scalability, for reliability in addition. And there's been some pretty well-publicized issues with some of the hyperscalers in terms of reliability, extended issues. And I think that's an area where we can be very competitive. Really the only area where we wouldn't be as competitive as in the large number of third-party apps in the ecosystem that are available as managed services on the hyperscalers. And that's a key way that you get vendor lock-in. And so customers that want -- enterprises that want to have that, fine, okay? But if you don't want lock-in and you do want better performance at a lower cost, I think Akamai will be very competitive. And also, it's good to keep in mind just relative scale. Those hyperscalers are giant companies. If we can go get 1%, 2% market share in a multi-hundred billion dollar business, that will be very meaningful for us. And I think we're in a position that we can go do that. One other issue is that in the sectors where we're very strong like media and commerce, those companies, they compete heavily with at least some of the hyperscalers. And with the cost of the hyperscalers rising, that's becoming more of an issue for those companies. You're paying a large bill to a company that's buying out the media rights from underneath you. And that's sort of tough for some of them to take. So I think that also gives us a competitive advantage. We don't compete with our customers. We will help them grow with their business and be good partners to them and they can trust us.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. So that's well -- the migration of our cloud spend to Linode is well underway. We've already done some. The lion's share of that work or the migration will take place, I would say, over Q1 to Q3 next year. And by the end of next year, we ought to have the vast, vast majority migrated.
Thomson Leighton: And thank you, everyone. In closing, we will be presenting at a number of investor conferences and presenting at events, road shows and other things throughout the rest of the fourth quarter. Details of these can be found in the Investor Relations section of akamai.com. So thank you for joining us. And all of us here at Akamai wish continued good health to you and yours, and have a nice evening.
