Paul Sagan: Thanks, J.D. As J.D. just detailed, we had a very strong first half. Looking ahead, we continue to see proof points for the three major trends that support our growth strategy and we're aggressively positioning the company to benefit from these trends. In cloud computing, as more and more companies move to the cloud experience new performance and reliability challenges that are inherent in using the Internet. To address these challenges, we're partnering with companies big and small to make the cloud work better. One such partnership, for example, is the Akamai Ready Initiative that IBM announced at the Impact Conference in May. By pre-tuning IBM WebSphere products to leverage Akamai technology, customers can see significant benefits for their enterprise applications delivered over the Internet. These benefits include not only improved performance, but also reduced capital expenditures and faster time to integration.  In Media, online video is creating real business opportunities for customers as we have continued to serve increasingly large online audiences and set records for peak traffic every quarter, there's little doubt that the migration online is happening at an accelerated pace. Highly publicized World Cup was just one example. BBC estimated that 5% of its World Cup audience watched online. It's an incredible statistics. We've talked about being at the 1% line for online video for a while, and now we're seeing events like the World Cup surpass that mark by a wide margin to reach ever larger Internet audience. During the World Cup, we successfully delivered live and online demand content for 24 different global broadcasters into 65 countries. And in most cases, these clients were leveraging the Akamai HD network less than a year after we introduced it. And for online advertising, we've continued to see encouraging signs of traction. A key differentiator for our Advertising Decision solutions is the ability to launch targeted ad campaigns for clients without using pixels. This unique Akamai capability enables our clients' larger campaign to come to market faster and without draining their IT resources. Already in Q2, 20% of the revenue for our Advertising Decision solutions was on our pixel-free platform introduced just last year.  In addition to these three trends that we've talked about for a while, cloud computing, HD video online and better targeted online advertising, we believe that one of the most exciting future opportunities for Akamai is delivering content and applications to Internet-enabled mobile devices. These devices are expected to outnumber traditional PCs in just three years. This trend is part of the reason behind our recent acquisition of Velocitude, where technology help businesses adapt and optimize their Web content for delivery to mobile devices. Many online businesses are embracing the mobile channel to reach customers prospects, partners and employees, creating a need for easy-to-navigate mobile websites.  We built a great business optimizing Internet content and applications access over personal computers. We believe that mobile will be an important part of the Internet's growth and is a natural extension of our product portfolio. Now with solid performance from our entire team, we've got the $1 billion revenue objective firmly in our sight and I expect to get there this year. But we're even more excited about the future opportunities for Akamai beyond 2010.  And we're very pleased to be announcing today, that we're adding David Kenney to our experienced and successful management team as President to help us drive the next wave of growth here. As many of you know, David is not new to Akamai. He's been a member of our board since 2007, he knows our industry, our business, our technology, our people and most importantly, our customers. He's one of the most respected, enabled executives in the online world. David's a great fit for Akamai, and I look forward to partnering with him for years to come.  Now J.D. and I would like to take your questions. Operator, the first question please.
Paul Sagan: So let me talk about the kind of products that we're working on, investing in, across the business. And then I'll let J.D. take the impact on our performance and rate of consumption on the network. So I think if we focus on the areas that we believe are the key trends, the investments and the buildout, aside from the pure Network buildout for capacity and performance in increasing parts of the world, is around the features and functionality that make our services more valuable to our customers. So if you look at media online, if you look at HD, it's all about saying to the customer, this is a very complex world. You have users everywhere across three screen sizes and many, many kinds of devices and you're trying to deliver them an optimal and economic experience. And so the idea would be evolution of the Akamai HD network is deliver a high-quality HD picture at any device with the simplest input. So today, customers have lots of formats, lots of bit rates and lots of effectively a spaghetti mess. And we're trying to move them to role that says you can deliver us a file in any format and then we will figure out where the user is, what kind of device, what access capability and deliver them that experience and then give you full data back on what happened. So the investment there is around ease-of-use for our customers and managing the complexity for them inside the Akamai HD network with the TV-quality picture with whatever level of interactivity they want to build into the player, whether that player is on a mobile device, on a PC, or on a big screen. Across the value-added services, you really have to look at the industry. In commerce, it's around increasing the value to commerce. So, for example, around security like the web app firewall functionality that we rolled out or the new service around tokenization to help shield and protect credit card numbers, all areas of engineering investment, this is effectively software we deploy and then make available to our customers. Mobile is another, where we made the acquisition in Velocitude and will work to build out and enhance their technology for transforming standard websites across mobile devices. So those are the kinds of investments that we're making. Let me turn to J.D. to pick up the impact in the shorter and the long-term and the question of usage of network.
Paul Sagan: Sure. Well I always had been cautious to generalize, people tend to talk about Europe like it's one country, it's many countries. It's not a bunch of states as we tend to obviously, think about the U.S. So we need to be very careful that their markets have their dynamic. And I think if you look at the growth, you have to also remember that currency headwind was even more severe. So the growth there if you normalize there was on par with the rest of the business. And we continue to believe that there is more opportunity. There's just more people on the Internet and in many places, with better broadband. I would recommend you look at our State of the Internet report offline that came out earlier in the week, and you'll see that broadband access and growth, fastest cities in the world, most of them are not in North America, as it turns out. So we see opportunity there and uptake across the board, strong uptake for our Application Acceleration services. Particularly there are global companies all around the world where -- and they're trying to reach their partners, prospects, customer, suppliers around the world. They use our Application Acceleration services to improve a business process and raise that affection with their customers for what they do. At the same time, there is our traditional media and video delivery and we were doing HD of the World Cup for, as I said, several dozen broadcasters. There were only I think two, with the right -- in the U.S., the rest were elsewhere. So they were in-country broadcasters with those local rights, or rights in a couple of geographies. And they were using the HD network like never before. So I wouldn't say it's all in the volumes side, it's value-added side. It's both. We're doing very well in Asia and in many places in Europe. I think in the macro sense, we're probably a little more concerned with the economy in Europe for all the widely known reasons. And I think that slowed things down, but not dramatically. But it gives us certainly, some pause and some worry. We will continue to invest most of that investment internationally in opening or expanding regions. And then localizing products, often that's really a language question. Sometimes it's a customization of the product a little bit as well, to sell it.
Paul Sagan: Kathy, this is Paul. You do, it's just that we seem to have one every quarter. So it's just a normal part of business and no one is just so much bigger than any other. And we go from Super Bowl to March Madness, to World Cup to the Olympics, to the Elections, and there are just a few in every quarter, and so they're just kind of regular part of what we do. Certainly, there is some overuse but they just sort of roughly balance out.
Paul Sagan: Well, I think, this is Paul. I'll take that. One, the Commerce market just keeps expanding. So if some numbers of years ago, we can target the top 50 then the top 100, now we can target the IR top 300. We can now go to the other parts of the world. That's one thing, the market, I think the addressable market for us is expanding rapidly. The other is we keep adding services. You talked about some of them what you think about service mitigation, you think Web App Firewall, now you think about the tokenization opportunity, bringing the mobile to them, going to those customers with our ADS Solutions, saying, how about if we also target and find in-market shoppers for your product that you're not selling. So we have an expanding portfolio and the ability to go back to them, existing ones, and try to get more wallet share and expand as they grew online whether they're pure online retailers or commerce sites or people who are bricks and clicks, and trying to shift more of their business online from the physical world. So I don't know that, that actually have a slow kind of a commonality with the rest of the business.
Paul Sagan: Sure. We did see opportunity and the need to speak more and more to the customers at scale in their language. So today, we already have more than half of the top global banks on our platform at one level or another what I think much more opportunity to go in and offer much greater benefit to them for obviously more revenue to us. And I think half of the online major -- the top 10 online brokerages at a similar fashion. So I think we are really penetrating, they're extremely effectively and most of that is within the last year and a half or two years, which frankly was a devastating time in their business, overall, and what they did is make an investment in online. So I'm very pleased with that. You're right to note that we've made a number of great hires. I think it says a few things, one, we are building for scale, we're approaching the goal of being a-billion-dollar business. We'll be one of five companies in technology that's tripled their revenue over in the last five years. And that puts us in some pretty rare company among global technology company. And we're preparing to scale beyond that, and I think it's a great testament to the opportunity, the level of people that we brought back into the company, whether it's bringing in somebody of David Kenny's experience as President, or Chuck Neerdaels as VP of Cloud Engineering. These are really, really top-notch executives who could really have their pick of anywhere they want to work and they're picking Akamai, and I think it's a great statement about confidence of the outside world has about our potential.
Paul Sagan: Well, this is Paul. Let me take the last two and I will let J.D. take the APS question. So we had growth in video across the board, including if you will, traditional format in the HD Network. Probably the bigger piece was on the HD Network. I don't have an exact stat, but I'm just guessing based on the adoption for World Cup, for example....
Paul Sagan: On the HD Network, it was Infinity, exactly. On ADS, good growth there, but that's an end of your seasonal business. So that's a Q3, Q4 question when we really see how that's done. But the uptake on the pixel-free, which is a unique platform has been great, and we think that, that is tremendous benefit because if customers like that, they can't buy it anywhere else, and that gives us a great advantage. We're saving their money when they use it. And I let J.D. talk to the APS question.
Paul Sagan: It did fine. Again, as I said, that's really a Q3 Q4 business. It's a back-to-school and then Shopping business, primarily because it's about finding in-market shoppers and that's when most of those budgets get spent disproportionately. But it performed as we expected and we saw, as I said, strong traction in the new technology we offered, which we think is really a benefit to customers as they begin to see how much faster they can bring campaigns online and do it with fewer resources.
Paul Sagan: So on the service side, it just the continue build out as we see demand and opportunities, some of it was to make sure that we are ready for the World Cup. And some of it, as J.D. said, whatever our peak is suddenly is the new average, not that far down the road and we just expect increasing delivery of rich media long form like movies online, television shows online, special events and increasingly using the Akamai HD Network. In terms of our enhanced [ph] opportunities over the next three years, I think that they're going to be equally-balanced between the media opportunity with the explosion of video that could come. We've talked about the 1% opportunity over and over again, 1% of video in the home being over IP, took 15 years to get to that point. I know it will double more rapidly and double again even more rapidly. I'm just very confident of that. We're positioned to capture value from that. And on the cloud optimization side, we continue to see expansion of people using Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Platform-as-a-Service and Software-as-a-Service. And effectively, we're then providing network optimization as a service in all three of those layers. And we continue to see increasing inquiry demand from individual SaaS players to giant Infrastructure players trying to make that Infrastructure-as-a-Service actually work for their end users. And I think that, that's just a tremendous opportunity going forward because we have this unique footprint of service around the world. The ability to route between any two endpoints in realtime to pick the best route, route around congestion, and do it much, much more efficiently than any dedicated network infrastructure you'd ever put in. And frankly, for Infrastructure or SaaS, Software-as-a-Service, dedicating infrastructure makes no sense because it's about the thing that any user you can come here without telling me where you are in advance across any device. And so I think our opportunity to optimize and build the business there is fantastic. So I wouldn't pick either. I think they're both very, very strong legs to support our growth long-term.
Paul Sagan: I'll let J.D. do the M&E pricing on value-add. On the ADS, just to be clear, the service we're offering today is a data call from online shopping. So it works the target in-market shoppers for Commerce sites. So today, it's an offer, two to buy side to go find customers online. So it's not directed to Media and Entertainment side. We're certainly interested in expanding the portfolio of products, and expect two over the coming years. But today, it's an offer two Commerce sites, so that the place it gets applied. And I'll let J.D. respond to the M&E pricing question, and we'll try to move quickly to the last few questions to make sure we get everyone in before the hour is over.
Paul Sagan: I do think, J.D., that we're hearing from the media customers that they're going to start making bets on video that we're significantly different than they were talking about a year ago. I was talking to one of the largest broadcasters in the world, and they just said that the experience with the World Cup changed their view of the Internet as part of their business going forward forever. And not just a number in size of the audience is online, but how people are also using their computers and accessing this broadcaster site, while they were watching TV at the same time, allowed them to create monetization model, usage model that were new. So I think we're just going to be ready for what we think is going to be new expectations for video and data online in these markets.
Paul Sagan: Sure. So I think on share, I think, I don't have an exact number. We leave shares to the outsiders to try to estimate. But I think we have done great in our conversations with customers, for example, with the HD Network. It's not a stream as a stream as a stream. They understand that this is a different offer that they cannot get this quality in the scale anywhere else, and that really, really matters and is really important. And then on a smartphone and the smart devices, lots of interest to delivery of video and applications there. We're so excited about it, we made a technology acquisition with Velocitude to help our customers more and more conversations about the potential and the reality of mobile and we think that's a long-term driver. Today, it's not a large driver of bit because obviously the bandwidth to that device is small and there are more people still accessing on the traditional computer or the big screen through unattached gaming type box with smartphones are a big driver. You did mention those gaming devices and you may have heard me in the past refer to them as really the Trojan horse in the home that connected the TV to the Internet. And what we found was because suddenly tons of millions of TVs, big screen TVs were connected to the Internet for reasons of gaming, suddenly the Movie business online the Internet started to take off and we see big traffic there. So that was the first way people connected to the Internet in a new way on the big screen, and the smartphone is now the way they're doing it on a small screen. So this world that we've talked about for a long time on the three screen option is really now the reality for many of our customers, and they're turning to us for optimized solutions.
Paul Sagan: Well, we today, delivered content, including streaming including ads to devices. What we want to do is offer solutions that our customers find the most useful whether they are a sight trying to deliver entertainment or commerce, or frankly whether it's on mobile network partner that's looking for help, scaling their network and dealing with this crush of new data traffic, mostly video, that's clogging their networks. We're trying to work with many of them around the world to effectively optimize the infrastructure that they have. So their end users have a better experience across these devices. So we think there are a number of opportunities to partner in the cell services. We'll continue to do our own organic engineering on top of what we've had on video side and now the transformation side with Velocitude. I think we're building a pretty robust and full set of services. So I don't envision that we need to do any more acquisitions there at this point. We'll continue to build and work with our customers to see what they need.
Paul Sagan: On a bunch of those customers have transitioned to value-added services. So they've gone from static delivery to value-added dynamic sites. So they didn't go away. They've bought a higher value service and actually are doing more on our platform than they probably were two years ago. So we've migrated them strategically from something that had closer to a commodity substitute to something that's much more differentiated in the market in value.
Paul Sagan: And that's loss in the overall deal in the multiple products that they're now buying from us. So that was a very conscious strategy.
Paul Sagan: Thank you all for tuning in. I appreciate it. We will be back in another three months to give you another update. Thank you. Goodbye.
J. Sherman: Right, and I was also add on the investment side, that you'll see us making a lot of investments in our go-to-market. That's where most of the new headcount is going in our sales and services and support organizations, particularly as we go into new verticals. That's going to be an important investment. And I think, it's one that we're already starting to see pay off with our traction in places like financial services and healthcare. And then of course, Michael, on the GAAP gross profit question, that's obviously the timing of when we put servers on and then traffic grows over time. So a little bit of that as we have a very big CapEx quarter in Q2. Then to your question on the traffic, we've seen the Media and Entertainment vertical go from this time last year, shrinking almost 10%, to now growing over 20%. Over that period of time, pricing has been relatively constant. I mean, we actually have seen, for a period of time, a little bit more aggressive price and I think we've seen that sort of stabilize a little bit. The key thing is the rate of volume growth has continued to accelerate and our bet is that, that continues with HD over a long period of time. And that's what we're trying to make sure we stay in front of.
J. Sherman: No, I think we've seen pretty steady growth there. And I think we had a very solid signings quarter, with new customers, and particularly with the value-added solutions there, that drives revenue out in the future. I don't expect that every quarter we'll grow that 36%. That would be nice, but I think that was a real strong data point this quarter, which is why I shared it.
J. Sherman: I think what they mean is, we've seen this over and over with the large events, which is we hit new traffic peaks and then within three to six months, those peaks are normal peaks. So I think they're sort of the chance for consumers to have a new and different experience on the Internet and then start to demand more of that kind of experience. So we love those events in terms of what they mean for the future traffic. So when we thought about building out our capacity for this quarter, we knew that we want to make sure we have plenty of capacity for the World Cup and we knew that very rapidly we would grow into that capacity. So again, events are very interesting, and I think helpful for driving traffic, but they're short-term. What matters for overall growth of our business and growth of usage on the Internet is sustained usage over a long period of time. And that's what drives revenue, not necessarily these individual events.
J. Sherman: And another comment on that, the World Cup, as you know, is a June and July event. And so some of it's in our June quarter and some of it's in our July quarter. So it even spreads it out more.
J. Sherman: The stats that I gave where we think the euro will be are the foreign exchange will be about $2 million, $2.5 million year-over-year headwind. That assumes a spot as of yesterday.
J. Sherman: Yes, I think last quarter was sort of an exceptional quarter in terms of gross margin. The percentage of our business that is value-added solutions, actually it was about flat quarter-over-quarter. We had such a strong growth in our Media business. So in fact, the mix change there was pretty -- there wasn't much of a mix change form Q1 to Q2.
J. Sherman: Yes, definitely. I mean, it's ironic that at the end of last year, we said, we're not really going to talk about new customers emphasized it on the call because it has less meaning as we really diversify. And then of course, we have two unbelievable quarters in terms of new customer adds. But I think the important thing when we think about new customers is, how many new customer are we signing in new industries where we're selling our value-added solutions really driving into new revenue opportunities. And now it's a very strong quarter in terms of the focus on the value-added solutions. And of course, that's going to bring down the ARPU for the business. So there's always, when you're talking about this a double-edged sword. But we felt very positive about the traction we saw in the field.
J. Sherman: Yes, so basically there are two moving parts in that. One is very large Software Delivery business, which we have a great market position in. And therefore, the timing of rollouts of new software from our customers are going to move that around on a quarterly basis. Underneath that, we're also tracking how we're doing with APS in that vertical, particularly with the software and services guys as I mentioned last quarter. We now have a base of over 100 Software-as-a-Service companies using our Application Performance Solutions, and we continue to have good traction there. But yes, you're going to have those two parts, those two moving parts. As far as going forward, those will be the dynamics. I think we'll continue to see good growth with Software-as-a-Service, and you'll have a little bit more ups and downs in the Software Delivery space, but we don't give specific guidance by our verticals.
J. Sherman: And just to answer your question specifically, Scott, on the breakout, you remember, we broke that out at our last Investor Day. We split the Commerce vertical into sort of B to C Online Commerce and B to B which would be the catch up for all the other enterprises. We'll do that again this year, and then we'll look going forward when it make sense in the size as they get to be meaningfully enough sizes in and out themselves a break in and out further.
J. Sherman: Yes, we did break that out. And the point we made was if you look at the Commerce and the Enterprise vertical, which are 70%, 80% of the revenue from those verticals comes for our value-added solutions. Those solutions basically leverage a massive scale platform we built on the media side, and have software like gross margins, high-80s, even low-90s. And that drops to the bottom line so you end up having higher overall operating margin. The Media business is still a very profitable business because although it has lower margins, gross margin, it scales very well. Scales like it has a network effect to it, but we really have two almost separate side of the coin there.
J. Sherman: Yes, I think the one thing you hit on Randy, which is important. I think we're starting to see in the marketplace is you asked the question, customers have to be able to make money on this, and we are starting to see that rollover, if you will. And start to see some profitable models and customers starting to, really, this has become an integral part of their business, and I think that's been really important in the evolution of our Media and Entertainment growth. You obviously have the demand from end consumers, but now we see our customers pushing aggressively to meet that demand. I think that's really important. And I think the second part of your question was something about if there are any regulatory hurdles or anything like that? I'm not aware of any.
J. Sherman: Yes, we are hiring rapidly there. And really it's across-the-board because what we're trying to do is build out the capability to address a lot of new Enterprise verticals. We have enterprise class focused sales force, and when you're doing that, you have to build out services, support and the capabilities that these customers need to be comfortable with their -- because what we're starting to do here is bring on customers at their mission-critical businesses online. And in addition to that, we're building that out, particularly internationally. Where internationally in the past, we've been largely geographically-focused because we haven't got the scale there. We're quickly getting to scale because we think the opportunity to go through the banks in Europe, the banks in Asia, for example, is enormous. So we'll continue to build out that capability.
J. Sherman: Well, I just think we continue to see traction on the volumes. There's no sign that, that's going to slow down. In fact, even when we start to talk about this in Q4, we said, we don't want to let one point make a trend. And then in Q1, we said, we don't want two points to make a trend. Well, we're starting to see a trend here on that. The other aspect that I emphasized in my opening remarks, which I want to re-emphasize here is, we're also investing in R&D. And as we roll out new services, we capitalize the software development for that, and that's adding to our capital expenditures as well.
J. Sherman: Yes, I think we talked about the tax rate which is our full-year projection at this point and a 35% to 36% range. And then on that number, I think it's right around 77%. So more than 3/4 of our customers are using at least one value-added solution.
J. Sherman: I really think it's just a matter that we had an incredible gross margin quarter in Q1, and there's going to be small dynamics in and out in our costs and revenue and customer mix in between quarters. So I think it's more of the fact that 83% was the highest we've had for probably three years when we hit Q1. So the fact is that it was up year-over-year, we're pretty pleased with that.
J. Sherman: Yes. We think sort of a 12- to 18-month period, it will be roughly neutral in terms of the bottom line. I think that its a very early-stage company with a few marquee customers, but not driving a lot of revenue. It should be about a little less than $1 million revenues in the back half. But it will be -- at the current run rate, we're looking at sort of the $3 million of OpEx in the back half of the year. And I think important that important investment that we're frankly going to accelerate because we think the opportunity next year to grow the revenue in this space is pretty awesome.
J. Sherman: I think the media part of that segment is growing, but the part that's sort of traditional delivery is not growing. And so as a result, overall business is relatively flat.
J. Sherman: Well, I think that it depends on at some point, that business becomes small and the Media business starts to grow so rapidly that you could see a turn there. The question now is get it in two or three years, where do you think that percentage looks like value-added versus volume. The answer is it really depends on how rapidly we see the growth in the media space take off.
