Ed McGowan: Hey, Madeline, this is Ed. Yeah, so the renewals are going as planned in terms of the pricing expectations. We've got a few of them done now. We'll have about five of the seven completed by the end of this quarter, and the other two will be done in early Q3. As far as expectations go, like I said, pricing is coming in-line. Volume a little bit lower than we expected normally when we do these large renewals. We tend to see an uptick in traffic. We just haven't seen that. So that's all been reflected in our guidance.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, sure. So there's really no structural change. Obviously, we're making some pretty big investments in R&D, and you can see that in the R&D line. And also just the acquisitions, we made an acquisition last year, made an acquisition now. So we're investing in growth. But there's also a fair bit of investment that goes into the cost of goods sold-line as we build out our compute platform. So you can see that in the higher co-location costs. And there is some accounting that you have to do when you enter into some of the long-term agreements for co-location. So we should start to see that, get some benefit of that as compute grows even faster.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, sure. So first of all, just a great quarter for security, great sequential growth, strength across the board really in terms of pretty much all of our solutions, obviously seeing great growth with API security and expect that will accelerate now that we have Noname in the mix. But I think as you look at last year, we had very, very strong sequential growth, sort of unusually strong, including some license revenue in the back half of last year. So the compares get a little bit tougher. I don't think there's anything structurally that we're seeing that would cause us to be less bullish. I think one thing, just to keep in mind, we introduced some bundles last year. We had identified about 3,000 customers or so. Obviously, we had great success with that. That's going to have less of an impact this year as we start to anniversary that. But we are very excited about what we're seeing with Guardicore, which is starting to become more material, and the growth from API security. So we're very bullish with the growth going forward. I think just getting it to tougher comps in the back half, which is going to perhaps cause the percentages to be a little bit lower than what we saw here in Q1.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, as Tom talked about, we use the best information we possibly can. We obviously work with a lot of the big telcos. We try to get feedback from them to see what they're seeing. We talk to our large customers to get an understanding of what they have planned in terms of the big events or if they're doing downloads, how big the downloads are going to be, what sort of share we should expect as we go through things like our large renewals and that sort of stuff. When we see a trend like we saw in March where traffic was lower than we expected and then continued into April, it did cause us to go back and relook at our forecasts and be a little bit more cautious. But those forecasts, it's unusual to see traffic decline month over month. It doesn't generally happen. But there is a big pressure in the industry to save costs, especially in the streaming business. Gaming tends to be very seasonal and a little fickle in terms of different titles being popular and not. We're just sort of in the downtrend in gaming. But as Tom mentioned, we've seen these trends before. We're usually pretty good at predicting when things will turn around. But when we do see something that is concerning, we're going to call it out and reset our forecast.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, I'll take the first part, Tom. You can take the second part about the product. Now in terms of growth rates and stuff like that, I hesitate to give growth rates because we obviously have to translate everything they're doing into GAAP revenue ASC 606. But needless to say, they were growing pretty quickly. We talked about we think it will contribute about $20 million of revenue, but again growing very fast as we introduce them into the mix. We think we can accelerate that growth rate quite a bit as we introduce them to our customer base. Gross margins I would say is pretty typical of what you see in a software company. It's called like high 70s, maybe low 80s. There are some people cost that go into your cost of goods sold. As far as people go, right around 250 people, give or take, 60% or so is in R&D, 30% in go-to-market and the rest is sort of mixed in kind of your back-office support.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, you know as Tom talked about, it's hard to predict. I mean, I think what you need to see for that to happen is traffic growth to improve, to see pricing rationalize a bit more than where it is now, and less concentration of big renewals. But that's really the formula that you would need to see a sort of a stabilized delivery business.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, so if you think about where you see that, Alex, is there some absolute savings if you look at our – in our cost of goods sold line, you can see that on that network build and support sub-line, sub-category. It's offset a little bit by what you see in [colocation] (ph) fees. So you're not seeing a ton of margin expansion. But what doesn't show up there is that that line was growing at 30%, 40%, or 50% a year. Now, probably we'd be growing 30%, 40% if we hadn't done it. So the cost avoidance is pretty significant. As Tom said, we're finding this to be much better than we had expected. We should get the rest of the expected applications moved over here between now and the early part of next year, end of this year into the early part of next year. So I'm very, very pleased with that. And again, a lot of cost avoidance and some absolute cost savings, like I said, being a little bit [massive] (ph), investments we're making in the platform. And then you also asked a question on gross retention, I think was the term you used in terms of are we seeing any churn. On the enterprise side, we're not seeing any churn so far. We haven't seen any customers that have left the platform. We do see a little bit of churn in the legacy retail node business which was pretty common when you talked about the SMTs. But where we're really aiming to grow the business, we're not seeing any of that yet.
Ed McGowan: Yes, so if you look back a few years ago, they've been compressing a bit. We had some pricing pressure as we always do in the delivery business. But I talked a little bit about this a few questions ago, and even a little bit with Alex in the last question. As we invest in the platform to build out compute locations, we're doing the GECO build out. We built out 25 core locations last year. We entered into these long-term leases for colocation. And where there's underlying [commits] (ph), you have to straight line that. So there's some non-cash colocation expenses. So if you look at our [co-loc] (ph) cost line, that's been growing pretty substantially. So that's masking a lot of the savings that you're seeing from our third-party compute costs. There's also additional build out and support costs that go along with it as well. So that's why you're seeing that margin sort of holding flat to where they've been over let's say the last year or so, but I don't expect them to decline. Hopefully over time they should start to expand a bit, but as we're building out aggressively in the compute platform that does put a little bit of pressure on margins, but as we start to fill up those locations, we should start to see expansion in margin.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, so we don't share those numbers for obvious reasons with the price compression because obviously there's customers that get certain discounts, others don't get as high discount because they don't have as much traffic. And also it's a competitive number. I'd want to know what my competitors are doing with that number as well. But if I think about sort of the mix of what's driving it. Pricing is always a factor. And if you don't get the commensurate traffic growth offset that, then you're going to decline. And that's what we're seeing. It's really the back-half story is a lower than expected traffic. Now, couple that with your, some of your largest customers renewing at the same time. You don't have that, that volume offset. It just exaggerates the impact at the back half of the year. So like I said, it's really more of a volume issue than it is an overall pricing issue.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, so good questions. What -- I'll start with what the components of CapEx are today. So we said 16%. About 8% of that is Software CAP, so that's probably going to be 7%, 8% sort of going forward. Don't expect much of a change there. That's kind of been historically in that range. Compute this year is about 4%. CDN and securities around 3%, and then there's always 1% call it first. You know, you're [back-off](ph) if there's your IT systems and your facility related stuff. So in terms of how that's going to go throughout the years, we've obviously driven down our CapEx on the CDN business pretty dramatically. That used to be sort of 8% to 10% is what we used to talk about. So we've more than cut that in half. And I expect that -- that kind of low single-digit range will probably be where we stay unless we see just a dramatic increase like we saw during the pandemic. But there's no reason to believe that is to happen with what we know about the industry right now. In terms of the compute business, it's really a question of growth. Now we're expanding in terms of the number of locations right now. Obviously, revenue is growing very fastly, we made a big investment last year, and we talked about having room for revenue growth. And obviously, that enterprise revenue growth is quite substantial in terms of year-over-year and getting to more material numbers. Tom and I talked about being on a $50 million run rate just for that and growing it over 300%. Now, we've used kind of a metric of about a $1 of CapEx for a dollar of revenue. Not a perfect metric, but it's not a bad one to use. I've actually looked at some of the hyperscalers and some of the other public information that's available. It's a fairly decent proxy, obviously, as you're making major investments like testing an AI now. But I think that's a fairly decent place to put it for now and then obviously as we get more experience we'll update you from there.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, so what we've baked in really is just essentially what we expect their contribution to be without a significant increase in sales from our revenue synergy. So there's an opportunity to drive additional revenue synergy throughout the back-half of the year. Assumption there is it closes sometime in June. Going to train our sales reps up. It always takes a little while for an acquisition to settle, and then you start opening up sales campaigns and we'll start closing some deals towards the latter part of the year. Hopefully we can do better than that but in terms of our thinking we just sort of layer in what that contribution will be and hopefully we can drive some revenue synergy in addition to that.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, they're not directly tied, but as we talked about, several of the world's largest media companies are starting to use our compute capabilities for a variety of tasks. So that's a good new story. It's not tied to the traffic levels in any way. Of course, these big media companies still use Akamai for a large fraction of their delivery needs, but traffic in the industry as a whole, especially media and gaming, is lower than we had initially expected.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, for the large social media customer we talked about, there's a few components generally tied to their efforts to reduce costs. You know, they are using less bits per transaction and end-user experience. They're optimizing their doing less prefetching. They do have a very large DIY component as well and we haven't seen the impact of that yet but we do think that they may use that more throughout the rest of the year and that's factored into our lower guidance for this particular customer. So we haven't seen that yet, but we anticipated at this point as part of their overall cost reduction efforts.
Tom Leighton: I'll take the first part and then let Ed to answer the second part. Yeah, Noname is a market leader. And they have a lot of capabilities that we don't have yet. And it's actually very synergistic with what we have. They have an on-prem and hybrid-solution. Our solution has been SaaS-only. They have a great channel partner ecosystem, market-leading presence, very easy to use and to integrate. And by the time we get the acquisition closed later this quarter, we anticipate we'll have full integration with Akamai Security Services, which is the piece they were really missing. And great user experience and console. So really strong capabilities and of course much bigger business. And with our solution, we can add to that I think stronger forensics and threat hunting with our data lake capabilities and by putting the pieces together, really a very compelling solution. I was just out at RSA earlier this week and I got to say the news was incredibly well received. A lot of customers, both ours and Noname customers, very happy about the acquisition and what we're going to be able to do for them. Also, the partner ecosystem, Noname is very partner friendly. That will really help our go-to-market motion and they were very excited about the news as well. And Ed, I'll turn it over to you for the second part there.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, it's more of the latter and getting really solid experience and expertise as we increase our investment in the go-to-market effort around compute. And we think Dan is an excellent addition to our leadership.
Tom Leighton: No, I think you described it pretty well in the first two descriptions you gave. And they just are a very large customer for Akamai, and a very good customer. They are looking to cut costs and they are looking at potential, geopolitical challenges. And so that, I think a lot of companies look to cut costs, particularly these days in media and maybe they have additional concerns.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, in terms of the question on the hyperscalers and API security, they don't offer API security. They have API gateways, which is something totally different. In our competition, in API security is more startups or younger companies smaller. It's an emerging field and really we feel Noname as a leader there.
Tom Leighton: Well, PAR, we don't want to see revenue decline in our portfolio. We'd like to see it to grow. And we're declining, obviously, now in delivery. And in the particular case of the large social media company, I don't think, this is a price-related issue, really. And as Ed mentioned, I think pricing, obviously very competitive out there. And we don't go and chase the bottom stuff that's not really profitable for us. But you know, pricing is sort of as we expect and more of it's a traffic, overall traffic in the industry right now.
Tom Leighton: Yes, we talked about the Olympics as a decent event for us. Our estimate is $3 million to $4 million this year. As far as the election goes, really hard to tell. You know, we saw back in [2016] (ph) a bit more traffic, [2020] (ph) didn't really drive a ton of traffic. I'd say this is probably closer to what we saw in 2020, so we're not really anticipating a significant amount of traffic as a result of this year's election, but we'll see.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, so I would think that next year should play out, or excuse me, 2024 should play out like it's done in the past. Q1 was a little bit stronger than normal. As we talked about on several calls back last year, we did move some folks to a stock-based bonus program. So we used to have a cash-based bonus program that would play out in Q1 that would drive cash flow down a little bit in Q1, but in terms of the progress throughout the year, it should look like the other years.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, this is a really good platform for Zero Trust for enterprise applications. So you get your micro segmentation and your employees Zero Trust Network access which is your employee access. That's your North, South and East, West now combined. Same agents, you don't have to have two different agents, same console and [plane of class] (ph). And on top of it, you get your MFA, your DNS security, and your threat hunting service, all packaged in a platform. And that's something customers have been asking for. It makes their lives a lot easier than having what seem to be different products with different agents and different interfaces. On top of it, at RSA we demonstrated a very cool new capability that actually uses a GenAI, LLMs, to give a very nice human interface into your enterprise infrastructure. It identifies what your various applications and devices are, and you'd sort of think, oh, well people would know, but they don't. Enterprise, major enterprises just have zillions of applications and devices on the internal network and they don't even know what they all are. And this tells you, in actually a human language form, can actually tell you what is not sufficiently protected or if the firewall rules, the agent rules are out-of-date. We've got a lot of positive feedback about that at RSA. And it's something that over time we want to take to our entire suite of security services, which I think will be pretty exciting. So yeah, so this helps because customers want to see, really have a few basic platforms of which Akamai is one and simplification of interface and control, both for the control plane and for the agent that's on their applications and service.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, great question. It very much is a land small. Somebody will try out a single app with a little of the traffic forward and then grow it, and then add more apps. And you see that with our profile of customers, starting with the ones that $3,000 a month, then half of them now up to [$100,000] (ph) a year, [$60 million] (ph), [$100 million] (ph) a year. And Akamai is actually our first $100 million a year customer on the platform. And that's the same progression we went through over the last year-and-a-half. And we expect, and that's what we're trying to do with all of our accounts. These customers I talked about I couldn't give you most of their names, but you would recognize them. And they are -- what they're spending now with us is a tiny fraction, even the big ones, of their overall cloud spend. And they are finding the platform is easy to use, performs very well, and is saving them a boatload of money. And I think that's why we're seeing such good early traction. And now the goal is to grow those accounts, both in terms of the number of use cases and the scale of a use case, and then to add more customers. And again, they will come in at the lower revenue volumes to start.
Tom Leighton: Oh yeah, we already have several customers doing all sorts of AI, but inference AI on our platform, and we have partners, our ISV partners. Some of them, that's their product capability. So yeah, we foresee substantial use of the platform for inference.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, I'll just do a quick answer on the second part there. Yeah, Noname is strategic, API security is strategic, and we're looking forward to integrating that more deeply in the Akamai platform and then building on top of it with new capabilities. And Ed, I'll let you talk about the financial.
Tom Leighton: Okay. Thank you, everyone. In closing, we'll be presenting at several investor conferences throughout the rest of the quarter. We look forward to seeing you at those. And thanks again for joining us tonight. We hope you have a nice evening. Operator you can now end the call.
