Tom Barth: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Akamai's fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Speaking today will be Tom Leighton, Akamai's Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Benson, Akamai's Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding revenue and earnings guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties and involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in Akamai's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements included in this call represent the company's view on February 6, 2018. Akamai disclaims any obligation to update these statements to reflect future events or circumstances. As a reminder, we'll be referring to some non-GAAP financial metrics during today's call. A detailed reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found under the financial portion of the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, let me turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Barth: Operator, I think we have – yeah, sorry about that, Brad. So, operator, we have time for, I think, two more questions.
Tom Barth: ...okay, and so I'll just pick it up, operator. Thank you. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. In closing, we'll be presenting at several investor conferences in February and March. Details of these can be found on our Investor Relations section of akamai.com. Additionally, we are currently planning for our annual Investor Summit. As you know, we face some disruption to travel and attendance due to weather issues in March over the past few years. And we're looking to hold it a little bit later in the year. And when we set a specific date, we will let you know. So thank you all for joining us and have a wonderful evening.
James Benson: I'll take that, Michael. Thank you. That's a good question. I think you know, and we've talked about it throughout 2017, that one of the big areas of pressure on EBITDA margins for the company and operating margins for that matter has been the absorption of our acquisitions. And so that's been about a two-point impact on our operating margins and EBITDA margins for the last couple of quarters. And so, we're beginning to absorb SOASTA more so; Nominum, less so. We've been very much focused on driving operational efficiency across the business. And we've been clear with investors that we intend to operate the company in the high 30s EBITDA margins, and then expanding back to the low 40s going forward. And so this is very much an alignment with what we've been talking about. Now as we talked about, we took a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter. We implemented some of those restructuring actions in the middle of the quarter. We're going to finish the remainder of those actions pretty much in the first quarter, and so very much in alignment with what we've been saying we're going to do. And I would say the areas that we talked about that I included in my comments, and I think Tom talked about them a little bit as well, is that primarily in the Media area or Media-related area that this is a highly innovative company. And we've been investing in R&D in a bunch of different areas. And when you do that, not all areas end up being as commercially successful as you expect them to be. And so there were some areas in the Media Division that we decided to scale back on. It's resulted in some capitalized software impairments that we're going to write off. And it's also resulted in some R&D engineers that were working in those areas to leave the business as a result of that. So, I think it's the nature of a highly innovative company. Sometimes you have products that are highly successful, and sometimes, you don't. And I think this is just – we're scaling back in areas that have not been commercially successful to date.
James Benson: Sure. So on your first question that we had tremendous growth in Security, not just in new product areas, but also in our core Security Solutions. So Security grew 31% for the quarter, which is an acceleration from what we did in the third quarter. Relative to the Performance side, as we've talked about, on the Performance side that our Web Division customers tend to buy our high-end Web Performance products, and our Media Division customers tend to buy our lower-end Web Division or Web Performance products, which are more traffic-related. These products have become somewhat interchangeable, which is one of the reasons why we're going to stop reporting it that way. The best way for you to look at kind of the performance is that the new product areas of Security, Image Manager, Bot Manager, all of them, those tend to be very heavily sold into our Web Division customer base. So when you look at our Web Division customer base growing in the mid-teens, you should think of it as buying kind of those products of the portfolio, our Performance and Security products of the portfolio, not so much our Media products. Our Media Division customers, while they do buy those products, the predominant product that they buy are our traffic products. And those traffic products could be a Media Delivery product, or those traffic products could be a Web Performance product. So we're not providing it going forward because it's just – we don't look at the business that way internally and we just don't think it provides a helpful view for investors. Obviously, during kind of Annual Investor Days, we'll give you some color on new product areas and how the new product areas are doing, so you can get an understanding of kind of some of the new areas of innovation in the company and the traction that we're making. I think your second question was related to Media, and...
James Benson: The way you need to think about that is when you do a reprice with a customer, you see a reduction in the pricing of the customer right away. And it takes a while for the traffic to grow to a rate, then you eclipse that pricing reduction. And so it's a bit of math on it, that you take a – you go to a reprice, the price drops immediately, traffic does grow, but it takes a while for that traffic growth to lapse the pricing reduction. And usually it depends upon the customers. Some customers, it could be a quarter. But on average, it's about six to nine months from the time you do a contract restructure. And as we've been talking about for the last couple quarters, we began a pretty vigorous campaign around going and capturing more traffic share in our top 250 customers, and we made tremendous progress in that, and it's resulted in traffic share increases and traffic growth acceleration both in Q3 and Q4. It hasn't manifested itself yet in revenue growth, but we are quite confident going into 2018 that you're going to see the Media Division turn from, which has been down very slightly, to begin to grow modestly in the low single digits and hopefully improve throughout the year. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color.
James Benson: Sure. So on the head count growth, so I think you can tell from the comments that I mentioned that I think you will see head count growth grow slower than revenue growth based on some of the actions that we're talking about taking. So I think what we outlined today that you're going to see scale in the business and outside of our network cost, that in most of our costs in the company, are head count-related. And so you can expect that the margin expansion that we talked about that we're expecting to have happened through 2018 and hopefully exiting at a better rate outside of 2018 going into 2019 is going to be from better scale, and better scale in areas on G&A, we're going to continue to make sure we make the right investments in R&D and new product areas and make sure we continue to invest in areas on the sales and marketing side to capture the revenue growth opportunities. So, I'm pretty confident that we'll be able to continue to scale. And on the balance sheet, I would say that I think we've done a pretty darn good job as a company that I talked about the buyback that we've done and how much of our – we spent of our free cash flow and buying back shares for the company. Also, the cash that we have available, we put to strategic use. We bought two companies last year. We bought SOASTA, we bought Nominum. I think that's a very good use of capital for the company to invest in areas that are going to fuel future growth for the company. So, I feel pretty good about what we've done. It's certainly an area that we always look at. It's certainly an area that we talked to the Board about on an ongoing basis. So certainly, we were open to feedback in that area as always. But I think that pretty much, we put the capital that we have to use in buybacks and in areas of M&A that strategically help the company going forward.
James Benson: Yeah, I mean, there'll be – actually, with the recent weakening of the dollar, that there will be an improvement in FX, probably several million dollars versus Q4 levels.
James Benson: I mean, I think it's a combination of things. One, obviously, when you do a contract restructure, most of these contracts are at least a year long, some longer than that. And so you certainly get some good visibility from customers when you contract with them around their expectations. And almost all these contracts, as you can imagine, these customers commit to you for that period of time, and they give you some color around what they expect to do. They don't always commit to that level that they expect to deliver, because they don't want to be in a position where they're not delivering up to their commitment. But I'd say this is – what's maybe a little bit different here is that I think that our Media team have been very operationally focused on these top 250 customers. So I think the intelligence that we have with these customers at the time of renewal, and not just the intelligence but also the contract structure that we've put in place, in many cases, incent the customer to push more traffic with Akamai, because the way the contract vehicles work is the more traffic they push with us, the better pricing that they do get. And so, I think we've been smart about some contract structures to be able to secure the share and grow share with the way we price this with customers, so we feel very good and we're quite confident about being able to return the Media Division customer base back to revenue growth in 2018.
James Benson: Well, I think the performance lift that you got in the fourth quarter is not from the Media Division customers. The lift you got in the fourth quarter was holiday commerce traffic for our large commerce customers. There was a very, very strong holiday commerce season, and the Web Performance business benefits the most from that.
James Benson: I think the pricing assumptions are consistent with what we always do, which, obviously, we want to make sure that we have the competitive price points, that the way the Media business works is you got to give customers a competitive price, and then the best performance, reliability and scale wins. And so I think we've worked hard to make sure that the right pricing structure exists for our customers. And I think we're well poised to continue to grab the traffic that's there. So the Media business is all about, which is the reason why we're focusing on the top 250 customers, is focused on the customer that push a lot of traffic, put the right contract vehicles in place, and then watch the volume grow. And as the volume grows, the revenue growth should grow with that. That's just the nature of that business.
James Benson: Yeah, I mean, it's fair to say it's a very competitive pricing environment. So nothing's changed in that regard. It's still a very competitive pricing environment. So nothing's changed in that regard. But the nature of that business is about providing the right price points. And then with the right price point and the right performance, you'll get the traffic volumes.
James Benson: Yeah. I mean, certainly, from a visibility perspective in Media that we don't disclose the number of contracts that we actually reprice. But I think it's fair to say that based on what we talked to you about, at the end of Q2 and in Q3, that we were pretty aggressive about going into the customer base, where we thought that we could grab more traffic share. And you can expect that we did most of that in the second half. So I would say, most of that is behind us, to be frank that we've done a lot of that work now. And so we think we're going to be able to reap the benefits from that work in 2018. And relative to the Platform, the Internet Platform Customers, as we talked about in the past, you're right that they've been roughly $50 million a quarter throughout 2017. The dynamics that are going on with those customers are different, so not all those customers are kind of the same that – I think we can expect for those customers that they'll probably come down modestly in 2018, to be frank. They usually do, Q4 to Q1, seasonally, you see a drop in those customers. And I would expect we'll see that seasonal drop for them this quarter, and then probably stay, call it, 7% of the Akamai's revenues for pretty much the remainder of 2018.
James Benson: Yeah. No, I mean, it's probably important to remind folks that our CapEx really are two big areas and then a smaller area. One is network CapEx and the other is capitalized software. So we spend, call it, between 15% and 17% of our revenue in network CapEx and capitalized software with a little bit in facilities. And so, call it, half of it is in network CapEx and roughly half of it would be capitalized software. And so capitalized software are all the new product area that Tom talked about, Image Manager, Bot Manager, et cetera, that's all the new product innovation that's going on. So, it's not typical CapEx like many people think of it. It's not physical CapEx in that regard. And relative to network CapEx, I think we've done a nice job of scaling our network CapEx. And you can expect that we'll continue to scale our network CapEx in 2018. There's always a lot of initiatives underway in the company around driving cost of goods sold efficiencies and CapEx efficiencies in the company. And so for the full year, we'll probably spend on CapEx again between 15% and 17% of revenue.
James Benson: Yes. I think I provided that in the full-year guidance. We expect a 23% full-year non-GAAP tax rate.
James Benson: Sure. I'd say the Performance business that you can expect, Heather, that is also – it's not competitive like Media, but it's also a competitive business that Akamai has, we believe, the best performing set of products in that area. And so it depends upon the customer that you're selling to for the Web Performance, but not all customers and not all products are the same. And so when you're selling a Web Performance product maybe to a Media customer that's using it for a traffic solution, pricing might be much more aggressive, whereas if you're maybe selling Web Performance Solution to a large commerce customer that really needs to have the highest level of performance and reliability. And so, the pricing trends kind of differ by those customers. But as you can imagine, every customer, when they come up for renewal, they expect the price of technology to come down; the Web Performance product category is no different than that. But I'd say, it's a competitive area. It's not as competitive as Media, but it's certainly a competitive area, and it depends upon the customer profile.
James Benson: I think it's fair to say though, Tom, on the M&A front, Colby, that you're right. We have largely acquired companies with technology capabilities. But there were companies, Prolexic being one that did have go-to-market capabilities. So we've done both before. And you can expect in our M&A aspirations that we also look at companies in the M&A realm that can help us on the go-to-market side. But it has to be the right fit for the company, and it has to be the right kind of price point. But you can expect that we're looking at all those things.
James Benson: No, it's a good question. As you can imagine, these large Internet Platform Customers reside in the U.S. And so they obviously weigh heavily on the U.S. growth rates. And so one of the reasons why you see lower growth rates in the U.S. than outside the U.S. is largely because of them. Having said that, I think you're absolutely right that we've had very good success in our international markets and in our Asia-Pacific market in particular. And it's always things that our sales leaders are sharing with one another around plays that they've run that have been successful in their particular geography that potentially could work in the U.S., and there's (01:06:32) U.S. play that work – have worked well in Asia. So, yes, we're doing that. But you have to be a little bit careful that it's not necessarily because international is growing faster than the U.S. that it's a matter of the U.S. sales force. It's really a matter of that's where the big Platform Customers reside. And if you pull them out, actually, the growth rates in the Americas are pretty good.
James Benson: Yeah. We've had strong growth in actually many other markets. We've had drawn strong growth in Australia. We've had strong growth in Japan. We've had strong growth in Singapore. So it's been pretty pervasive that we've had very good adoption of our technology in the Asia-Pacific market, both in the Media customer base and in the Web customer base. So, we're quite pleased with the execution in the Asia-Pacific market. I mean, I think the other markets are doing well. I think the – EMEA is also a market that's done pretty well. I think we called out Asia-Pacific because notably their growth rate is a little bit more. But we actually had a very good year in 2017 in our European markets as well.
James Benson: I mean, I can start and maybe Tom can offer any other color. As Tom commented on his prepared remarks that we had very strong growth in OTT with roughly 50% traffic growth with our video delivery customers, and so that's by far the fastest growing traffic area for our Media business. And we expect to continue to grow at a strong clip. We don't comment specifically on customers, AT&T or DIRECTV NOW, other than to say that, obviously, they are customers and we have a good business relationship with them. But we really can't comment on specifically anything more noteworthy and relative to the broader trends. I think as Tom talked about that – we think OTT will continue to have continued, steady strong traffic growth rates in the near term. I think we believe as a company that longer term, there's a huge amount of traffic that's poised to move online. I don't think that's going to be the case in the 2018 fiscal year. I think you'll see steady growth in OTT, but it's a very large, long-term growth opportunity.
James Benson: Yeah, I mean, it – literally, Brad, it's handfuls of millions of dollars that one of the reasons we have not provided what I wanted to be able to provide to you guys is an ability to give you a historical restatement of 2017, we have to get our auditors through that before we publish that. But it's very immaterial, Brad. It's – call it, it's less than 0.5% of revenue for the company. And it doesn't always go in one direction or the other. And so it's handfuls of millions of dollars in the first quarter and not really a notable impact, which is – I wanted to bring it up because I wanted you guys to know that it's coming. I also wanted to make sure you realize that it's not a material impact from the company's revenue or P&L results for either the quarter or the year.
James Benson: No, we do. But again, it's not material. Because all that – not all of our commission spend is subject to the amortization. It's only the portion of our commission spend that is related to bookings. So our sales teams have revenue plans and they have bookings plans. And a heavy weighting of their commission plans is on revenue and sales reps that are on a revenue plan. The ASC 606 does not affect revenue plan. It only affects bookings-oriented plans. So it's a smaller percentage of our commission spend that's impacted by it.
Frank Thomson Leighton: No, that's right. And as Jim noted, I think going forward, you'll see in our Media Division a really intense focus on quality, scale, and the cost of video. We had a lot of projects ongoing in Media, and we've scaled several of those back so that we can focus on what we think is really important for the future of the Media business. Also in the Enterprise area, as you know, there were several projects there. Going forward, the Enterprise Division or team will be focused on Enterprise Security, capabilities like Enterprise Application Access, Enterprise Threat Protector, enabling enterprises to survive in a world of zero trust. There's other actions that we've taken. For example, we're closing some of our very small offices around the world, and we've got several efficiency-related projects underway.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. So the Security products are great for our existing customers. A lot of them have upgraded by adding Bot Manager, for example. They're also good for attracting new customers, particularly in the financial vertical, where I would say that the strong new customer adoption there is driven by Security. And then as we look to the future with the Enterprise Security products, that opens up whole new verticals for us. So I will be selling those products in the existing base, but I think that gives us a really good chance to increase our customer base. And of course, one of the areas that we talked about we're investing this year is with new customer generation, the go-to-market efforts there.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes. I mentioned Bot Manager Premier, which features the machine learning technology that we've got in part from Cyberfend, that is really doing very well. That is, right now, the one way to distinguish between humans and bots logging in to an account. And of course, the bots are being used to see if a stolen password and login is valid across thousands of websites. And a lot of folks use the same login credentials across multiple sites. In fact, most logins today for a lot of our customers are done by bots trying to crack into accounts. And the Bot Manager Premier catches that and stops it. So that's been a very exciting new product for us with a lot of runway for future growth. Also, our Enterprise products, as I mentioned, are focused around Enterprise Security. And it's very early days for those products, but there is a rich road map to further improve them. And we're excited about combining, for example, Enterprise Application Access with Kona Site Defender to protect internal enterprise applications. Kona Site Defender, of course, is the industry-leading product for application layer and DDoS defenses for our consumer applications. But you need the same capabilities now inside the firewall, and that is possible by combining EAA with Kona Site Defender. Also, we're investing in the go-to-market side, so that we'll be in a better position to sell these products, not only internally to the existing customer base, but to generate a much larger customer base. Today, our traditional products really are focused on about a third of the verticals out there in the Fortune 1000. But with the Enterprise Security product line, that – we can increase that substantially.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, as a matter of policy, we don't comment on discussions with specific shareholders. That said, we welcome the views of all our shareholders in how we can better create value for the shareholder base as a whole. And we've got an active dialogue with many of our shareholders to make sure that their perspectives are heard in the Board room.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, I would say most of the dollars today is upsell into the existing customer base, but we are also attracting new customers, and I mentioned, especially in the financial vertical, where the first product they buy will be Security. Today, you take the typical Web-wrap (00:59:59) out there selling, and most of the new deals are led by Security. So it's really good as an upsell when we have these new products and really good to attract new customers, and especially, as we start getting traction with our Enterprise Security products, because those appeal to every enterprise, where our traditional product lines, as I mentioned, were more combined to about a third of the verticals in the Fortune 1000.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, I think only in the low end. As Jim mentioned, where it's just basic delivery, you can see some there. But for a commerce company or a bank or anything like that, it doesn't technically make really sense to do multi-sourcing. If you're just sending out DOM objects, you could do multi-sourcing there. But when you're protecting or accelerating an app or a whole site, you don't tend to see that.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes, so of course, we don't comment on rumors. And so I'm not going to say anything there. Of course, our board always operates in the best interest of shareholders. We have a very professional and experienced board. In terms of your second question, yeah, as I talked about, we are investing in growing our go-to-market efforts, particularly around new customers and especially for the new Security products that we've talked about. So there is increased investment there. With M&A, I don't see that there's a fundamental change in our strategy in terms of the companies that we might buy going forward.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Okay. So the published estimates of traffic growth on the Internet are around the mid-20s overall and they get into the 30s for video. So we compare quite favorably to that. In terms of the go-to-market, we do operate a overlay specialist team for the new Enterprise products. And that's an area that we'll be growing and looking at carefully as we head further into 2018.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, we have lots of competitors, including the major cloud service providers. So there's just a ton of competition out there. And we distinguish ourselves with the – our performance, our scale, our reliability, and our security. But there's – I think we track about 90 competitors across our various product lines.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, sure. Enterprise Security is going to have a lot of players. You have all the existing companies that sell data center-based security devices that'll be looking to move into the cloud. You have some of the CDNs with some capabilities that are trying to, I would say, try to have some offers there. I think Akamai is really unique. And you look at our capabilities with Kona Site Defender, the massive scale we offer, the massive amount of data we have to be able to understand what's an attack, what's a human, what's a bot, what are the bad entities, we see a large fraction of all the transactions on the Internet. So we have a very good view as to which devices and which entities are doing bad things and which are normal users. And that's stuff that – capabilities that Akamai uniquely has, because other companies don't have access to that traffic. So we're in a very good position to know what's good and what's not. And with Enterprise Application Access, the ability to marry that with Kona Site Defender gives incredible security for internal applications, does it very efficiently, at scale, very reliably, and doesn't impact your performance. So I think it's a very compelling and unique offer in the marketplace. Now that said, it's a huge market, and there'll be a lot of players out there trying to grab a share of it.
