James Benson: So I can cover the first part of it. So what we disclosed at our Investor Summit in March was that we're going to provide a breakout of all of the solutions within our performance in security portfolio annually. It doesn't really make sense every quarter because there's not a huge movement every quarter on some of the solution categories. I will tell you, though, that security solution is our fastest-growing solution in the web performance -- in the performance and security category and continues to be. So we continue to get good take rates there, but we only provide it annually. And I think what we shared at the Investor Summit was that the business was on a clip to be roughly at a run rate of roughly high 20s annualized run rate for revenue in 2013. So that's where we ended 2012, and we continue to have good progress in that business.
James Benson: To the security question, there's no doubt that a customer under attack is our most motivated prospect. And we do sign up a lot of customers in that environment, and they become very happy and a long-term Akamai customer as a result. The recent headlines with banks coming under attack, both in North America and now in Europe, helps to increase awareness that cybersecurity is really an important matter. And that does help businesses as well. So I think over time, you'll see our customer base, even if they're not yet under attack, realize this is something they need to have. And we've invested substantially in terms of our field force, and we've talked about that, to get the message out with security, professionals that help speak the right language to our customers and to educate them that Akamai has a fantastic solution here, really does things that only Akamai can do with our distributed Edge platform. And we're making, I think, very good progress there. We're still small in the Security business but growing rapidly.
James Benson: Yes, I mean, I think, in general, that -- I think as we told you in the past, just to kind of step back, we certainly have been making investments in the sales force that we began last year. And we're increasing the rate and pace of that hiring this year. I think what we said is that it's going to take 4 to 5 quarters to get those sales reps ramped and productive. And so you shouldn't read into the improvement that we saw in Q2 to be a reflection of the improved productivity of that sales force even though we're on track with the hiring that we had expected and, actually, the productivity of those reps relative to being early in their tenure as we expected. It was more driven by just continued penetration in our installed base set of customers. And with that solution, in particular, we happen to make some traction with some large accounts, and that was really the driver of it. But we also had good performance, in general, across the performance in security categories. So we notably talked about that area, but we made pretty good traction across the category in total. We mentioned security had another good quarter as well. And so I think what I've said to folks in the past is that you should expect that we're going to operate that business probably in the high teens for the remainder of the year.
James Benson: Yes, and let me just add to that in terms of the innovation question. The innovation and engine at Akamai is really cranking, and we've had some very exciting innovations here over the past couple of years. And I expect that to continue and even accelerate. But that doesn't mean we're not looking outside for great ideas that are outside of Akamai. As we demonstrated last year with several acquisitions, really to gain technology that we could bring to bear for the benefit of our customers. So we're working hard at innovation inside with great success. But also, we've got our eyes open. And if we can find something good outside that will help our customers, we'll go and do that, if we can.
James Benson: Sure. So I think, certainly, what we've talked about is there's really kind of 4 factors that influence traffic: you got social media, you got gaming, you have video delivery and you have software downloads. And what we talked about in Q1 was we actually had a 4-for-4. All of them did particularly well and had very, very strong traffic growth. This quarter, we had strong traffic growth in video delivery. We had strong traffic growth in social media. We had strong traffic growth in gaming. Software downloads were a little bit down, but that happens from quarter-to-quarter because software downloads and software releases tend to be much more variable. So I think, in general, the trend we're seeing on traffic kind of going into the summer months, going into the summer months traffic does go down. And it goes down just because people are more active and outside and not consuming as much content on the Internet. So we do expect that. That doesn't mean it's not growing year-over-year. It just means that sequentially, you tend to see a downtick in traffic. Relative to CapEx, one of the things that we had talked about in Q2 was we had guided to $75 million to $80 million, and we came in at kind of $72 million. And that CapEx is related to network CapEx and facility CapEx. And I think I've been telling you guys that this year is a big year as far as doing significant facility build-out, given the headcount growth in the company. And relative to the network CapEx, some of the network CapEx moved from Q2 to Q3. But again, if you kind of take the 3 quarters combined, you look at it on a percent of revenue, what I said is I think we'll probably be at the higher end of our guidance range or our long-term model for the year. And if you kind of do the math on that, that kind of suggests that's where we're at. Now what you'll see in that, though, is that we're actually doing very well on network CapEx as a percent of revenue. Where you're seeing us maybe be a little bit above the model is on facility-related CapEx. So that is an area of CapEx that we don't expect to continue at that rate and pace kind of every year. You're going to have bumps on that when you have headcount growth and you need to accommodate that.
F. Thomson Leighton: And the recent acquisition by Cisco in that space really has no impact on our view of the marketplace. Our approach to web security is really quite unique, and we have tremendous advantages with the Akamai distributor platform in terms of a massive scale. And our approach is to intercept the attacking traffic really close to the source in the last mile long before it gets to the data center. And so we can withstand very large scale attacks that you just can't begin to defend against with devices in your data center or with traditional solutions. We also have very advanced application layer filtering capabilities that actually interact with the origin data center to see what impact a particular request is having on the origin. And we have the ability to filter out traffic based on rate controls of certain behaviors. We can actually deploy software on to the client device to check is it really a human or is it a bot. Lots of things you just can't do with the traditional approach to web defense.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, we had a very strong quarter there, as you know, making a lot of investments there, both in terms of our -- the capabilities of the solutions, making the acceleration solutions, as I talked about, be faster, to really provide performance improvement in mobile environments as more and more critical transactions moved to mobile. Over the longer term, you'll see us move from web applications to general IP-based applications, and that's actually where we saw a little bit more business than we expected in the quarter that produced the upside in our performance with our IP accelerator solution. And that is used to find better routes in the Internet, better communication protocols to accelerate non-web applications. So nothing to do with caching, things like movies, phone calls, video, one-to-one kind of capabilities that are different than our traditional business. And so you'll see us move more into that area with all of our solutions, security and as we work on hybrid cloud optimization, to move beyond just web to do all IP acceleration and performance.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, we ended Q2 with about 650 customers using our security solutions, and ARPU continues to improve in security because we have more and more customers that are leveraging our flagship Kona Site Defender offering, which is -- has a much higher ARPU than some of the other security offerings. So good progress in both increasing ARPU and good progress on getting better customer penetration.
F. Thomson Leighton: So on the public sector piece, you are right that we tend to have -- I think we've even used the phrase before, lumpy. We had a good quarter in the public sector business, but I'd say there's nothing kind of noteworthy other than there are times where project's complete within the quarter, and we happen to have that in Q2. And so we had a very solid public sector quarter but I would say nothing kind of noteworthy to call out.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, I think, in general, we've continued -- I think the cost of bandwidth continues to come down. And I'd say the rate and pace has been pretty consistent. We continue to see reductions in the pricing of bandwidth. I'd say the story on co-lo is it's really less a story of the cost of co-lo going down and just us being a much more efficient user of co-location, given that we're just doing a lot of work on our network to get more software efficiencies and throughput out of the existing servers that we have and, therefore, you're effectively being able to leverage your co-lo costs more effectively. And we continue to do that in Q2. We've done that -- literally, we've done that for many, many years. But literally over the last 18 months, we've made great progress. So we've made good progress both on co-lo, we've made good progress -- continued on the bandwidth. And that's what allowed us to stabilize margins as we had expected.
F. Thomson Leighton: Sure. So on the service and support question, just to make sure we clarify that, that really was not even kind of a solution category for the company, 4 or 5 years ago. We've made grade early traction in attaching our service and support solutions to our media customers, our performance customers, our security customers. And what you're seeing is just a continuation in that. I think what we said is that long term, once you get broader penetration, that the growth rates that we're seeing now will slow over time. But that's not going to happen in the near term. I think we expect that we're going to have very healthy growth rates for that business in the near term. As you get more penetrated around customers that actually have service and support solutions, you'll start to see it slow, and it will probably grow long term slower than the overall company. But that's more long term. I think in the near term, you can expect to see strong growth in that category. Relative to M&A, yes, last year was actually 4 acquisitions, not 3 acquisitions. And there were years before that we haven't had any acquisitions. So you shouldn't read into that because we haven't done something necessarily in the first 6 months of the year, that we're not continuing to look at opportunities across the portfolio because we are. We are looking at opportunities to accelerate the rate and pace of our R&D either in direct adjacencies or related adjacencies in all of our categories, and we continue to look at those opportunities. And I'm not signaling that we're going to do something in the second half, but I'm telling you that we're optimistically always -- we are very active shoppers but disciplined buyers. And we want to make sure that we're putting the cash that we have to use opportunistically because we want to make sure we have that leverage if the opportunity arises, that we can move on it. So don't read into it necessarily that we're just going to do it more for internal R&D even though we are quite happy with the internal R&D progress that we've made.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, sure. Mobile has taken over the Internet. 14% of our traffic is now on mobile devices. That's up dramatically from a couple of years ago. It's estimated that in North America, 1/4 of online transactions are mobile. That's up from a couple percent a couple of years ago. And it's expected that within a couple of years, that a majority of the online transactions in North America will be mobile. And large parts of Asia are already there. So I think if you measure by transactions, mobile is going to become the majority. If you look at bps, probably not going to become the majority for awhile because a lot of the bps come through software downloads that go to a lot of devices that aren't mobile and also video. And generally, mobile video has a little bit less in terms of the traffic share than video into your living room. But mobile is vital, and we have a lot of our R&D centered around products and services to make the mobile experience be really great for our customers.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, I mean, I think I commented on that a little bit. I mean, part of it is that within our performance and security suite of solutions, we tend to bundle mobile optimization as part of our broader packages because you have customers that buy our offerings, whether they're using it on a landline, whether they're using it on a WiFi, whether they're using it through a mobile network. And so it tends to be embedded and bundled into our broader set of solutions, and so customers get that. Because obviously, we're trying to solve the performance problem across all of those networks. And so actually, internally, we don't really look at it, to be honest with you, narrowly between kind of just what mobile acceleration is versus something else. We actually look at it as part of -- we can increase the overall ARPU for a customer by selling them some of our broader solutions that happen to have mobile bundled into it.
F. Thomson Leighton: Sure. So the media pricing environment is pretty consistent. It's a very aggressive pricing environment, and we expect it to be that way. I think what you see quarterly is that it's -- what happens as far as traffic volumes, it depends upon the price point that different customers have. So there are some quarters where you're going to have customers that have higher price points and push more traffic than other quarters. But in general, the pricing environment has been pretty consistent, which is aggressive. And what was the other question? Major contracts for Q3? There's nothing notable. We have contracts that renew every quarter, and so there's -- you're going to see some contracts are renewed in Q3, but there's nothing kind of noteworthy other than historically what we've seen.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, we have a lot of competitors. And as you know, the media products for us have a large number of competitors. It's been around for a long time. Very aggressive pricing, as Jim talked about, and we expect that to continue going forward. Limelight is one of our major competitors there. Amazon Web services, not as much, not so much there. In terms of our acceleration products, it's a different environment there. We're pretty unique in what we do and the acceleration capabilities that we can provide. Most of the CDNs out there have some sort of offering around acceleration. None of them has a particularly strong force in terms of being a competitor for those products. In security, of course, there's lots of incumbent players in security that we're competing with to try to grab market share as we grow that business.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, the carrier relationships are going very well. This last quarter, we announced Korea Telecom. I talked a little bit about that earlier. And as you know, the AT&T relationship is an important one for us, and that is going very well. They've signed up several customers on the platform, even just in our security solutions alone. So I would say that relationship is proceeding very well. We are hard at work with other major carriers. And I hope through the rest of this year, you'll see other announcements.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, absolutely. And that's one of the key drivers for why we're so interested in partnering with the major carriers. It also helps with our economics. The deeper we can go and the better the relationship we have, the better the economics work out, I think, for both parties. It helps in terms of the channel model. When we can have those kinds of relationships, we can now leverage the tremendous power and scale of the sales forces of these major carriers. So it's really across the board. And the revenue we actually generate from any particular deal is small in comparison to the overall benefit, economic benefit to Akamai and also performance benefit. Because as our servers and our software go deeper into these carriers, the performance for all of our customers and now their customers get better.
F. Thomson Leighton: Well, we actually see it across our customer base. Now obviously, the banks that are being attacked are a good target customer there. In fact, we signed 3 of the top 5 Dutch banks just in the last quarter, and that's probably related to the attacks that have begun there in the last quarter. But media companies buy the security solution. People try to get their message on a media company site to try to deface it to get some fame or to cause harm. Commerce companies, obvious targets for cyber extortion and attack. It really goes across the board, public sector, government websites get attacked by enemies of the country or people trying to make a statement. So cybersecurity is important pretty much across our base and in every vertical, and there's a lot of greenfield for us to go after there.
F. Thomson Leighton: So it's not just DDoS, it's also WAF or web app firewall capabilities, that are attacks designed to corrupt and to take over the site, to steal personal information, which is a little bit different than the DDoS, which is a volume attack meant to bring it down. Often, you'll see them both in conjunction. You'll have the DDoS attack. And while the website's responding to all the alarms going off, you sneak in the attack to infect it or steal something or corrupt the site. But it goes across all of our customer base. And when you look in the long range, I think our Security business could be just as large as our Performance business is today. The target customers are similar. The early ARPUs look comparable. And the needs -- the level of need is different but comparable. So I think it's a large potential business for us going forward, which is why we're really investing there.
F. Thomson Leighton: Sure. So just to make sure I clarify on the hiring front. So I made a comment when I talked about OpEx being a little bit lighter in the quarter. It was due to some hiring that shifted into Q3. That was actually not on the sales force side. Actually, what we had talked about in Q1 was we were a little bit behind from Q1. We actually caught up for the most part on our sales hiring through the first half of the year, so very good traction on sales and go-to-market hiring. We're a little bit behind in kind of some other areas of hiring, and that's really what's driving kind of the delta. So I want to make sure we're clear that sales force hiring is kind of on pace and some other areas of the business shifted from Q2 to Q3. And also beyond that, some hiring actually happened later in the quarter, and so we didn't see the expense impact as we had expected for Q2. Relative to the software release in our guidance for Q3, as you know, that when you have large software releases in there, we actually talk about there is a planned software release late in the quarter. And you never know whether that release moves a week or not, and you don't what the traffic volumes are going to be. What we have assumed in the guidance is we have assumed in the guidance that, that traffic, that software release does happen. And so that's embedded in our guidance, that kind of if you'd go to the midpoint of our range, that's in our guidance range. And if it's a little bit stronger, maybe it will be a little better than that. If it slips, maybe it will be a little bit lower than that. I mean, that's one variable though. There are many other variables. We just happen to call that one out because it happens to be a noteworthy one for Q3.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, I'm not going to comment on exactly what the software release is, but there is a large release planned for late in the quarter.
F. Thomson Leighton: No, not at all. Everyone wants the Internet to be faster, and that was a dispute between major carriers as to who pays who how much for taking each other's traffic. And that's really tangential to our business. Our relationship with the carriers is to provide better service for everyone at a lower cost, and I think everyone thinks that's a good idea.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, so I'll take that. So our international growth in Asia Pacific, in particular, was we were in the 30s in Q1, and we were in the 30s in Q2. Now it isn't every single market in the Asia Pacific geography. There are some markets that, as you mentioned, are not doing as well. But in general, we've seen very strong performance. And you've got to remember that, that's a fairly greenfield opportunity for Akamai. And so admittedly, we're growing off a smaller base. We've made some investments in the sales force there over the last year plus. The weighting of our investments, even this year, is going to be targeted. We're going to still have sales force investments in the U.S., but you're also going to see them in the international markets. And we're not going to give you a specific percentage around what is going to be in APJ versus EMEA versus the U.S. But you can expect that we think there's significant opportunity in international markets, significant opportunity in APJ, in particular, or Asia Pacific and Japan. And we're very pleased with our performance there.
F. Thomson Leighton: Well, yes, I mean, I'd prefer not to talk about kind of our cloud versus content delivery because we're actually talking about the business in a media performance and security and service and support. That information is on the Investor Relations section of our website. I think it was 59% in the old definition. But I think the way you should look at the business is the way we're looking at the business internally, which is the 3 categories that I mentioned. And what was the second question? E-commerce growth? So e-commerce growth was actually strong. When you look at the industry vertical cut, it actually doesn't look strong. It looks like it's, I think, 9% growth year-on-year. But you've got to remember, our ADS business was in the commerce vertical. And if you pull the ADS business out of the commerce vertical, we actually had mid-20s growth rates in the commerce vertical. So we're very pleased with that growth rate in commerce.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, I mean, if volume you're referring to traffic and how -- I think traffic volumes have been strong. As I mentioned, they were strong in social media. They were strong in gaming. They were strong in video delivery. They were not quite as strong in the software download space. So relative to whether it's -- what's committed versus kind of bursting, we tend to have -- most of our customers are on committed contracts, and the rate and pace of bursting really hasn't changed much from what it's been historically.
