Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. I'll take the first one, Tom, and maybe you take the second one. So, the strength in media really came, like I mentioned in the earlier remarks, we really saw strength across several different sub verticals in media, probably the largest would be in OTT video. It also was a very, very strong gaming quarter, especially in March. And really, we saw a significant uptake in traffic over the last couple of weeks of March. And as the shelter-in-place orders came around the world as we got to places like Europe, India, and the U.S., we really saw a dramatic increase. So, there's pretty much strength across the board and really across the globe as well.
Ed McGowan: Sure. Hey, Keith. It’s Ed. So, let’s start with the Web division. Obviously, what I tried to do was call on a couple of verticals that our customers are experiencing some significant challenges. So, we're dealing with those on a case by case basis. And in the prepared remarks, I talked a little bit about how we expect to see a slight -- sequential decline in the web business. And really what that's all about is a couple of things that we have to take into consideration. In some cases, the customers will come direct to us and ask us if there's anything we can do to help them during this period of time where there's a lot of uncertainty. In some cases, we'll amend contracts and we'll get something in exchange for that. In other cases, we have to assess the ability of the customer to pay us. And so, there's some customers in particular in certain geographic areas of the country that we're more concerned about. And if you don't have -- if you have any concern about the customers’ ability to pay, you have to reserve that revenue. So, the combination of that is going on. I am encouraged to see that the capital markets have been open. And we've seen a number of customers that have been able to secure funding. There's obviously availability with certain government bailout programs and things like that. But, it is an area that we're keeping a close eye on. And then, obviously, bankruptcies are another possibility. So, what we did is, we did -- ran a number of different scenarios. And we assumed that we would continue to see additional pressure in the web business and we would see a slight decline. Obviously, this is out of control -- out of our control, in terms of what's going to happen with this pandemic and also out of the control of our customers in many ways. So, then, on the media side, we assume that this continued strong traffic growth that we saw in March to continue throughout most of the quarter. We made an assumption that in June that we may see a slight decline in the traffic as things hopefully start to get back to normal and the warmer months start to hit. We've seen a pretty strong traffic growth here in April.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. I mean, you take it case by case, we always take the long term view a lot of these customers have been with us for 15 or 20 years. And they certainly take the travel and hospitality vertical. That was a vertical that I never worried about. It's a -- made up of fantastic, amazing companies. They have been always pay on time. They're usually folks that are early adopters of our new solutions, et cetera. But obviously, they just saw demand evaporate here in the second quarter -- excuse me, in the first quarter. So, we work with them. Sometimes it could be you enter into a zero overage contract. A lot of customers are asking for extended terms and payments. So, we have to take that into consideration. Sometimes it's some credit relief, but we do it case-by-case. So, far the customers have been pretty reasonable in terms of their RASK. There haven't been things that have been completely outrageous so far.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So, that's a great question. We did -- one of the things that has been a bit of a challenge in the industry is that there's been a surge of demand, so capacity becomes a bigger component of the equation. And along with that comes performance. So, in some cases, we've seen pretty nice share gains across the board. So, we've been very happy with that in Q1.
Ed McGowan: So, I'll get into a little bit of detail on this one, just to try to help you guys out. So, we did talk about there's no individual events is material. Take the Olympics for example. When you think about the Olympics, there's obviously the direct right holders, there's the web traffic that can sometimes go along with an event of that size, the travel and news, and things like that. And then there's also live television. We've got several folks that show live television. And then obviously, the duration of the streaming is what really matters. We do web delivery, we do services, we do security, et cetera. But it's really the length of the streaming. An event like that could be, let’s call it, the $3 million to $5 million range, maybe a few million on a really good year. If I think about live sports in general, it’s probably a little over 1% of our total revenue throughout the year. So, right now, you see in Q1, we certainly more than offset the lack of live sports, and we expect that to happen in Q2. So, in terms of what we've built into our guides, we're assuming that live sports is not fully back up and running and that what we're seeing from the OTT and other gaming and other sub verticals will more than offset that in Q2.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. Good question, Sterling. So, first of all, I'll take it from a couple of lenses. I'll start off with the product side. So, we saw great strength with strength with Bot Man, KSD services, and EAA and ETP, albeit a bit smaller, good uptake of multiple solutions. And I've provided this metric before in terms of the number of customers that have purchased a security product for up to 57% now, up from 55% last quarter. So, we're seeing good uptake in the installed base and growing there. And also, customers taking on more than one product, customer buying two or more, up to about 29%, that's up 1 point from last quarter as well. So, doing well with the installed base. In terms of bookings, we're seeing new customer bookings, again being led by security. And, again, so you see this stuff in your installed base. And we're also very excited about page integrity. We came up with our limited availability page integrity. We signed a number of customers this quarter and expect to continue to do that throughout the year. Tom mentioned secure web gateway, which is up in beta now and then obviously enterprise has got a long way to go there.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Good question. And this is one that I challenged my team to come up with a number. And it's a little difficult. Times like this tend to self-accelerate trends you see in the market and OTT growth being one and obviously cord-cutting being another. And in March is when we really saw a big uptick in traffic. So, there's no doubt that the shelter-in-place really drove a lot of traffic. But we also had a major customer launch a new service over in EMEA. And we had our own models about what we expected. And I would say, we did a little bit better, could be because of the shelter-in-place. But, I’d say, it’s kind of a combination of both the shelter-in-place, but also, we had -- we took some share in some places as well, like I talked about earlier, we have capacity in a lot of places where it really matters, we’re able to outperform some of our competitors in certain areas. So, it's sort of a combination of everything, but I would say that, shelter-in-place certainly did help accelerate the trend that we're seeing in the market.
Ed McGowan: Yes. I mean, obviously, we hated to do that, as we ran our scenarios, there is so much that's out of our control and really impacts our customers. For example, if you run into a second flare-up against in the fall and get into another round of shelter-in-place, how does that impact our customers business, especially in the Web division? Obviously we would be bullish for the media division because we’d see those elevated traffic levels. But on the website, it could be considerable. And what's the consumer going to do, how is the consumer going to behave? And with Q4 being a very strong seasonal quarter for us, you can imagine, as you run through a number of scenarios, your range just gets really wide. And we just didn't think it would be helpful. And that's why we provided some additional color, so, you guys can run your models by giving you some size, relative size and number of customers, et cetera. That's really what's driving, Michael, is just the uncertainty around those Web division customers and more, in particular to what's happening with the virus. There's just so much that's out of all of our controls, and including capital markets. Who knows in the second round right now, it's good to see some of our customers getting funding, but that may close down at the second round happens, and elevated bankruptcies, consumers may not be spending, may not be travelling. So, it's not something that we're experts in and we wanted to give it more time to get some more color rather than providing something we thought was unhelpful.
Ed McGowan: So, in Q2, yes, I would say right now there's a good chance that we could see the strength medium, no more than offset live sports and potentially the impact on Web. Right now, we have 60 days to go. And you never know what's going to happen here in the last 60 days, whether it gives you a larger than normal range, but it is possible and I wouldn't be surprised if we saw CDN growth here in Q2.
Ed McGowan: Sure. I'll take those. Bad debt was up a couple of million this quarter. There's a new accounting standard that we adopted at the beginning of January ASC 326, which basically in the past used to look at -- sorry to get wonky here, but in fact, you had to look at the historic and anything that happens within a quarter. Now you have to look at potential future credit losses. So, think of it almost like you're a bank where you're evaluating your trade receivables and having to put up a reserve for potential future credit losses. And I mentioned earlier, we'll be extending out, in some cases, some payment terms to folks. In some cases, as they are just asking for some time. In other cases, like in places like India, they physically can't get into the office and are not set up to do electronic payments. So, we'll be evaluating that as every company that adopts this standard will be doing the same. So, I do expect that debt expenses will go higher, and we did plan for that in our guidance. So, you’ll see in G&A line that that will start to tick up a bit. On the pricing side, pricing in the CDN market, I didn't see anything this quarter that was out of the ordinary. I will say, though, that we are seeing, as I talked about capacity, the push for capacity reservation fees, which essentially is just getting a little on top of what you'd normally get for the cost of this delivery. Capacity is at a premium at this point. So, we are seeing a little bit of a benefit there. But, in terms of the normal pricing environment, it's still volume-based and I don't see a lot of difference in the market at this point.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So, in the guide, we did expect that we see additional pressure in those verticals and in my prepared remarks I talked about how we expected the Web division to decline slightly. It’s not usually a division that grows very steadily obviously with the exception of a seasonally strong Q4 going to Q1. So, we are anticipating that. So, I did bake in some of that and then included in the range as a various set of scenarios in terms of good, better, best in terms of how we will land. So far in the first 30 days -- or the 28 days of the quarter, I would say, we're trending about what I would have expected, but see how things go here in the next 60 days as we finish up the quarter. Hopefully as some of these countries and states start to come back out of shelter-in-place, we don't see a panic back to things getting worse. And there's more consumer confidence, we don't see as much pressure. But that's how we thought about it.
Ed McGowan: All right. So, I’ll start with the second one. So, in terms of deferring minimum traffic commitments, we haven't got into that. As a matter of fact, traffic is up significantly. So, it hasn't been an issue for us. There are some customers in the Web division that have opted for the zero overage, but that's been a normal sales motion. So, I wouldn't say -- I wouldn't really call of anything there. On your question about retail and what we’re worried about there. You're correct. There's winners and losers. Some folks have done very well and we’ve seen traffic go higher, and their underlying businesses are doing well. But there's an awful lot of them that are stressed. And I talked about the size of the vertical, 16% of revenue over 900 customers. That's global. So, the really the big thing that we're concerned with and I think you hit it on the head with this, the depth of this reception and how do consumers behave, are they going to go out and spend, are they going to go back into stores, what's the ability of our customers to be able to raise enough capital to get through this issue. In some cases, we're going to see unfortunately some customers go bankrupt. I hate to see it, it does happen. Some liquidate, some come out on the other side. But whenever that happens, it's a disruption for us. We have to stop taking revenue, write-off revenue in the quarter, take a bad debt hit for some of the older receivables. So, it just becomes very disruptive. And it's hard for us to really call out what's going to happen, because I think what's going to drive the depth of this reception is going to be what happens with the virus and do people feel comfortable coming out, as we've never dealt with this before. So, it's really hard for us to make the call. And, just given the size of that vertical, it can swing around quite a bit. So, that's what our -- that's why we decided to withdraw our guidance.
Ed McGowan: Sure. So, I'll start with the security question. Obviously, we’re off to a great start here. 28%, constant currency growth. Feeling pretty good about Q2. Obviously, Q1’s bookings were strong. We signed one of our largest security deals in our in our history with one of our large media companies. So, good to see that and we see the benefit of that in Q2. So, I think Q2, we’ll see really strong growth. And we did call out 20%. It's possible we could do better than that. Obviously, the verticals we call out that are challenged, do have big security customers. So, to the extent that there's bankruptcies and things like that can bump you around a little bit. But, feeling pretty good here in the first half., certainly that will be growing greater than 20%. And it's possible for the year, really just depends on how things go, some of the comments I made earlier. And your second question on international in terms of the strength, I’d say, there it’s similar to what we see in the U.S. probably a bit more security adoption, quite more greenfield internationally, especially in places like Latin America, pretty low penetration there, which is good. That’s part of the reason we did the exceeded transaction that gives us a good basis to grow the security business there. We are seeing similar trends that we saw in the U.S. there where you see security and verticals like financial services and commerce and travel first and then you’re seeing media start to catch up. We've done some pretty good deals on the media side as well. So, I'd say there's probably more greenfield in outside the U.S., but we are seeing very similar trends.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So, obviously, customers know one size fits all for customer pricing. But, what I would say is that typically we do have tiered pricing in most of our contracts, especially the ones with very large volume, so that as you do clip into new tiers, you do get typically a lower rate for that tier. But again, it does vary from customer-to-customer, but we do in most cases have some kind of a tiered pricing structure.
Ed McGowan: Oh, it's very small. Yes, we do very little with SMB. We have a couple of partners that work with SMB. Like, for example our carriers will sell some security offerings to small, medium business. It’s such a small part of our business. We have a few OVP partners and other partners. But, it’s not a significant part of our business at all.
Tom Leighton: Yes. And first, thanks for the concern about Akamai employees. And I'm happy to report that by and large, we're all doing well. In terms of the question on security growth, it’s looking very strong. And partly, that's because the attackers aren't held back by the pandemic or working remotely. In fact, we've seen a substantial increase in attack activity. And, perhaps -- that perhaps they're doing that because they know IT managers have a lot of other things that they got to worry about in terms of supporting their workforce remotely that increases vulnerabilities. And so, it's really a perfect storm for the attackers to run their exploits. And we have products that are really well-designed to help major enterprises deal with that, both for securing their websites and apps and also for securing access for their employees who are now remote, all of a sudden. And so, we've seen a very strong uptick in bookings for enterprise security products. And I guess, the last point there is, our customer base is the world's major enterprises. And they're going to fare better than most through the pandemic. And we have very good relationships. And so, we're in a better position to provide them with the new security capabilities or the increased capacity that they're going to need for the security products. So, on balance, I think the security business is looking very strong. And of course, we're all hoping that the global recession doesn’t really deepen or persist for a long time.
Tom Leighton: Yes. So, strong bookings there. Now, the secure web gateway is just now available in beta and as part of our Enterprise Threat Protector solution, version 3.0. And I think that really increases the strength of the offer. Where we're seeing a lot of the bookings now is an Enterprise Application Access. And you think of that as the VPN replacement, think of that as a thing that lets all your employees who used to just log in, in a physical building now have to do it from home and you need to secure them and you need to scale that overnight. And so, I think that's why we're seeing a real uptake there. And in general, I think, these are the solutions of the future for enterprise security. They enable the zero trust model, they are much more secure within the traditional solutions that enterprises have been using now for decades and can put a big dent in enterprise data breaches in the future.
Tom Leighton: Yes. The demand increased steadily through March and total traffic increasing from March to April. And you can see, as countries went into shelter-in-place, you see the traffic increased. And I think most of the world is, at least the traffic wise is still in that condition of being high. And as we look forward, we may see more normal growth from here, depending, as Ed said, on live events and OTT launches and so forth. So, APJ, I would say also very strong. And as you know, a lot of our -- got a lot of strong growth there.
Tom Leighton: Yes. We think we're past the delays. We did have about 90 days of delay on delivery of a bunch of servers, but we've had plenty of capacity. And as you can tell by hitting a peak, which is really what the CapEx governs of doubling year-over-year. And at this point, we think we're in very good shape, with the supply lines and getting the full capacity we want for the rest of the year. We have the tax in all the cities where we need to do that. We do the installation. And we have the approvals from pretty much all the major governments that our folks can move around, even where it’s a very strict lockdown, just because we're such a critical resource in countries around the world. So, we're optimistic, as Ed said, on being able to continue to deploy capacity and to stay ahead of the demand.
Tom Leighton: Yes. In terms of the secular shift, I think there's a reasonable prospect that there will be much more use of the internet coming out of this permanently than there was going in. And in many areas, you look at ecommerce and traditionally that was -- the penetration of ecommerce and commerce as a whole has grown about 2% of the year and low to mid teens and pretty much now the large majority of commerce is online. And after people get used to doing that for an extended period, a lot of that share gain may become permanent. That's really good for Akamai. If you look at media, and movie releases being done online, a lot of consumption now moving online. And that may become permanent, a lot of that as well. You look at work from home, there wasn't a lot of that before. But now there's just a ton of it. And after you've done it for a while, I think you may see a lot of that become permanent. And so, just across the board, it's not so much new users of the internet that weren't done a little bit before. But now they're being done at massive scale. And there's a prospect that the scale will be very large coming out. And so, when we look at the secular tailwinds here, obviously, we're worried about a global recession, as Ed talked about. We just have no idea how long or deep that will be. We're hoping we get out of this pandemic situation by the end of the year and things are looking better. That's beyond our control. But once we do emerge, it does seem like there's a lot of strong tailwinds for Akamai. Because the things I described are all the things that we're really good at and the market leaders at. And so, I would say long term view, very bullish about Akamai. It's not a major product shift for us. Obviously, go to market now. We're changing how we do that, because we're not traveling. So, the go-to-market motions are all virtual and digital now. And we've gotten off to a great start there and how many of you came to our virtual edge live event but tremendous attendance there and really good feedback. And so, how we approach customers, how we talk to them physically is changing. And that's fine. We're in good shape there. In terms of the security bookings, yes, for the enterprise security products, very substantial increase year-over-year in Q1.And that seems to be continuing into Q2. So, that is good news. Now, it takes a while for that to turn into revenue, of course. But, that's a very positive development. And I do think that again in the long term, with more employees working from home, and already the need to stop data breaches and protect enterprise applications and data that there is a bright future for our Zero Trust enterprise security products.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Good question. I would say, the security growth remains very strong. It's been in the high 20s for some time, and we saw that in Q1 as well, and that's going into COVID. I think, the pandemic as we talked about, the rate of attacks is increased as bad as that is, during the pandemic, as the attackers try to take advantage of it, I would say. Now ,the new services like page integrity and secure web gateway and enterprise security and the increased bookings around enterprise, security, those are things that will drive revenue in the future. So, there's some time between bookings and growth. I would say that the pandemic and the stuff that’s happening there helps Zero Trust because in our enterprise security, because there is even more need for it. And in some cases, it's an urgent need. Whereas before there was -- I think it was early days of a trend towards moving to Zero Trust. So, there's an accelerant because of the pandemic. I don't think the pandemic yet you've seen any change in revenue because of it, the same way you would for traffic. Traffic, you monetize that immediately, as soon as you're delivering more, you get the revenue for it. With security products, that more is the bookings and the recurring revenue that's generated as customers find new services or increase the services they have. And so, there -- I think there is benefit, in the future, but we haven't experienced that yet in the same way we have the traffic.
Tom Leighton: Yes. We're pretty happy with where that is now, with pretty much everything you mentioned, the people, the process, the execution. As you could imagine, this is a difficult time to go out and get bookings. You can't physically meet with your accounts, the buyers out there, the IT folks are just swamped with adjusting to the new reality. And yet, we had a great bookings quarter, better than expectation on our enterprise security products, much -- big improvement over last year, and that's -- we're starting off the second quarter very well. So, I think that's an area where we're very happy. You don't see that in generating revenue today. But that will certainly help us going forward.
