James Benson: Good question, Mark. That – actually that growth rate is consistent with the growth rates that we saw in Q4. We have kind of been in the double-digit range for a while. Sometimes it will be a little bit higher than that. As we shared in the past that sometimes growth rates in the Media business are affected by large software releases, a gaming release, or things of that nature. But I think generally speaking, we expect that we can probably operate in the low-double digits for the Media Delivery outside of those top two customers.
James Benson: Yeah, on the question on free cash flow, as you know, free cash flow really depends upon a couple things. One, we're not a inventory-centric company, so other than profitability, collections tends to be – receivable collections tends to be the kind of driver from quarter-to-quarter, if you see upticks or downticks. Also CapEx happens to have variability from quarter-to-quarter. But I would expect that – this will probably still remain our seasonally lowest quarter, but it all depends upon capital expenditures. And as I said earlier that if we see demand that we need to do more network deployment, we'll do that. So, I don't want to signal something and then later on if we may be a little bit lower than that – that it really depends upon CapEx investments. But I'd say based on our current line of sight, it probably will be the lowest seasonal quarter this year as well.
James Benson: Yeah, so on the guidance that – I'd say we're probably appropriately being cautious, to be frank that the – we have good visibilities within the quarter for these top two customers. I would say the visibility beyond the quarter is less, and so what we're trying to do is be cautious in what we're telling you that we certainly expect from Q1 to Q2, as we told you last time, that revenue volumes would decline for these top two customers. And I think what we're saying is that we're not 100% sure on the back half of the year, so we're being a little cautious in our projections that it could decline further. There are things that could stabilize it. There are things beyond that depending upon different features and capabilities for these two customers that could cause it to grow as well, but I'd say what we're trying to provide you is a level of cautiousness. And that's the way we're looking at it internally.
James Benson: No, it's not. These customers are on long-term contracts, but these contracts are structured in a way that volumes can ebb and flow from period to period. There are kind of minimums that they need to hit, but the volumes can certainly fluctuate to a point. But these customers are on long-term contracts. They are not on month-to-month contracts.
James Benson: Yeah. I think honestly it's similar to our top two customers as well. Our visibility within the quarter is certainly a lot better than our visibility for the remainder of the year. There're certainly things that we know that are going to occur. Things like the Olympics, things like presidential debates and things of that nature that will cause volumes. And there are certainly staged rollouts of software releases and things of that nature, but I'd say we have very, very good visibility within a three-month window. It just lessens in the back half and that's not just for the top two customers. In general, that's just the nature of the Media business.
James Benson: Let me start, Tom (sic) [Jonathan] (36:46) with obviously your comment on international growth. Our international growth, you're right, has been very strong. We grew 27% in constant currency in Q4. It's growing particularly well in our Asia Pacific geography. So we've seen very, very strong growth across our Asia Pacific markets. And as you know that when we began investing in incrementing the sales force, we were investing more in our sales resources outside the U.S. than actually in the U.S. And as we told you in the past that it takes time for a rep to ramp to productivity. And so I think you're starting to see the benefit of the investments that we've made. And so we're very pleased with that. From a competitor landscape perspective that there's still kind of broad global competitors, that you know who they are and then there are local competitors in different markets. But I'd say that we have fared very well and I think there's a significant opportunity to continue to grow internationally faster than actually in the U.S.
James Benson: Sure. So on CapEx, you're right that we were above our long-term model in last year, in 2015. We signaled that, that we were about 19% of revenue. It was all driven by incremental network CapEx. You certainly saw for the quarter, that I think $85 million was about 15% of revenue. So I think we're certainly going to be dialing CapEx down in alignment with what we're seeing here, but I expect we'll be back to our long-term model of 16% to 18%. Again, we signaled that if we see demand in the back half of the year that requires us to do more build-out, we'll do that but I expect we should be in the 16% to 18% range with network CapEx, which is the component that has the most variability, dialing back from roughly 10% of revenues last year to probably in the 8% range this year.
James Benson: Sure. I'll take the first one and then Tom can comment on the competitor landscape, but yeah, I think we definitely said historically that there isn't any one event that is a significant needle-mover on revenue in a quarter. We've never said that we don't garner revenues from those events. And certainly events that last over multiple days, generate more revenues than events that last for a day or a few hours. So you will definitely see revenue volumes as a result of the Olympics in our results, so you will see that. But again, it's not going to be a significant needle-mover over – I would say very, very large software updates tend to be more of a needle-mover than an event like that.
James Benson: Okay. So first let me make it clear that Bot Manager is part of our web security business. And that's in the Web Division. That product is built by the Web Division. And the customer feedback there has been outstanding. The capability to identify the bot type and then tailor the response based on the bot type is really unique out there, and of high value to our customers. We have some customers that see half of their requests are actually from bots, and there's many different types of bots. Some are friendly, some are very much not friendly, and there's those that are in between. So I would say the initial customer reaction is very strong. That is a Web Division product. Now, for our enterprise security products, we don't have any in the marketplace yet. Our first product will be based on recursive DNS. That is the capability that we do have in the market through our carrier partners for home use, and we will be bringing to market for enterprise use later this year. And that's designed to protect an enterprise from malware, from phishing attacks, and from data exfiltration attacks. Now, in terms of our strategy, I think you'll see us do a lot of development organically and you'll also see us continue to make acquisitions. And as you know, recently we made acquisitions with Xerocole and Bloxx, and they are in the enterprise security space. And also we've done organic development, taking the Xerocole capability for carriers and now in the process of bringing a product to market for enterprise security.
James Benson: Yeah. I want to recall, it's like $109 million. We shared that at our IR summit. It's actually available on the investor relations...
James Benson: No. It's embedded in our overall results, so you can generally divide it by four. That's, roughly speaking, what the quarterly average is.
James Benson: Yeah. The guidance from the top two customers really isn't related to OTT capabilities. I think, in general, there's a lot of interest in the over-the-top space. It was exciting to deliver the first major sporting event in the U.S. in 4K. And that business is growing nicely for us. I don't know of any particular fundamental change in the landscape that would cause a huge overnight increase in traffic, but I expect to have steady and substantial growth over time with over-the-top.
James Benson: Yeah. So, 6% is – we shared that in Q4 that what we had said was that these two customers combined used to be about 13% of our revenues, and they have been declining. And we said that we expected that they'd probably decline to about 6% of our revenues. Now obviously, a percentage implies that you know what your other businesses are going to do. So, to some extent, there is a little bit of variability in 6%, whether it's 6%, whether it's 5%, whether it's 7%. But we expect that the revenue volumes will decline in Q2. And based on this guidance that we provided at the midpoint, that is roughly 6% of their revenues in the quarter.
James Benson: Yeah. I mean, we continue to make the appropriate investments in the business that we think are necessary. But, Tom and I are managing the company prudently. And we think that we want to manage a company kind of in the low 40%s EBITDA range, which means that we're scaling back investments. We're not scaling back investments that would jeopardize future growth and scale for the company, but, yeah, we are scaling back the level of investments, relative to what we were doing in kind of prior years, and you can expect that we'll continue to do that. But, again, we're still making very targeted investments. We're making targeted investments in areas to help scale the network. We're making targeted investments in areas of R&D and things of that nature. So, we are still making investments in the business, but we're just making them at a slower pace.
James Benson: No, it's pretty consistent with what we've told you all along. Our visibility within the quarter was certainly much better than our visibility kind of out beyond that. As I mentioned earlier that we know of specific events, like the Olympics, like a presidential debate. And we know of scheduled activities that customers have for potential gaming releases and things of that nature. But the visibility within a three-month window is certainly much better than beyond that, but it's no different this year than it was historically.
James Benson: Yeah. I think we've shared before that when we started investing in a very, very significant way in sales a couple years ago, we were providing kind of ongoing updates around how we were doing. And then, I think what we said is that, it's kind of run rate now in the business. And that it's not noteworthy to be talking about investments of a specific amount in any particular area. You can expect that we'll continue to kind of make investments across all areas of the business, including go-to-market capability.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. To the first question, we've put a lot of effort in R&D to reduce our internal cost per bit, to deliver more bits per second per CPU, more bits per second per square foot of colo, per kilowatt of power. And then we pass on those savings to our customers. So I think as you look over time, every year we're able to offer significant cost reductions on a per bit basis to our customers. So over five years, the savings are really quite substantial. We are very competitive when it comes to pricing for large-traffic customers, and I think we are very competitive with not only the other CDNs out there, but also the do-it-yourself effort that some of our largest customers have tried to engage in. And you see this where some of our large customers have had do-it-yourself efforts in the past, and then after a few years discover that, wow, Akamai is a lot more effective at it, and charges them less than their internal efforts cost them. And so then our traffic grows again, even though they've got do-it-yourself efforts.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, I'm not sure what you mean by the law of large numbers, but the attacks are certainly growing in size and sophistication to the point now where any of the traditional defenses simply don't work. You can't defend yourself by buying boxes and putting them in your data center. You can't even defend yourself by buying a clean pipe from a carrier simply because of the scale of the attacks. And that's why Akamai has been uniquely able to defend a lot of the world's major enterprises against the largest attacks out there. In addition, we're able to defend against the attacks that try to deface or corrupt a website, change the content in a way to embarrass the website owner, and also to – we can defend against the attacks where you try to steal data from the web application, like a credit card, or information about a transaction. Going forward with our Enterprise and Carrier Division, we are developing products that will protect enterprise employees, for example, from phishing, malware kinds of attacks, or enterprise data exfiltration attacks. So it's a – I think a very exciting future potential for us in security.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes, absolutely, and in fact we have a product today through the Octoshape acquisition that supports corporate videos to off-load their private network, or their corporate network, and so it gives a very high-quality experience, very secure without flooding the branch office network.
Frank Thomson Leighton: And to the IoT question, the proliferation of devices and the Internet of Things represents really a great opportunity for Akamai. You know in particular, you mentioned connecting cars. We have great relationships with the world's major automotive companies. They are obviously very interested in having fast and reliable communication with their cars and the devices and they are very worried about security, as you can imagine. Not only denial of service, but application layer attacks where somebody might try to gain control of the car, corrupt information on the car, and that's a wonderful opportunity for our security services.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. In terms of competition, I don't see any real change in the landscape there. You're right. And you mentioned there's been chatter about Google and so forth, but that's I think what it is. The Google service is designed to provide delivery for applications that are on their compute and storage infrastructure. In that regard, they're completing with AWS and Azure, for example. And we really don't see real impact from that. As you know, we have dozens of competitors and always have. And we differentiate ourselves based on our level of performance. So if you want your applications to be faster, whether you're on Google, Azure or AWS, you would use Akamai to accelerate those applications. If you want your applications to be secure, wherever you have them hosted, you'd use Akamai Kona Site Defender and our Prolexic Routed capabilities and that will protect you from DDoS attacks and application layer attacks. And if you want your video and media delivered with very high quality, whether you're using any of those cloud services to store the content or not, again you'd use Akamai to do that delivery for you, to get the high-quality video experience. So no fundamental change in the competitive landscape at all.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. And to be clear, we are growing head count and growing the business. It's just not at the rapid pace that you saw over the last few years. So, there's still plenty of growth at Akamai, in the investments.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. Now, we are continuing to make investments. That is one area that's very important for us. And we believe there is a very large future in over-the-top video. And so it makes perfect sense to invest in those areas, and we continue to do so. For example, the BOCC is an area that we talked about. Also, obviously, investing in web security, obviously investing in enterprise and carrier products, particularly enterprise products for networking and security. And you will continue to see the investment and growth there.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Good. Let me take those two questions. The first one is, there's always improvements in video compression technology. And I think the important thing to look at is the increase in bit rate because you need a higher quality picture, combined with the decrease in bit rate because you've got better compression. And you mentioned, a 20% improvement in compression that pales in comparison to the increasing bit rates that we're seeing because people want a higher quality picture. In fact, if you take the combination of state-of-the-art quality picture combined with state-of-the-art compression, and the CAGR of that net, for years, it was growing but at a slower rate. And now we're seeing it actually accelerate on the accumulative growth rate. So, taking the state-of-the-art compression combined with typical bit rates that people are watching, actually it's growing per minute of video watched, and growing now at a faster rate than it has in the past. And on top of that, you have people watching longer, and more content moving online. And so the net effect is actually much faster growth rate in aggregate traffic being consumed for video online. You can take as an example, the Super Bowl stats that we gave. And we're seeing that kind of growth pretty much across the board in video. Now to your third question about DIY, and, well, can that go to the third and fourth largest customers. Well, in fact, our third and fourth largest customers have had DIY for over a decade. And in fact, one of them actually sells a CDN service, yet they still use us to deliver their content for their website, and they use us to deliver their videos. And they have a very large website, and a very large video business. And they use us to deliver that, despite the fact that they actually operate a CDN service in half the last decade. The other provider uses us as well, despite in-house efforts they've run over the years. And in fact, our share of their business has increased during this same period, because they see the quality difference and the cost difference. DIY can seem like a good idea at the time, maybe they can save some money bringing it in-house or they think that, but then after a few years they discover that, oh my goodness, Akamai is doing it with a lot less cost and with a lot better performance. And so, our share has actually increased in the third and fourth largest customers. And there's not too many past, the top four, that actually can even afford to think about doing their own delivery. So, yeah, we're experiencing some loss to DIY in our top two accounts now. I think the timeframe for when that happens is bounded, as Jim says, the impact it'll have on our business. And then you'll see our cumulative growth rates return to where the norm of the rest of the business is.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes. When it is actively used, it substantially decreases our cost. And we passed a lot of that savings on to our customer that's making use of it. And the usage today depends on the customer. Also, it helps us a lot with quality. In fact, we used it in the broadcast at 4K, which is very high quality levels. It really helps to have the client side software to enable that. So, it makes quality better and decreases cost. And when we use it, it's a substantial decreasing cost.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, we haven't really seen revenue from it yet, because we just launched it. But there is substantial customer interest in that capability, and I do expect it to start contributing to our revenues and revenue growth and security going forward. But the 47% year-over-year growth, that's from the products that we've have had before, and Bot Manager and the other products on the roadmap will help sustain that kind of growth rate going forward and help us grow revenues for the security products in the future.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes. On the enterprise business, I think the success metrics would be around the products that we're in the process of bringing to market. So, for enterprise security that would be our recursive DNS service, which will be designed to block malware, phishing attacks and blocking exfiltration of sensitive data from the enterprise. And we'll be launching that product later this year. And so, you would look to see and we'll be looking to see the adoption rate of that capability. We'll also be bringing to market early next year our cloud connected branch product, which is enterprise networking combined with a secure web gateway functionality. And that's designed to make the enterprise network scale in a much better performing way, and in a much more cost-effective manner. And so, we would be looking to see the adoption rates there. I think the potential in both of those areas is very large, but you're right, we're at the very early stages. And we have to see how successful we are with those products in the market next year. In terms of DIY and the top two accounts, I think you would look at things that are easier to deliver. For example, software, maybe short form VOD, videos on demand, but short form. It's not OTT. And I think as you think about OTT, I don't see that as a DIY kind of thing today. It is much harder to do, particularly in the live and linear format, particularly in the higher quality that you'll want to have when subscribers are actually paying to view the content. That's a whole different game. And there's a lot you have to do. And today Akamai is in a great position to provide that quality. Just one example being the first broadcast of 4K, but, in general, sustaining very high bit rates, very low re-buffer rates at scale. And that's what you need for OTT delivery. And that's why a lot of the companies that are doing OTT are turning to Akamai to do it.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, very strong traction. And we were very pleased to see that we now crossed the 1,000-customer threshold for our Ion product, which, of course, delivers the best possible performance across all your web access, but is really focused on mobile acceleration. So, very strong traction there. And, of course, that's not surprising because as we talked about today, a lot of our customers have over half of their transactions going to mobile devices. It is a particularly challenging area for performance, particularly when a mobile device is using a cellular network, and ironically that's where users expect to get the best performance. And so, I think, that's why so many enterprises are turning to Akamai and buying Ion for their mobile assets.
