Tom Barth: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone, and we appreciate you joining Akamai's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Speaking today will be Tom Leighton, Akamai's Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Benson, Akamai's Chief Financial Officer. But before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding revenue and earnings guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and involve a number of factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in Akamai's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements included in this call represent the company's view on October 25, 2016. Akamai disclaims any obligation to update these statements to reflect future events or circumstances. As a reminder, we will be referring to some non-GAAP financial metrics during today's call. A detailed reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found under the financial portion of the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, let me turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Barth: Operator, we have time for one more question. I know there's several probably in the queue, but we have time for one more.
Tom Barth: So, I want to thank everybody. And in closing, we will be participating at a number of investor conferences and events in both the Americas and in Europe throughout the fourth quarter. Details of these can be found on the Investor Relations section of akamai.com. And we want to all thank you for joining us and have a nice evening.
James Benson: Sure. I mean, relative to revenue, neither company really had much of a revenue stream. And so there's really going to be no impact on revenue as a result of these acquisitions. Now, both of these companies combined probably have between 40 employees and 43 employees. So you can expect that they were going to now incur the expense for these employees. So as I mentioned in the EBITDA guidance, that adding these employees will probably add, call it, $3 million to $4 million of OpEx within the quarter with no corresponding revenue. That's roughly the impact of those two acquisitions.
James Benson: And I would say from an investment perspective, I mean this business, as Tom mentioned, this is still early stage. And so, if you think back, it was not that many years ago, just three years or four years ago that our security business was kind of called single digit millions and that's roughly the size of what our enterprise business is today. And so you can expect that we're going to continue to invest organically and inorganically as you have seen with the most recent acquisition with Soha in the enterprise space. And as Tom's talked about in the past that we believe the revenue potential in the enterprise business is equivalent, if not bigger than that of our Delivery business and Media, as well as our Performance businesses. So, we are very early stage. I think it's going to be a significant driver of growth for the company. I think it's going to take a while for that business to ramp, but I think we have a proof point of what we have done in security, and this is about basically taking, again, the Akamai platform and now applying it to the enterprise use case. So I think we're quite bullish on the growth opportunities in the long-term for enterprise.
James Benson: We are not going to disclose the top two. What we've tried to do, and we did it last quarter was to ring-fence the six customers that are large Internet platform customers. Notably, I can tell you that the revenue decline that we saw in that grouping of, call it the big six, that was notably from one of those top two customers. So that will give you a little bit of color based on what we said before. But I think the better way of understanding what's going in the business is to understand what's happening with the large Internet platform customers of the grouping and not specifically nitpicking one or two customers. Because I think, in general, the dynamic that's going on there is, as Tom said, these are all customers that have DIY capability and I think it allows investors to draw their own conclusions around what they think could happen with that customer set. As he mentioned, that customer set represented about 10% of our revenues in Q3, down from 17% Q3 of last year, so you can certainly see that that's about a 40% drop in revenues year-on-year, notably being driven by the top two that we did mention, and more notably, one of those top two is the one that actually declined sequentially.
James Benson: We are quite confident that we're going to see a reacceleration of growth in 2017. We did say in the second quarter that we thought that we would see growth in Q1. I think that's certainly our expectation, that I think for sure, we're going to see growth acceleration in 2017. I think based on what we see now, we (40:06 – 40:12).
James Benson: Yeah, we are quite pleased with the performance of our international growth, that we grew 17% in the third quarter. That's a little bit less than what we grew in the first half. We had some difficult compares in our Asia Pacific region. We had a particularly strong Q3 of last year, growing very well in Asia Pac, growing well in Japan. In particular, very notably, there are markets within EMEA that we're growing well in. I think there are still certain markets in the southern economies of the southern markets of Europe that are still a little bit sluggish. But I would say in general, it's across our broad solution set, we are growing well in Media and we're growing well in Performance and Security. As we've said in the past, we have been weighting more of our sales investments over the last few years to the international markets and given the nature of our business being – especially in the Performance and Security Solutions, more of a subscription business, it takes a while for the revenue to grow and I think you are starting to see the payback from the investments that we have made over the last few years.
James Benson: Well, I mean you've seen it. It's mostly in the euro and greater British pound, obviously, fears of what's going on with Brexit have had some volatility with the foreign exchange market. So we are certainly not immune to that. That's largely where we are seeing the revenue impact from.
James Benson: Sure. So, yeah, we had very strong growth in Performance and Security of 19%. It was strong, as Tom mentioned, in both Cloud Security and in Web Performance. I'd say, we did get a bit of a benefit that we have a custom government business where we do have some special projects with the federal government, and we had a couple of large deals that closed within the quarter, call it, that probably accounted for a point of growth, but for the most part, it was across all of the product sets that did well. And I forget what your second question was.
James Benson: Right. So you're right, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, that the Media product growth rate slowed from what was, call it, the low double digits in the first half to 5% ex the Internet platform customers in the third quarter. And I mentioned a couple of drivers of it. One is it is a difficult compare in our Asia Pacific region in particular that had very robust Media growth last Q3. And what we're seeing more and more is we're seeing more of our Media customers that were buying kind of a basic Media Delivery product. They're now upgrading. They're upgrading to a higher performing Web Performance Solutions. So some of what you saw for growth deceleration in Media, you saw corresponding growth acceleration in the Web Performance business as customers kind of shifted their products from a Media product to a Web product. The only thing that's important to note is that that's going to happen. One of the reasons why we went to the divisional structure for the company, which is more of a division of customer lens is if you look at our Media Division, its growth rates were 12%. And so product migrations that go from Media to a Web product, when you're looking at it from a customer basis, that it doesn't matter. And so the growth rates in – when you look at it across the division lens that we had strong growth rates in Web customers. Web customers were 17% growth. We had strong growth rates in our Media customers at 12%. It just so happened that our Media product set that we've seen a little bit of a shift of customers as they migrate from one product to another. And actually, when they do that, they're actually a bit stickier.
James Benson: Yeah, I mean, I'll answer them separately. So certainly on the Olympics that we've said it all along that the Olympics doesn't necessarily drive huge revenue. It drives a little bit of revenue. There are more notable events for what's capable for serving kind of live content across that many people. So it's really a display of capability, more than it is a display of incremental revenue. So it's not as notable as kind of people might think. And I'm not going to provide guidance for 2017 for each one of these segments, but you're right. You may see a bit – when you look at the product segments, you may see a bit of a share shift from Media to Web. We'll have to see that it – I think what we've seen notably is some large customers that have migrated from a Media product to a Web product, I don't know how much more notable that's going to be going forward, but there's a possibility that you'll start to see a shift from Media to Web Performance products, but again, when you look at it in a division lens, which I think is a more important way to look at it, that it's strong growth across all the customer sets. And as we said to you that we tend to find that our Performance and Security Solutions are stickier. It represents 60% of our revenue. So from an investor perspective that we're actually starting to see growth acceleration come from the part of our business that is stickier with customers.
James Benson: Well, you saw that. Actually our guide shows gross margins expanding in the fourth quarter that we stabilized gross margins at 76%, gross margin guidance for Q4 is 77%, and 66% on the GAAP gross margins. So what we said to you over the last few quarters is exactly what transpired. We built out last year in anticipation of traffic for an OTT offering, didn't happen. It had an impact in the near term on margins. And we said that we would obviously dial back investment in alignment with what we saw for traffic projections. And it's just a matter of what you're starting to see is you're starting to see that play out. So you're starting to see the margins come back to the levels that they were last year.
James Benson: Yeah, I want to say it's like 80%. 80% plus of it is customers buying a Media product. Now, all those customers sit within our Media Division. So from a customer lens perspective, they're all in our Media Division, but the products that they buy are, I think, 80% plus are Media products.
James Benson: I mean there are lots of factors that are going to affect the operating margins. I think you're right at the highest level, the gross margins for those products are higher. I think as Tom mentioned, in talking about enterprise that you're going to see us make continued investments in R&D, and so what maybe, if you start to see a mix shift more to Performance and Security, it may benefit gross margins but we're going to make sure we're making the right investments in this new enterprise space. And so I I'm not going to call margin expansion on the operating margin perspective in 2017. In fact, what I said in the prepared remarks is I actually thought that kind of operating margins going into 2017 would likely be pressured because I think what we're going to do is some of the areas that we plan to grow in, in the enterprise space are going to require investment. And we believe that there are huge, huge growth opportunities for the company for the long term. And we're going to make those investments now. And until revenue growth reaccelerates in a more substantive way, that's going to have pressure on EBITDA and operating margins while we make those investments.
James Benson: No. No. I know what you're referring to that, yeah, there have been bloggers that have talked about pricing. And I can tell you that we look at pricing on a regular basis. And one, I will tell you the Media business is a very competitive business. Price points are always very aggressive, but the pricing environment and our response in the pricing environment is consistent. So we're not seeing a significant change up or down in the pricing environment. It is a very aggressive pricing environment, and we will price to ensure that we maintain and grow share. But I haven't seen it necessarily get better or worse. It's pretty consistent.
James Benson: You are asking about the non-top six? Obviously, with the top six that I think we had shared last time that one of those customers renewed in the first quarter that you can expect that these customers, all of them have contract lives between one and two years each, and so you probably had each one of them are renewing, call it, one of them is renewing each quarter, roughly speaking. And so that's roughly how it's going to continue.
James Benson: Yeah, as far as the big – the six large net platform companies, I think we said in aggregate, they're 10%. We said the top two in Q2 were 5.5%. They were a little bit less than 5% combined this quarter. So it gives you a frame that there's really none of them beyond our largest customer that – they are all about 2% or less below them. Actually customers five and six are relatively small. We have included them in the grouping just because they fit the classification of an Internet platform giant. And as far as the sales force is concerned, we continue to make investments in the sales force. We continue to make investments in go-to-market capability all the time. We are not disclosing specifically the number of sales reps. We did that a few years ago because we were kind of doubling down in a much more substantive way, that we were doubling the size of the sales force over the span of a couple of years. So we're not growing the sales force at that rate, by any means. But we continue to kind of add to the sales capability and as Tom mentioned, we will add it based on what we think the growth opportunities are and hire the appropriate skill sets. So you can expect that we will continue to do that going forward.
James Benson: Yeah. So I will take them in order. So it's tough to say what the Media growth is going to be ex the digital (64:16) platform guys. Yes, they grew 5% in the third quarter. As we've said in the past, that the Media product category is really about traffic and there is a lot of things that cause traffic to kind of ebb and flow, big software releases, gaming releases, more video delivery. So, I don't know if I would say 5% is the new normal. I mean obviously 5% is what we did in the third quarter. I do think it's going to be pressured in that we have had some large customers that have transitioned from buying a Media product, to now – to a Web product. So in that case, it will be pressured, but I still think there's a significant opportunity for growth in our Media products and – which is one of the reasons again going back to the divisional lens that we introduced a couple of quarters ago, that's one of the reasons why we grouped customers the way we have, because I think seeing what those customers are doing as a composite, I think, is a more important and meaningful way to look at it. And relative to the holiday season, I mean, you can look at some of the things that we do. You can look at announcements, announcements of, it could be gaming releases. It could be announcements of things that are going to cause more consumption possibly of online activity. It could be the introduction of new offerings, potentially new offerings for over-the-top bundles, things of that nature. Looking at things like ComScore, around what their predictions are going to be for the online e-commerce season. So there's a bunch of things that you can look at to kind of get a gauge. You'll see statistics – you can't always directly correlate them to how we're going to fare, but they're probably reasonable proof points around whether things are trending in the right direction.
James Benson: No, no, no, this isn't about customers leaving the Media product category and churning. These are customers that are literally the sales rep and the customer having a discussion, as Tom mentioned. And they're upgrading to a higher performing product which happens to sit in our Web Performance product category. So, no, this is not a function of they're migrating and they're migrating, either churning or migrating to a web – they're migrating to our Web Performance products where that's been the case.
James Benson: Yeah, so I'll take – relative to the large Internet platform customers that – again, what we've said is our visibility for these customers in the near term is pretty good. Our visibility for these customers beyond kind of, call it, the next quarter or the next two quarters is certainly less. And it's hard to pick a percentage as you know, because it's a function of what happens with the rest of our business as well. I can tell you that roughly where – the revenue volumes, as Tom mentioned, we can expect that they're probably going to go down a little bit from where they were in Q3. I don't think you're going to see – notably, I think these customers as a grouping, they're still going to be a sizable revenue contributor in 2017, whether they're contributing at the levels that they are now or something less than that, it's hard to predict. But I think that they'll still be reasonable sized customers as a grouping, at least for 2017. And relative to – I'm not exactly sure what your question is around Performance and Security that – I think the point is that Performance and Security growth rates were 19% in Q3. We saw an acceleration in Web Performance. We saw an acceleration in Cloud Security. What I was suggesting is that outside of that, we had a modest benefit in our custom government projects which probably contributed to about a point of that growth. So call it, the 19% growth. It would have been more like 18% growth had it not been for a couple of large projects.
James Benson: Yeah, I mean, again, it depends upon what happens, as you know, Michael, in Q4, especially for the Web Performance products in particular. The online commerce season is a big factor on how well that product category will do, because certainly that traffic for the commerce season affects the Web Performance products. And so I'd say there is certainly a chance that its growth stabilizes in Q4 if there's a good and strong online holiday season, or it might dip, but I don't think it'll dip substantially.
James Benson: No, I think you're thinking about it exactly right that some of the reasons for the sequential growth in prior periods or prior years was what was going on with the large Internet platform customers, the big two that we talked about in the past that they had been large contributors to Q3 to Q4 sequential growth in the past. That's obviously not the case now. If you exclude those customers, where we look, we expect that the sequential growth rate outside of those Internet platform customers to be roughly consistent with what they've been seasonally the last couple of years.
James Benson: Yeah, Will, I think we're definitely poised to benefit from that. I think we're obviously a bit cautious, given what we called last year. And obviously it didn't happen to the volumes and levels that we thought. So I think when it does come, I think we will be poised to benefit from that at the time, but when it happens, it remains to be seen.
James Benson: It's about $4.5 million a quarter and it's recorded as an expense offset. So roughly speaking, call it, roughly $0.02.
James Benson: No, the way it has been structured is we are going to receive this over the next three years. And so you will see a quarterly payment of $4.4 million a quarter for basically the next 11 quarters.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. So in Web Performance, we have the Ion product line which is really achieving scale now. We have a new solution with Image Manager and they both contributed to the strong performance in Q3 and I'm really excited about Ion 3.0 that'll be coming out early next year, which focuses on mobile apps and performance in difficult environments such as cellular networks and I think that is a great area of potential for us. In Cloud Security, bookings are very strong and we have the next generation of the existing products. Bot Manager is relatively new and doing great. We have client reputation, which is also doing well and now we'll have going out next year not – as Jim said, not contributing a lot of revenue now, but two enterprise security products. So I think we're very excited about the potential for future growth in the security products suite.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, I mean, roughly a third of our customer base buy one of our security products. So we still have a lot of room to grow within our existing install base. And there's – certainly our install base is a little over 6,500 customers. So there's significant room to expand outside the install base with new customers as well. So there's a significant opportunity to continue to grow our security portfolio, not just from adding new adjacent offerings but also penetrating the existing offerings with both existing and new customers. And in terms of the customers that were impacted on Friday, as you know, that was a result of an attack against a DNS provider, called Dyn. If a customer was using Dyn to direct the traffic to a CDN, then there's nothing that we can do about it. Now, in some cases, we had customers that were using Dyn to direct traffic to the origin that we would have to go to. In that case, we were able to overcome Dyn's outage and actually get the content in real-time from those customers. Otherwise, this would have been a lot worse. So we were able to help a lot of our customers through the Dyn attacks. If they were using Dyn and only Dyn for just getting the original direction to a CDN, then there's nothing that could be done unless they were using another provider. That said, we do offer a service called Fast DNS, which has tremendous capacity for DNS resolutions and we have a lot of customers that use that and they were fine.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I think at scale is sort of the key. There's a lot of competitors for delivering video and for delivering media, literally dozens. When it comes to delivering events at scale, I think generally, Akamai is where the major companies turn to. That's certainly the case in the Olympics. We handled it for 43 broadcasters around the world. And you see that for most of the major sporting events and online events. And that's because of our scale, because of our quality levels, because of the security. Those events are big targets for attackers, and so security is really important. So in those cases for the large scale events, Akamai is a go-to company.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, let me talk a little bit about what the strategy and vision is there, and then Jim can talk about some of the numbers. The goal is to enable enterprise networks to move into the future where their applications are outside the firewall or maybe they're in the cloud. The users are mobile, outside the traditional enterprise structure and to provide acceleration, off-load and security. Starting with access to the application, managing that in a secure and efficient way and then delivery of the application to make it be really fast, to make it work in mobile and cellular environments around the world, to provide security for the enterprise applications so that they are not compromised by malware. Also to protect the enterprise employees, so they are not compromised by malware to protect the enterprise infrastructure. So their emails or their intellectual property is not exfiltrated from the enterprise. And finally to make the enterprise networking be more efficient, enterprise networks are about to go into their next generation, it will look different in the future. And off-loading from congested pipes into branch offices becomes important because the enterprise wants to do things that by training that makes use of video that clogs the enterprise pipes. So the vision is really to support everything the enterprise needs as it evolves its network into the future.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I'll get that. Yeah, the competitive landscape in Performance and Security really hasn't changed. There's a lot of companies. Pretty much all of the CDNs will have some sort of acceleration product and a lot of them have some sort of security product. I think what differentiates Akamai is our scale, our track record to really defend against the hard attacks and to give the utmost in performance, especially in mobile and cellular environments, which, of course, are increasingly important.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I don't think there's any real fundamental change there. You see that more commonly in big media accounts. And that's been around forever. I don't think there's any real change in terms of customers that are pursuing multi CDN. Now, in some cases, customers will even tell us that it actually lowers their reliability and quality, because now if one of the CDNs goes down or has a problem, it does take a while for them to deal with that, and so it increases the chances for difficulty. It also increases their overhead, trying to manage several CDNs. The CDNs have different capabilities. Akamai offers a lot of very useful functionality that the other CDNs don't, and so that means you can't always take advantage of it if you are trying to share traffic among CDNs. But it exists, particularly in media and I don't think there's any fundamental change there.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, they might have an object delivery product and which is just basic caching and delivery, if you want to think of it as basic CDN. But they want to have the delivery be faster. They want it accelerated. They want to have more dynamic content and have it be accelerated. So then they might upgrade to a DSA or an Ion. Increasingly, media companies really care about security, so they want all of their content to run through Kona Site Defender and the entry level delivery product there would be DSD, which is a web product. So, what you see them doing is moving from basic object delivery, basic caching into Performance and Security product and that's good. That's a good thing. It is a higher margin business, as Jim said. It's stickier and then from there, once they are more deeply on the platform, we can sell other capabilities, things like Image Manager, Bot Manager, so it's a good mix shift for us.
Frank Thomson Leighton: That's a – yeah, great point. The buyer is a little bit different for our enterprise products. Now, there's a commonalty with the Chief Security Officer, commonality with the CIO. But the person who is worried about the enterprise network or the enterprise app security or the enterprise apps is often different than the person whose day-to-day job is the enterprise website. That said, we have great relationships in many major enterprises and so it's easy for us to cross over. We do have folks that have special training around the new enterprise products. The beauty of both Enterprise Threat Protector and Enterprise Application Access is they are very easy to integrate and to turn on. And the value proposition is, I think, relatively easy to explain, much easier than things like Kona Site Defender and Ion, for that matter. So I'm very optimistic that it will have success in being able to cross over with the enterprise products. And, yes, we will have a new suite of competitors as we move into the enterprise market. We will be probably seeing the big box providers who are trying to figure out how to move into the cloud. And the big advantage we have is that we know how to work in the cloud very well, with high performance and high security, and then with a shared platform. And that's a big advantage.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes, the Krebs attack did share some of the same attacking entities as the Dyn attack, but it was different in that it wasn't going after DNS, it was going after the site itself. And when you have attacks that say are maybe just downloading the site at massive scale, issuing GET requests, you want to think of one of the costs there is just the cost to support all the traffic. Because you may be delivering the traffic or even if you are filtering the traffic, it's coming in to us and that is a cost. Not to mention with very large scale attacks, the human cost of monitoring it, making sure everything is fine and that there's no downstream impacts. So it's like running a very large-scale event at some level for however long the attack goes. So it can be expensive over time. And we – it gets hard to do that for a long period of time in a pro bono situation in terms of the interest to our shareholders and to the interest of our paying customer base.
Frank Thomson Leighton: No, I don't think in terms of the security business, it's an issue in terms of gross margins. We are certainly seeing rapid increases in the number of attacks as I talked about and rapid increases in the scale and sophistication of the attacks. And that's an area where Akamai really excels. So I think as awareness of what's happening out there increases, that helps drive customer adoption for Akamai because we are really uniquely capable of defending against those kinds of attacks.
Frank Thomson Leighton: No, absolutely, I think the future of OTT is bright. We have a strong growth already in our revenues for OTT. I do think there's a good chance you'll see numerous OTT efforts launched over the next one to two years. I think we're in a very good position to benefit from many of them, including some of the ones that you mentioned. And I think that can be a very strong driver for revenue growth for us in the future. It's hard to predict how successful each one will be, but I think everybody thinks it's going that way. And as it starts to really materially get there, that's a good thing for us.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I think we are positioned very well in the competitive landscape. The traditional landscape has been dominated by companies that sell you devices that you install in your data center and that just doesn't work anymore. The scale of the attacks makes it really impossible to defend yourself successfully that way. You can't afford enough and you can't get enough connectivity with these large attacks. And what you need really is Akamai because we have such large-scale with our platform, and where we place our service at the edge of the Internet. Even the large cloud data centers cannot scale with these kinds of attacks. So we're uniquely well positioned to defend against the large attacks. I think every enterprise needs to worry about it and I think there will be increased awareness after Friday's attacks that this is a big deal. So I think there's tremendous upside in the TAM across really all of our customer segments. And that's just for the DDoS attacks. Of course, we also sell the Kona Site Defender solution that adds application layer defenses. That's where the bad guys are trying to come in and corrupt your website, and trying to steal your confidential information. And then beyond that, as we talked about, we'll be entering the enterprise security space and that's where the bad guys are trying to infect the employees with malware, trying to exfiltrate sensitive corporate data such as emails, and that's potentially an even larger market down the road.
