Tom Leighton: Yeah, sure. As we talked about the deceleration in traffic and remember traffic is still growing, the deceleration is primarily due to the six large internet platform companies that we’ve talked about and as we talked about on the last call, there was some share loss and some large gaming customers in the Americas and that is exactly what happened I would say in Q2. Beyond that, we don’t see any evidence of major share loss. In fact, there’s a lot of accounts where we’ve increased share and our traffic is growing. If you take out the six large platform companies, it’s actually growing faster than the published results for the internet as a whole. So, it’s just the issue is it’s not growing as fast as we’d expected and it’s not growing as fast as the historical trends and so that’s why we’re putting in place some pretty significant steps to increase traffic share and get revenue growing and at a stronger pace including the six largest internet companies.
Tom Leighton: It’s not a big part I would say, but it is a part. We want to be sure we’re offering competitive pricing. When I talked about several of the steps that we’re taking, a lot of it is around providing the very best service and really customized service to the world’s largest media companies and we’re focused on the top 250 and we’ve got a lot of unique capabilities that I mentioned earlier that we are going to be helping those customers integrate into their platforms. And I think we've much greater focus with those accounts providing exactly the services they need and in some cases, it will involve differentiated pricing if they’re doing a background download or they’re working in a particular geography or if they’re using our client-assisted delivery software that the pricing can be more tailored for them. But pricing is I think a component, and as you know pricing always decreases on an annual basis and we are seeing and as far as we know we’ll continue to see price decreases within historical norms. So, I would say it’s mostly a focus on providing better and differentiated services with a lot more focus and energy there on the top 250 global media companies.
Tom Leighton: Sure. As we’ve talked about, we’ve lost significant share in the big six internet platform companies due to their do-it-yourself efforts and we’ve talked about that a lot that they drive a lot of traffic on the internet. And just to be clear, even counting that, we’re still growing traffic on the Akamai platform at a good clip. And in fact, if you take out those big six, it’s growing faster than the internet as a whole. In terms of share and as we talked about, we did lose some share in a few large primarily American gaming companies. We’re actually working hard at getting that share back and I’m optimistic about that. Otherwise I don’t see any share loss compared to say last year and in fact, our goal and we’re working hard to do this is to increase share and as I talked about, I think we see strong potential to do that. As Jim mentioned, already the steps we’re taking we’re beginning to see some acceleration in traffic and increase in share. It’s very early and as Jim mentioned, I think you really want to be thinking about a few quarters to see the full benefit from the action we’re taking, and it really is centered around greater focus and energy and customization of what we do for the world’s largest media companies. And as you might imagine, aside from having a lot of traffic and a lot of end-users they have special needs and we’re in a great position I think to satisfy those needs with the right packaging of capabilities for them. And we believe that by doing that we can increase our share, which is already large in the world’s largest media companies. We can increase it and drive revenue growth going forward.
Tom Leighton: Sure. The buyer of our Enterprise security products is not the same person as the buyer of our web security products, but they do track up to the same CSO and CIO, and our reputation as now the world’s largest pure play web security provider really is very helpful in our customer base and is I think really going to help us jump start our Enterprise security business and the products there today are Enterprise application access and Enterprise Threat Protector. Now, as we look over the long-term, we believe that the market for the Enterprise products is in the long run larger than the web security products and our goal is to grow that business on the same trajectory that we grew the web security business and in the first year, that’s been the case. If we look at our -- the Enterprise Application Access product that we launched through an acquisition late last year, it’s tracking ahead of the first year of where we were with Kona Site Defender, which was our flagship product to get the web security business going. And in terms of the question about when can we see meaningful results, we’re optimistic that we can start seeing results that will make a difference, and then we maybe starting to talk about in terms of the dollar volumes for enterprise security towards the end of next year. And if we stay on the same track we’re on now, that would – that should be possible, it should make a difference in our results towards the end of 2018.
Tom Leighton: Yeah. I think, in the long run, not only does it grow revenue, it also improves margins. Growing traffic is generally a good thing. And it’s not just about pricing. We’re driving a lot of our costs out of the delivery, and that improves our margins. It does enable us to pass through some of the savings to customers, which we always do, and that keeps our products competitive in the marketplace and not just an issue of competition, but as you look at OTT, which we look as driving a lot of the future growth for the media business, the cost is an important component for our media customers. The broadcasters come from a world of satellite delivery, and in the satellite world, every additional subscriber is free. Now in the Internet, that’s not true. And so, we have to do work to decrease costs to help enable the increasing growth in OTT. Now in terms of what we’re doing with the largest customers, as I mentioned, we’re working hard to take unique Akamai capabilities and integrate them better into our largest customers platforms, things like accelerated NGS, broadcast operations support, low-latency streaming technology, Akamai client software. And these are all things that improve the end user experience, several that do lower costs for everybody for the ecosystem, so that’s a good thing. And there is – for some of our customers, they need differentiated pricing models to make it work for their businesses. For example, subscriber-based pricing, peer-assisted delivery, folks with background software downloads. In that case, our cost is lower. It makes sense to be able to pass that on to the customer. And in some cases, customers need us to be leveraging our deep carrier relationships in countries around the world. And they need regional pricing, and they need things like dedicated managed CDN services. These are all capabilities Akamai has and, generally, uniquely capable of providing. And they’re going to see and you’re going to see a lot more focused support for the largest customers, and we’re really putting our effort there. And we think, by doing that, we can increase – we have a large share today. We can increase it substantially. That’ll improve revenue. It will improve our margins and be good for the business.
Tom Leighton: Sure. I spoke about that beginning of the investor summit and a little bit on the last call that because of the deferred revenue impact in purchase accounting, there was a few million dollars for SOASTA revenue in our Q2 results and we’re managing that business as part of our web performance business unit and that’s where it resides. We aren’t going to guide to it specifically each quarter, but what I said during the investor summit is that that business kind of on an annual basis, once we work through the purchase accounting impact of deferred revenue, could be roughly a $30 million business, so that’s the rough profile of what you should be looking for going into 2018.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, no I think you nailed it. The biggest trend in performance is around mobile performance where the conditions can be particularly challenging for a good end-user experience. That’s what our Ion 3 is all about. Image Manager makes a huge difference for mobile performance. We’re seeing great traction with that new product. And of course, the SOASTA acquisition with mPulse and CloudTest are all about measuring performance, helping our customers optimize it in a way that maximizes their business, and I would say mobile is front and center there. Of course, security, also very important for those customers and that’s partly why you see our security business growing so rapidly as really the industry leader and the only company capable of providing the kind of security that major Enterprises need online today.
Tom Leighton: So obviously, we talked about the media business and when the traffic has been less than we’d expected and therefore the revenue less than we’d expected. That put pressure on our margins in the near-term and as you know, we’ve just talked about we have an active plan to improve the performance there. When you look at our Web Division there and you see very high margins, you see excellent growth rates; I think it’s really important that we continue the investments there to fuel the growth of that business. If you look at our Enterprise business which is very early days, we now have two products in the market off to excellent start, and we think that has an even better longer-term potential for growth. And so, the last thing we want to do is do anything to interrupt the great performance and growth that we’re seeing there. So, we are incurring lower EBITDA margins in the near term as we work through and improve the media business. And as we talk about, as we do that, and as we continue to drive very strong growth for our highly profitable web business, and as the enterprise business starts to make a difference in our numbers next year, we do expect to see margin improvement.
Tom Leighton: Yes, I think it’s everything you mentioned and more. For example, Enterprise Application Access is all about authenticating in a much safer and less expensive way, enterprise employees to get access to enterprise apps. In the past, this was all behind the firewall. And of course, as you know, Enterprise Networks are turning inside out. As cloud -- as enterprise applications move to the cloud, as you need to give access to contractors and third parties and enterprise employees on the move, you need to give them access to those applications. You need to be able to do that, and the traditional approach just isn’t effective anymore. In fact, access that wasn’t intended is the number one cause of data breaches today. And this is an area where you need new ways of doing it, and that’s exactly what Enterprise Application Access does. And that product is now tracking faster in terms of adoption in revenue than our Kona Site Defender product. If you look at Enterprise Threat Protector, which just came out of a very successful beta trial, that’s all about stopping malware, blocking phishing attempts and stopping data exfiltration, which is probably the biggest threat and the biggest expense for enterprises. When they get hacked and they lose their internal data, it’s pretty disastrous. And just in the beta trial alone, we found examples with major enterprises, where we did exactly that. We caught, through this product, data exfiltration happening from, in one case, an air-conditioning unit, that nobody was really thinking that it’s connected. It has a CPU and a full communication stack. Lo and behold, it was infected, collecting the corporate data and exfiltrating it. So, I think the eventual market for these products is very large. You look at the traditional enterprise security market, and traditionally, that was done on your private network, buying devices, that’s a much larger market than web security. And that market is getting turned inside out along with the enterprise network. And those are going to be services that will have to be purchased in the cloud. And we’re in a great position to offer those services. It’s new technology. So, it really is different. It’s not just taking your box and putting it out there in the Internet. That’s not good work that way. These are going to work that way. These are going to be platform cloud services, and Akamai has a lot of experience doing that.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, it’s not a pricing strategy. Obviously, pricing drops every year, it has for 20 years. And it’s dropping within historical norms. I don’t see anything that’s going to change that. Now getting the right pricing model and how the services are packaged which can vary for each major customer that certainly, we’re working on with the major broadcasters and video customers.
Tom Leighton: Yeah. What we’re doing is reallocating investment within the Media Division to weight much more heavily in the top 250 customers and for smaller companies to handle those in more efficient ways. So, this is not a net increase in investment. In fact, Adam is working very hard to lower the costs in our Media Division.
Tom Leighton: There’s lots and we’ve been working to reduce our costs for 20 years there. Every year, pricing comes down, and so does our internal cost. There is things all the way from better CPUs that we buy, better use of that through software improvements so per dollar of CPU, per dollar of Co-Lo, we deliver a lot more traffic. There’s better use of our infrastructure to optimize what each server is doing and when. When you do have opportunities like background downloads, we can schedule the delivery at times to non-peak times. So, you’re taking advantage of Co-Lo. And maybe if we’ve acquired bandwidth as use it or lose it, we would then use that for the background downloads. So, the marginal costs would be vastly less for us, and we can pass some of that on to our customers. We can use peer-assisted delivery and are doing that in some cases. Again, lowering the costs of the ecosystem. It lowers our costs dramatically, and we pass some of that on to our customers. Greater use -- bandwidth costs are different amount in the many hundreds of cities where we’re located around the world, and better use of that can lower our costs. So, there is a lot of things that we do and have been working on for a long time. We have a lot stronger focus and allocation of resources to that endeavor today. And on the go-to-market side, there’s better and more efficient use of our people in terms of interacting with our customers and as we talked about, be a lot greater focus of those resources on the largest media companies and there’s relatively a small number. It really is about 250 customers that comprise the majority of our traffic and very large majority of our revenue today, in media.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, I mean that’s why -- I mean what Tom highlighted is we intend to offer the Company in mid to high 30s. So, we expect to get the model back to the high 30s as we’re going through our media improvement plan as Tom outlined it and as I said it’s going to take a few quarters to see the full benefit of those actions. And so, what we’ve said is in the near-term as we go through that, we’re going to be operating a Company in the mid-30s to make the investment that we need to make in the Web Division, in the Enterprise division in the areas that Tom had outlined. And so, the plan is to do both. Near-term mid-30s, once we start to see the media improvement plans take hold, which is in both on the revenue and the cost side, our expectation is you should then begin to see margin expansion.
Tom Leighton: Well we do have a little bit of stabilization in the big six customers. We have a great security business which is really meaningful in terms of revenue and growing at a really good clip. We have new product introductions and we’re particularly excited about our Enterprise products and that as I mentioned should start to be noticeable towards the end of next year and those are all very helpful to growing our revenue. The Web Division customer base growing at a very solid clip which we think we can maintain mid-teens there, and so really, the area where we’ve got and we’re planning to do better is around media, and that’s growing share and providing a better service to the top media customers and that will help us grow revenue and I think with some of the technologies we talked about grow margin.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, I don’t think anything is substantively changed, Colby. I think what we said last quarter was that we were seeing traffic moderation in the media business and we had even said that we thought it could persist into the back half, and we also said that at that time that we thought that the EBITDA margins would dip below 37. So, kind of mid-30s is we’re not that precise, and we certainly guided to 36. And I think what we’re signaling now is consistent with what we said then. It’s just a matter of I think we’re trying to be very candid about working some very specific actions in the media business. We’re starting to see some of those actions take hold, still early. We think it’s going to take a few quarters to see the full benefits of them and that really is the sole reason why you’re seeing pressure on EBITDA margins, which is challenges in the Media Division customer base that we have our arms around and that we’re working. And I think we’ll be able to work through that in the next few quarters. EBITDA margins in the mid-30s will allow us to make the investments we think we need to in critical areas of the business that will fuel growth for the Company longer term which are huge catalysts for growth of the company that we don’t want to constrain right now. And so, think of it as mid-30s for kind of the next several quarters. And once we start to see the media actions take hold, we expect that we should be able to see expansion from there.
Tom Leighton: Well, clearly the worst of it is behind us by the fact that only 8% of our revenue. And as you know, they were more than double that. Not so long ago. So, the worst is behind us. I think it would be prudent to plan that there could be some further erosion there. That said, we’re working very hard to grow with those customers. I do believe that it makes sense for them to grow their business with Akamai. I think we can do a better job at a lower price point. And you know, in the past we have seen some of those folks that had DIY and they were taking share reverse course and then put more traffic on Akamai. It does take a little while for a particular DIY project to run its course, but at the end of the day I think we do offer a better service at a lower price point. And so, we are working hard to grow that business. That said, I think given what we’ve experienced in the last year, it is prudent to be planning for further declines, but certainly nothing like it just can’t be, because it’s only 8% now like what we’ve seen over the past year or so.
Tom Leighton: Sure. Video today is now the majority of our traffic. And that said, we still have a substantial portion of traffic. We have other media customers, software downloads, gaming, some social networking and so video is not yet all of it. Video is growing at a good clip. And I think as you look at the estimates and the modeling that people are doing about the rate at which TV and typical delivery of video moves online, that leads to a very good place for Akamai. And I think it depends now, who will be delivering that. But I think by the models that you look at, a lot of that is ideally suited for Akamai. We do a lot of the delivery for the world’s major broadcasters and also a lot of the world’s major aggregators of video. So, I think it’s not – you can’t say the next year everybody is going to be watching their video online, but it’s certainly growing. The industry is certainly planning in the long term to have the majority of the video be watched over IP. And that is an excellent outcome for Akamai. And it will probably take us some time to get there, but already it’s a majority of traffic. It is growing at a good clip and it’s growing faster for Akamai than it is for the industry as a whole or the internet as a whole on video.
