Paul L. Sagan: So one of the nice things about the quarter and the really positive surprise was that we saw strength across the board. We thought it would be a good holiday season. It was an exceptional holiday season, and so commerce was very strong. But as we mentioned, we saw some acceleration in media volumes. We saw acceleration in the software and SaaS delivery market. And so there was just a very strong Internet ecosystem economy, which we hope will set us up well for 2012 as well.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. Well our goal is to return strong growth and shareholder value to our investors. And we want to use our balance sheet whenever possible to strengthen the company and we said for a long time that we would continue to be opportunistic about acquisitions to fill holes faster in our product portfolio and to try to grow the company more quickly. You've seen us some years do a number of acquisitions, some years not and so I think we're a disciplined buyer. We have a roadmap across our divisions of things that we want to add to our portfolio, and we're always making that make-or-buy evaluation and in this case, we found 2 terrific companies that we thought would help us grow the business, and that's why we went the M&A route and in the future we'll continue to look. We do have a great balance sheet and it allows us to be opportunistic and to move when we need to.
Paul L. Sagan: Oh, secure -- it was really demand for security products, so we talked a lot about providing a different layer in a security in-depth philosophy of web-based security from the Akamai cloud. And that was the strong growth we saw and interest in security products last year. I'll let Jim make some additional comments, if you'd like.
Paul L. Sagan: Legal settlement. Oh, I'm sorry, yes, that had to do with a dispute that we had brought against somebody. I can't comment on the details at all. We obviously excluded that from our normalized earnings. It went down in major.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. Let me take them in reverse order because we're not going to make any specific comments on Cotendo until that deal is closed. We like a lot of their capabilities. We like their team. We think it brings a lot to Akamai, but I won't comment specifically there until we close that. Now in terms of Blaze, which is already closed, we'll be embedding those, that capability across our dynamic site capabilities. We'll be announcing new product availability in dynamic site acceleration and mobile acceleration, and we'll be using front-end optimization capabilities where it makes sense. Just to help folks understand, this is the idea that the sites are now effectively created in the browser and that's very different on different kinds of devices, so there's this ability to create optimization in this front end where the user is across devices, and Blaze has very interesting cloud-based capabilities. There are a lot of people who say they're in the front end optimization space or web content optimization space, but often they are a single point of failure solution or a data center solution or a box solution, and we don't believe are scalable. What we really like about not just the team at Blaze and their expertise was their design, and our belief was we could embed it in our massively distributed platform and bring it to bear a number of products. I won't to jump the gun and announce pricing or how the bundling is done. That will be done by product marketing and rollouts. But you can assume that over the next couple of years we believe front-end optimization will be important and taking what Blaze has done and building on it should be important to those -- that product suite.
Paul L. Sagan: Well that's the age-old question that the answer doesn't really change much. The pricing environment has been quite consistent. I'd remind everyone that our goal is to drive the cost and the price down on the delivery of volume content, because that's how our customers can afford to bring more long form media online. The pricing environment in the second half of last year and Q4 was very consistent with what we've seen for years, so I expect it will be similar this year. Our goal is to drive even more cost out of the business so we can help our customers do more online, so no fundamental change there. Last year, don't expect it. This year -- and the acceleration really came from I think our customers feeling better about their ability to bring more media online and profit by doing so, probably a little bit of recovery in the economy, a little bit of recovery in the ad market, which is how a lot of this content is effectively monetized online by our customers. And so they brought, I think, more content online, and we saw the volumes always increase, but we saw that rate of increase tick up a little bit. Again, we don't want to say that it's a giant trend, but it is something that we expected would happen. We saw it happening in Q4 and I think that helped the growth on the content delivery solution side, and I think that's a good data point.
Paul L. Sagan: I think we have the ability to continue to drive the cost of delivery down significantly going forward. It's sort of invisible out there, because a lot of it is the -- effectively take advantage of Moore's Law, and a machine is not a machine year-over-year, and the incredible efficiency that we can drive out of our own software development or changes, physical changes, in those boxes. And so our goal is to never have a larger footprint than necessary, but to make that footprint more efficient every year, and that's a big focus on our network and platform side.
Paul L. Sagan: Jen, I think we -- if you step all the way back, it's clear to us and to most people that we're going to see content move online and quality improve, and I think we are starting to see that. Q4, there's a lot of seasonality in there. So we're always nervous to put 1 point and call it a trend, and there's got to be some seasonality built into that and we had -- we'll have some of that naturally, so it'll be interesting to see how it plays out in the -- in quarter by quarter. The only thing I know really for sure is that I would expect that to happen over the next several years, but it's hard to call quarter-by-quarter at this point.
Paul L. Sagan: No, we saw very strong growth in Enterprise as you mentioned. I think last year we had a very, very strong performance in the Enterprise segment, so the comp is a little bit tougher for that area, but it still is our fastest growing vertical, and so we're very pleased with the growth in the Enterprise vertical, and in particular with our EPS solutions.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, the volumes have increased. It's the rate of increase and we'll just have to watch that over a few more quarters and decide if we think it's really an inflection point in video, and in our cloud infrastructure services, we have seen very strong growth last year, Q4 was great results. I'll be looking at how we're doing in our Dynamic site, in security and in mobile solutions this year, as we go forward and try to forecast how we're going to do.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, our goal with whatever we bring out is I believe, is to drive new revenue for the company. In some cases they will be next generation products, in other cases they will be wholly new products and in both cases I think they give us opportunity to go to our customers and do more and get paid more. That's at least what we try to earn every day with them. In terms of those other 2 areas, I'm very pleased with the partnership with Ericsson, which we said was going to do joint development across a number of products. We're not ready to announce those today, but I'm very pleased with the collaboration and the work and the -- some of the actual field-testing results that we're seeing, but we are not ready to make product announcements yet. And in the area of working with our network partners, also very encouraged by some of the work that we have going there. As we said on the last call, we now have more formal network relationships than in the history -- any time in the past history of the company. They are more interested in how to drive more traffic efficiently across their network and work with us. We think that, that has opened up new opportunity to create a new kind of relationship, and even potentially a new revenue stream for us. We're not ready to make those announcements formally as new products yet, but we continue to work in that category and I'm very optimistic about that as well. But you'll just have to watch this space across those 2 categories for formal product announcements this year.
Paul L. Sagan: Yes, I think I'll take that. That so -- the -- the SaaS base of the cloud infrastructure solutions, I think, are about 55% of that vertical and we had very, very good momentum in that area. And as we talked about in the past, that you mentioned the software download business being the other business. That business is not the business that we're expecting to grow. That business was actually okay in the quarter. That business tends to be lumpy based on customers that do software downloads. So we had a reasonably good quarter there, but the real big driver in that was our SaaS solutions.
Paul L. Sagan: And not to get on a political soapbox, that's clearly a problem that we've seen year after year, and it would be nice for everybody if we just knew, but that's unfortunately not one of the things that Washington seems to be able to figure out.
Paul L. Sagan: Okay. And Ed, well, as they say on the radio, we'll take your calls off-line because it sounds like you're on a cell phone and you were warbling in and out. On the M&A volumes, it was a strong quarter. We continue to be optimistic that more and more video is going to move online. The drivers there continue to be finding the audience with the right quality and the right content and the right monetization. And I think the producers and distributors are more optimistic about that than ever. I'll let Jim comment on renewals, but we continue to work well with our customers.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. So DDoS is one clearly that's been higher interest because of the headlines in the last 6 months, but also our WAF or Web Application Firewall product that allows filtering rules to be put out at the edge of the Internet embedded in our cloud as opposed to in your datacenter is another. And then as I said, we'll be making another announcement about web security in the first half of this year, which I think will be of interest to a lot of our customers as well.
Paul L. Sagan: We're very pleased with what we saw in the second half of last year. We've said those were good data points, particularly in Q4. I'm not going to characterize it anymore going forward, except to say that we think our customers are optimistic about what they can do online and are really looking at the monetization opportunities, but I'm not going to try to guide on volumes beyond that.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. Well I think first of all, in this recurring revenue model, we're not making the quarter on the last hour by shipping boxes or licenses as we need to get people signed up and on the platform then recognize the revenue ratably on a monthly basis across the year or more, hopefully years of their relationship with us. I think one of the significant things around the effort in our products and development group is that they're rolling out either enhancements or new products in every division, which gives us the ability to go back to our customers and ask for our fair share of their spend on IT and Internet and cloud. And I think we have the ability to go back and do better in all of those categories because the enhancements that we're going to be able to rollout, or the new products across the board. So we're very optimistic, and we'll be able to actually talk to them about these and sell most of them in the first half of this year.
Paul L. Sagan: I mean, there certainly are. I mean, in particular that we -- our DSA and RMA products tend to be sold as the M&E segments pretty well. They continue to make good traction in that area, but -- you were talking about gross margins, and our gross margins kind of -- just want to make sure I understand your question.
Paul L. Sagan: Yes, I think that the -- I think we talked about that, our mix of business between kind of values -- our cloud infrastructure solutions and the volume solutions was fairly consistent from Q3 to Q4, and so you're seeing similar gross margins as a result of that. The mix didn't shift dramatically. We actually saw a little bit of a lift in our volume solutions Q3 to Q4 from, I think, 3% growth in Q3 to 6% in Q4. So -- but the mix didn't really change.
Paul L. Sagan: I'll take the pricing part, because I tried to be very clear and declarative. Before, we saw a very consistent pattern. Last year, we expected. This year, our goal is to continue to drive cost out and to be able to pass some of that along to our customers so they can drive more volume, and I don't expect a change in that pattern, and I'll let Jim talk to you about --
Paul L. Sagan: That question was asked, and what I said was no product announcements today, but very pleased with the collaboration with them and I'm very optimistic that we can do some interesting things together over the next couple of years.
Paul L. Sagan: So I think we had headcount growth of roughly a couple hundred people in 2011 and as I mentioned before, our expectation is we're going to continue to grow and invest in the business, so you can continue to see us grow in headcount. I don't have a specific number that I'm going to share, though. But we continue to hire, and we continue to look primarily for engineers and great salespeople. And we expect to end the year with more people that we started with. All right, thank you all for calling. J.D., good luck. Please stay in touch. Jim, welcome aboard to this role. And Jim and I look forward to updating all of you again in another quarter. Thanks for dialing in. Bye.
J. D. Sherman: I would just add to that, that we used our balance sheet really, flexibility, in 2 ways last year. One is with the share buyback. We started the year at $1.2 billion in cash. We basically used our free cash flow to buy back shares last year when it made sense, it was opportunistic. And of course with that strong balance sheet, we were also able to make a cash acquisition of Cotendo and then a smaller one with Blaze. So it does give us a lot of flexibility and we'll be opportunistic both in terms of returning it to shareholders via buybacks as well as acquisitions.
J. D. Sherman: Yes, I think this is sort of work -- weave my way back to those thanks a lot, by the way, first of all. I think it's a bit small -- the markets are smaller, so just small numbers move around a little bit more, so you have a little bit of that phenomenon and of course currency moves around. So that probably describes some of the choppiness that you see with our overall international revenue. Roughly speaking, international is 28% of our revenue, about 2/3 of that is Europe, and about 1/3 is Asia-Pac and Asia-Pac is dominated by Japan, so it's a pretty large market for us. And it's one that we haven't seen a lot of growth this year and has been somewhat of a constraint on our growth outside of Europe. I was really, really pleased to see the growth in Europe accelerate in the quarter, and we've also got emerging markets which are still a relatively small part of our overall European -- our international revenue portfolio, but they're growing 40 -- in the 40% range. So I think if we get a little bit of stability in the big markets, the product announcements that we have coming out, the investments that we've put in there, we're pretty optimistic about the ability to grow outside of the U.S. faster than we're going to grow inside the U.S.
J. D. Sherman: I think that when we talk about it for -- a Vice President has to have 3 points to call it a trend, the CFO has 2 points and the CEO has to have 1 point, so I'm not quite ready to call a trend yet. So maybe Paul is, but...
J. D. Sherman: No. And I need 3 quarters. They want 3 quarters. So I guess that's as scientific as we can get. No seriously, there's a very strong back half of the year, very strong bookings, great communication with our customers. We're going to be rolling out either enhancements or entirely new offerings in every major category of our product sets this year from site acceleration, mobile, web security and media delivery, and I think that our customers are focusing on more and more how they're going to grow their businesses online, and we're talking to them about the kinds of suite of solutions and a platform that they need.
J. D. Sherman: We're not changing the structure at all. We're continuing to make investments in growing sales offices in regions where we see opportunity, opening new offices opportunistically where we see additional opportunity but the Enterprise, vertically our industry aligned structure that we've had for a number of years under the direction of the global sales services and marketing leadership I think is really working for us, and our goal is not to upend that or, if you will, fix it. I think it's working well.
J. D. Sherman: Overall, Michael -- overall our cloud infrastructure solutions grew 20% and I'm pretty -- I'm confident that the cloud infrastructure solutions within the high-tech group grew faster than that. Just another point of reference, I think last year in Q4, the percentages were -- it was less than 1/2 of the revenue of the high-tech group was on cloud infrastructure solutions, so we've really seen that turn this year. We've talked about that being an important sort of milestone for that vertical and I think we are turning the corner there.
J. D. Sherman: Yes, the one thing, when you get to the M&E contracts, that's not the old-style contact where you have a monthly commit and then bursting. They tend to be based on usage. So we recognize revenue as the customers use, deliver the gigabits or hit the megabits per second. So it's not the traditional bursting approach. It's as the customer's traffic grows, our revenue will grow. And what we saw in Q4 was a nice acceleration in the rate of volume growth off of Q3, back to Paul's point. One point does not a trend make, and we're not going to call much beyond Q1 except to say that long-term, we all believe that there's a huge opportunity to see a tremendous amount of volume growth on the Internet.
Jim Benson: Yes, and we had very good signings in our cloud infrastructure solutions, and we had very good momentum in our cloud infrastructure solutions, in particular in our DSA product line, which tends to seasonally do very well in Q4 because of the online commerce season. So we had growth as Paul mentioned across the board, but we continued to see momentum in the cloud infrastructure solutions in particular.
Jim Benson: Yes, I can cover that. I mean, there's a couple of things that we're doing in particular for co-location costs, but the driver of co-location costs obviously is the server print -- footprint that sits in the data centers, and so there's a lot of work that we're doing around improving software enablement to get more throughput out of the servers. There's also work to be done on the hardware side as well, that hardware becomes more efficient as we introduce new servers into the data centers as well. So both of those areas are what's helping us focus on co-location costs and make sure that we manage it appropriately.
Jim Benson: Yes, and I think the Super Bowl is a great example of what can be done, and what we've seen with these inflection points over time is, it's a combination of the economics, the cost of delivery married to the monetization capability. And the other is just what's possible from an experience, and we now believe that you can deliver reliably an HD quality movie that shouldn't rebuffer during the time people watch it. Or a sporting event that frankly, people said well -- and I used to hear this all the time, well the Internet's great, but the Super Bowl will never go on the Internet. Well it just did, and it was a great experience, and a complimentary experience to television, and so I think that distributors, content providers, broadcasters are all going to look at that and say, "It actually enhanced the audience and created new opportunities to make money." It didn't cannibalize, and I think that, that will also drive more media online and that'll be good for our Content Delivery business.
Jim Benson: Yes, I mean I think I've -- I think we've said it before, that it's true last Q1 was kind of an anomaly where we had 8 of our top 10 renewals occur, and renewals recur every quarter. And the expectation is that that's going to happen every quarter, we're going to see renewals.
