James Benson: Yes, so I -- we continue to ramp well with the sales hiring that we've done. We continue to do well on kind of making the reps productive. I think it's important to -- you commented on performance and security. The reps that we hire sell more than performance and security. They sell the entire portfolio. So we have reps that are also selling media solutions as well. So they're not just selling performance and security, but certainly, there's an emphasis on that part of the portfolio. But I'd say, in general, we track the reps by tenure class, and they're kind of tracking to historical levels.
James Benson: Yes. I think it's important that actually, it's in line with kind of what we usually see seasonally kind of Q2 to Q3. So it's not kind of below that. But to give you a little bit of color on kind of the guidance range, kind of at the midpoint we're expecting another solid quarter. I think we've mentioned in the past, the summer months from a traffic perspective are lighter than other quarters of the year. So certainly, we are expecting some of that. There are a couple of large software releases that are planned towards the back half of the quarter. And effectively, what we're guiding here is that kind of at the midpoint of the range, those software releases, they happen within the quarter and they're kind of in line with the scale that we expect. On a lower end of the range. Maybe some of those software releases push into Q4. But we're pretty confident with kind of the range that we've outlined. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of perspective on kind of the guide.
James Benson: Yes. So I think, in general, the investments that we're making are not just weighted to security. We've been making investments across the portfolio, across security, across our kind of cloud networking products, across our web performance products and media. So the investments have been pretty broad from an R&D perspective and also from a go-to-market perspective. So I just want to make sure that -- and those investments we're expecting to continue into the second half of the year. I think to your point about security, we did comment on the last couple calls that we're building out more network expansion, in particular, to support our Prolexic offerings, and we're expecting to do more of that in the second half of the year. And as we've said before, from a CapEx perspective, on the network side, we continue to build out in support of what we believe is the demand that's there. And we know that we can grow into it with traffic. So, effectively, the way to think about it is we build CapEx to support what is an aggressive traffic outlook because we certainly don't want to be turning customers away. And if in fact the traffic is a little bit lighter than we expect in the quarter, you can always grow into it in the following quarter.
James Benson: Not really. We had very good and balanced performance across media and pretty much across all of our solution categories. I think probably the one area that maybe tends to be a little bit more lumpy is our custom government projects. And we didn't have as many of them in Q2, but that's probably the only area. I think, outside of that, we had very strong growth across the portfolio.
James Benson: Sure. So on the hiring front, I mean, we set some pretty aggressive hiring expectations for ourselves for the year. So it's certainly not a matter of having difficulty hiring people because Akamai is a very attractive company for people to come to. So we're not having an issue whatsoever with attracting talent. We just put together a very aggressive hiring plan. Sometimes, hiring shifts from quarter-to-quarter. We want to make sure, obviously, we're hiring the best people. And so I think that we're quite diligent to make sure that the caliber of people that we're bringing on board are the caliber that we want. Relative to Q3, we're not going to -- I'm not going to guide by business unit. I can tell you that we expect strong growth again across the portfolio. So it isn't weighted to any one area. I'd say you should expect that the growth will be pretty balanced across the portfolio again.
James Benson: No. It's not really connected. I mean, again, we end up -- you end up having to -- for many of these network deployments, they take 3 to 6 months as far as planning. And sometimes, you have vendors and sometimes the vendors are maybe supposed to ship you goods at the end of a quarter and they slip by maybe a week or 2. So you really -- it's really only notable things like that. And then some of the facility expansion that I mentioned, sometimes in certain states and in certain countries, the buildouts take longer based on kind of just challenges with getting permits and things of that nature. There's nothing noteworthy, other than just things that are kind of normal that tend to move kind of from quarter-to-quarter and month-to-month.
James Benson: Yes. And I think, in general, there's a lot of things that obviously affect revenue growth, right? The sales productivity is but one aspect. Obviously, traffic volumes, pricing volumes or pricing impacts. There's a lot of things that affect growth, but we are very pleased with the hiring that we made on sales. We are very pleased with kind of the overall productivity that we're seeing across the business. I'm not going to guide beyond the current quarter. You can obviously see from the Q3 guide that we're guiding to a pretty strong guide again, a continuation of what was strong growth in Q1, strong growth in Q2, expected strong growth in Q3. And certainly, the sales reps that we are hiring are selling into the installed base more of our solutions, as well as selling off the installed base. So, in general, I think -- we track it by cohort class. I can't tell you that every single rep is tracking to our expectations because that would -- that's not true, but you wouldn't have expected that anyway. And I think, in general, the reps by cohort class are tracking pretty well, and I think the expectations that we set earlier, we're still comfortable with that and the investments that we're making and the return that we're going to get.
James Benson: Sure. I think we told you in the -- after the last quarter's earnings, we're not going to break Prolexic out separately. But what I can tell you is what I shared last time is Prolexic's run rate was about $5 million a month. So call it $15 million a quarter, so you have a frame of reference of roughly the size of Prolexic. And relative to the customer ads on the security front, you're right, we were very pleased. This is kind of the first full quarter of having Prolexic and our broader security portfolio. We have not added that many of kind of net new customers in the security portfolio really in -- I don't think ever. So we're quite pleased with that traction, and we expect that the demand for our security portfolio is very strong.
James Benson: Yes. I mean, I think we had an extraordinarily strong performance in security growth rate in Q1. If you take kind of the 30% growth rate, even if you do the math that you just suggested, you're talking about a 20% rough growth rate for Q2. I mentioned that the custom government business was lighter, so projects in Q2 were lighter. That is in the performance and security portfolio. That's one element of the portfolio that tends to be a little bit lumpier based on projects that you have with the federal government. But we were quite pleased with the growth rates that we saw in performance and security. And there are going to be things, quarter-to-quarter, like custom projects. I recall, last Q2 we had a very strong quarter last Q2. We talked about -- we had a very strong custom government quarter last Q2. And we also talked about the fact that we had a very, very large upgrade of our IP accelerator solution with one particularly large customer. So kind of having the wraparound effect of that. But organically, across kind of the performance and security portfolio, we're quite pleased with the growth rates.
James Benson: Yes, I mean, I would say -- one proof point is kind of the question I was asked earlier, the kind of the -- call it the net security kind of customers add of over 250, I think tells you that those were sold to the existing installed base. Those were not off the -- most of those were not off the installed base. Most of those were kind of embedded into the installed base. So I think we're doing early signs of traction with Prolexic, we're getting good penetration. I think we're getting decent penetration across the board. I can tell you, though, a lot of room for growth beyond that, that we still have very low penetration rates of kind of security with kind of our broader customer base. So we think this is a huge opportunity to kind of sell more security and sell more of our broader offerings to our customers, as well as off the installed base. So I think there's a lot of opportunity for incremental growth.
James Benson: So I'll take the hiring kind of question. So I'd say again, we're not going to provide guidance of how many sales hires. We did that last year, I think, because we were trying to make a point that the company was hiring more sales reps last year, I think, than we had in the last 5 years combined. We're going to hire a similar -- roughly similar amount this year, whether it's 100, whether it's 80 remains to be seen. And it's not so much pushing out hiring. I just want to make sure that I'm clear that we're not pushing out hiring from Q2 to Q3. This was hiring that we had aggressive hiring plans for the first half of the year. Some of that hiring has moved into Q3, but it's not like this conscious push to Q3. And from a sales perspective, that I'd say our sales hiring is tracking pretty well.
James Benson: Again, I'm not going to provide guidance by business, but I can tell you that our expectation is you're going to see strong growth across the entire portfolio. And I think you correctly outlined it that we're pretty bullish, that's why the guidance is pretty strong here at the midpoint. We're expecting a continuation of kind of strong performance in media, strong performance in performance and security and strong performance in service and support.
James Benson: So on the renewal front, I'll let take that, I'll let Tom comment on the security landscape. But I think you kind of answered the question yourself, which is that we have large customers that renew every quarter, and we're going to continue to see large customers renew every quarter. There's nothing more notable in that. Obviously, I shared a few quarters ago one specific customer because they were our largest customer, and they were a customer that was pretty darn close to a 10% revenue customer so -- but I think, outside of that customer, it's just standard renewal that happen every quarter and a handful of large customers.
James Benson: I mean -- I think we do it every quarter, we do it every year. You're right. Notably, over the last 3 years, it's been a pretty impressive improvement in gross margins for the company. And I have to kind of really give the credit to our network and media team, they've just done a fantastic job, and you can expect that we're going to continue to have ongoing platform efficiency initiatives that can kind of maintain the level of gross margins that we have. I'm not calling, obviously, in the guidance that it's going to improve, but I think we can maintain the margins at the levels that we're currently at.
James Benson: Yes. Again, we continue to make progress on driving kind of the bandwidth per kind of megabit per second down. So our bandwidth costs continue to trend down nicely, not on an actual dollar basis, but kind of on a per-bit basis. And the same is true for co-location costs. So we have a whole playbook that is focused on areas that are going to be able to reduce bandwidth costs. Areas that can help us reduce co-location costs, areas that can help us build kind of reduced costs and optimized costs associated with kind of network broader buildout. So you can expect that we're going to continue to kind of initiate all those initiatives, not just this quarter, but the second half of the year and beyond.
James Benson: And on the EBITDA question. I'm not going to provide guidance obviously beyond Q3, but I think I said kind of in my opening comments that we expect to operate in the near term in the low-40s EBITDA. So I think you kind of have what we're expecting to do in Q3 and I think you can expect that we're going to continue to operate kind of in that range, kind of in the near term.
F. Thomson Leighton: I would say that's pretty similar to how it's been for many years. As we've often talked about, there's a lot of competitors. And the very biggest companies also do it themselves, or try to, in some cases. And I anticipate that continuing as we move forward.
F. Thomson Leighton: Not really, no. We've seen the press there. Our relationship with Verizon continues as it has been with Verizon Enterprise Services. And we don't see a lot of EdgeCast in the marketplace and certainly don't see them in the security area.
F. Thomson Leighton: I would say our solution, now that we're combined with Prolexic, is very compelling. And we're seeing high growth rates and a lot of traction there. There are a lot of competitors. Our approach is different. It's the new way of doing things, in the cloud. And that's very compelling when you have these large attacks where you really can't defend yourself by buying a box and sticking it in your data center and even your carrier really can't effectively defend you against these very large attacks. So we're seeing excellent traction. And over time, I think you're seeing us take share from the traditional way of doing things and add to the overall growth of the market with a new way of doing things. So the business is growing very rapidly.
F. Thomson Leighton: Sure. That's an investment in very early stage startups. Of course, Akamai has its roots in the 50k competition at MIT. And Israel is a great place for hiring security talent. It's a great place for startups and security startups. And so that's a really good place for us to partner with Microsoft in investing and supporting early-stage security companies. You hope for a long-term payoff there. We have a large and growing presence in Israel where we base a lot of our security development. So it's a perfect location for us. We have a great partnership with Microsoft, and it just makes a lot of sense all the way around.
F. Thomson Leighton: I would say the penetration is small and growing. We see significant uplift in pricing, and there's significant interest, of course, in the product with the situational awareness, the optimization for cellular communication and making the website be really fast for a variety of situations with the end user, a variety of devices and a variety of locations. So Ion is a strong product, financially, with plenty of room for growth. So the overall penetration is still low, as with security, but achieving good success in terms of the upsell and, of course, in terms of the performance capabilities.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, to the second question. We're seeing across the board a very rapid growth in the penetration of mobile devices. On aggregate, you can think of roughly half of transactions being done with a mobile device now. Now traffic measured by bits is lower, a lower percentage, because when you're doing video and so forth, you'll tend to get lower bit rates to those devices. And most of the wireless device traffic and transactions are on Wi-Fi. So it's not cellular coming out of a tower. Cellular is still a relatively small percentage overall, but also growing.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. We have a rich roadmap ahead in security. The next area for us that you'll start to see products is on client reputation database, where we're looking at a particular client and trying to decide are they a legitimate user or is it an attacker of some kind or some kind of a bot, which might be a friendly bot or an unfriendly bot. And providing that information to our customers as a request comes in so that they can decide do they want to accept the request, alert the request or block the request. Even if the request itself doesn't look malicious, maybe that's because it's a new form of attack that hasn't been seen before. Or maybe it's some kind of a bot that they decide that they don't want to admit to the site. So that's the next product that we're working on and that we hope to have a beta version available later this year. And there's a rich roadmap from there that yes we might well be doing things like URL filtering and preventing man-in-the-middle attacks. I don't know about email filtering, that's not coming up anytime soon, that we get into the email business per se. But I think there'll be a very rich roadmap for security, especially as we do more and more with enterprises and their traffic.
F. Thomson Leighton: In terms of the competitive landscape for the security products, I would say the dominant players out there today where most of the revenue goes are the folks that build devices that you would deploy in your data center. Now the big problem with that as we move forward is that the attacks are so large in many cases that the connectivity at the data center becomes overwhelmed. So even if the device is doing a good job, it never gets a chance really, and then the site is DoS-ed or brought down. Carriers, many of them provide security solutions. Many of them also we sell Akamai. The carriers will try to provide some kind of a clean pipe. And again, you have the capacity challenges. The carrier solutions often are not able to inspect the packets that really limits what they can do. They take a while to be turned on, which can be a problem, they're sort of reactive and slow to react. And they can hurt the performance of the site. So even when they can defend the site, the site is sort of compromised in terms of its ability to do its job performance-wise. I think you're starting to see -- there's a lot of start-ups out there claiming to have various kind of security products. You see the CDNs, some of them trying to have a security offering. I think for the state-of-the-art attacks out there, really, our solution, combined now with Prolexic, provides really something that's special, and that you just can't get other places that really works. And Akamai is a performance company and so we've made sure that when we're defending the site and filtering the traffic, there's not a big performance degradation. The site still is going to work really fast, and it could be on in a proactive manner. We have enormous scale compared to any of the competitors because our servers are inside over 1,200 networks. As we talked about earlier, we'll deliver a World Cup game at 7 terabits a second, and the big attacks out there that overwhelm a lot of the competing services are a tiny fraction of that. So we have tremendous scale to bring to bear to defend websites, and I think that's why you see the business growing so fast with a lot of the marquee brands now turning to Akamai for the next generation of security defenses.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, sure. Now, tomorrow, Cisco is making their new router that has what's called Akamai Connect or Akamai software on board generally available. So that hits the marketplace tomorrow. Obviously, we're very interested to see that product become successful in the market. The beta test results are excellent. The product provides significant offload for the WAN and the branch office connectivity. So it allows that infrastructure to do a lot more and it provides significant speedup for branch office applications, Internet access, the basic kinds of things you want to be doing in the branch office. And so, we're very optimistic. That's a product that will be sold by Cisco in the Cisco channel. We're obviously supporting that as best we can, but that's a Cisco-led effort with Akamai software on board. There is a rich roadmap beyond that first product to do more, and we have a very good relationship with Cisco in R&D and are looking forward to the release tomorrow.
F. Thomson Leighton: Obviously, as -- if and when 4K becomes more widespread, that provides dramatic increase in traffic for every hour of video that's watched online. 4K has obviously not penetrated the market yet. We do support it on our platform, but it's not widely adopted. Traffic is growing at a rapid rate. There is the potential over a period of several to many years for several orders of magnitude of growth in the online traffic. Of course, pricing is going to need to come down, and we've talked in the past about the many things we're doing to make video be more affordable online. But on balance, when you multiply the traffic growth rates with the price reductions, we believe that revenues have a lot of room for growth going forward. And we're very bullish about our media business, as I've talked about before. Of course, as customers get larger and push more traffic, they do get traffic discounts, but that's already factored into our estimates as we look forward.
F. Thomson Leighton: Sure. First on the mobile question, as I mentioned before, we're seeing a rapid penetration of mobile devices that if you measure in terms of applications that we would transact, roughly half being on a mobile device. Now the large majority of that is on Wi-Fi so, ultimately, it's going across a landline connection. Still, a small fraction of mobile is over cellular. And also, if you measure not by transactions but by gigabytes delivered, mobile will have a lower penetration because you don't tend to get the really high-def video that takes a lot of traffic going to a mobile device that's -- usually you're going to send that to a much larger screen that's a fixed device. Yes, we do have tremendous advantages and scalability, but also in sophistication and capability of our defenses. Now in terms of the question on network compute, we do offer compute kinds of capabilities in the specific use case of your website and something that needs to be done for the website. So for example, say, you're an automotive site and you want to do a car configurator so that the user can design their car online, well that kind of thing can be supported by Akamai's platform. I don't think you're going to see us go into direct competition with EC2 or with Google in terms of building out gigantic data centers just for compute capabilities -- for generic compute capability. We are focused around making a website and a web app be fast, reliable and secure. And so we will offer capabilities that support that in terms of storage or compute and delivery, not generic compute for the sake of compute.
F. Thomson Leighton: No. I wouldn't say that we see competition from Google. Google does a lot of delivering of content, of course, and they do a lot of that themselves, but that's not really directly competitive to Akamai. We worry about all of the large guys out there in terms of what their capabilities are, but we don't really see them in the marketplace competing for our business.
F. Thomson Leighton: All right. Let me take the first question on competition. And again, the competition really depends on the product area. It's different for video delivery or media delivery than it is from making a web application be super fast for mobile, and that's different than the competition for security. Now in terms of your specific questions about networks as competitors, I'd say there's been a lot of improvement there over the last few years. For example, AT&T used to be a large competitor for Akamai. And now, they're one of our largest partners. Orange in France, Telefonica in Spain, KT in Korea, Swisscom, Turk Telecom, a lot of the world's leading carriers have switched from a model of competing with us, either by buying CDN capabilities from a vendor or developing it themselves, to using Akamai's technology. So they're part of the Akamai family and they integrate very well with us and resell our products. So I'd say that, yes, there's some carriers out there that compete with us, for sure, but that I would say the trend is more that they are moving to work cooperatively with Akamai. And that's because I think we offer the most compelling solutions when it comes to making a website or an app be fast, reliable and secure. And we can do that at a better cost and a better performance than they've been able to do on their own. It is certainly true that any large media company, to your other -- your point, will be looking at do-it-yourself. I think we've said probably for 15 years now, that do-it-yourself is our largest competitor, and you can certainly find examples of that. That said, a lot of the folks that do that still use us for a lot of their business, and they do that again because we do really a very good job of accelerating their content and defending their websites at a very good price point. And there's some pretty high-profile examples of major media companies that did try to build it themselves, spent years doing it and ultimately gave up and returned to Akamai. So I think do-it-yourself is always going to be a factor in the marketplace for us with the very largest media companies. I don't think direct peering makes sense or you'll actually see that for any but a very small number, maybe a handful of the big media guys. The complexity of trying to manage direct peering with 12 dozens or hundreds or thousands of the ISPs out there is really complicated, and the expense in doing that is quite significant. And so it just doesn't make sense to even be tried for any but a handful of the big media guys. So that really doesn't worry me very much.
