Tom Leighton: Well, Edge refers to our platform, which really is unique in the sense that -- we're in 4,000 locations. We're in 1,000 cities. We are uniquely close to the end users out there, the billions of end users around the world. Other companies talk about edge, and they might be in a couple of dozen locations, a factor of 100 or less. And because we're close, that's really important, because we're going to give better performance. If you're closer, the latency is less, and it's going to be faster.  Also, if you're close, you got access to the bandwidth and the scale. And that's why we have so much more scale than the other CDNs. And that's really important to customers that have a lot of traffic, the big OTT providers and the big software downloaders. And that's why so much of their business comes to Akamai. Also, being in those locations gives us a huge advantage on cost, because in the large fraction of those 4,000 locations, we don't pay for bandwidth and colo and power. And so it's free for us with the infrastructure. We pay for our CapEx. But our competitors aren't there. There our competitors are in big data centers, and that is the most expensive real estate in the world. And so we're in a position that we can provide compelling pricing to the major enterprises out there. And our competitors, if they're going to do that, they have to do it losing money, and that's not sustainable.  Now any one of the many competitors we have out there, all, generally speaking, much, much smaller, at any given time, they could take on some traffic and show some high percentage growth on very small numbers. But it's hard to sustain that when you don't really have a sustainable advantage. And then you see that happen as the traffic -- some of the traffic share moves around among the smaller players.  Now in addition, it's not just about CDN and delivering traffic, it's accelerating the traffic. It's providing functionality on the edge close to the end user. And I talked about a lot of examples that where we're doing that today. And of course, processing a lot of the API transactions, which are tied to functionality, over 100 trillion so far this year. And then you have the security aspect, which our CDN competitors, by and large, don't have. They make partner with other companies or start-ups to have some security story. But that's now $1 billion business for Akamai and growing at over 20%. And security is just really vital for our customers and it works in tandem with the application acceleration, with the Edge computing, all is one service, all on one platform. And if you're not on the edge, there's no hope to withstand the large attacks that we're seeing today.
Tom Leighton: Sure. I think we'd see strong security growth with or without COVID. There are some of our products that are really helpful for enterprises as they have more of a remote workforce. And so we did see uptick in bookings there. So I think there's some help. The attack rates have gone way up. And I do think some of that has tied to COVID. Now whether we see the ransom DDoS attacks that are widespread just in the last couple of months, we might have seen that anyway. Maybe there's an increase because the price is bigger now. If you're attacking a commerce company that has 90% of their business in brick-and-mortar, well, they care about the 10% for sure, but when all of their business is online, now they really really care. So there is a bigger price, and maybe that's incented the attackers to up the attack level or maybe that's just the world we're living in, where we're going to be seeing more and more attacks, even if we get COVID under control. And I can tell you, we see a lot of attacks in Asia Pacific just like we do here and in Europe. Even though in APJ, COVID is largely under control there and operations are largely returned to normal. And yet the attacks -- the ransom DDoS attacks are just as -- increasing just as fast over there. In fact, one of the national stock exchanges that was taken offline that is now an Akamai customer was in Asia Pacific.  In terms of the 30%, we do think that's a good place to operate the company over the longer term. And we're -- that said, we're going to do everything we can to operate as efficiently as possible and you see that this year. This year, we've been doing over 30%. And so if we can do that and continue to make the investments we want to make to achieve long-term growth in the business, then we will. But I think the right way to think about it is 30% is a good baseline and when we can overachieve that, we're going to do that.
Tom Leighton: Certainly, we'd like to do that. We're seeing very strong growth in Kona Site Defender and Prolexic. And Kona Site defender is our web app firewall product. Bot Manager doing very well, and the next-generation of that will be even stronger at preventing account takeover. Security services business we talked about is doing very well. And I think with the increase in attacks and the sophistication of attacks, we're seeing even more demand for our security services. It's just too hard for even major enterprises to keep up. And then you have the newer solutions, our enterprise services, Enterprise Application Access, Enterprise Threat Protector, now equipped with the first version of our Secure Web Gateway. We're going into beta with our multifactor authentication service next month. As we talked about, our Page Integrity Manager, which sits on top of Kona, off to a great start. We'd like to see that track the way that Bot Manager did getting out of the gate.  And of course, we announced today -- and I'm really excited about the Asavie acquisition. I think that opens up a whole new category for us that we'll see accelerated growth as we get more 5G deployments as you see more IoT applications out there. And what that does is it sends all the cellular traffic safely and directly to Akamai before it gets on to the Internet. And in that way, we can really protect enterprises and their cellular devices. And I think that's a market that is very exciting for the future.
Tom Leighton: Yes. As we talked about and we're continuing to gain share, if you exclude the 59 Chinese apps where obviously government regulation has lessened the traffic we're delivering there. And that's based on our scale and performance and ability to offer market competitive prices for our customers. And so I think you've seen that trend over the last couple of years, we've talked about it. We put a lot of effort into continuing to improve performance, continuing to improve our scale and on a global basis. And that puts us in a great position against the competition in the market. And you're right, the 4x is obviously not COVID. COVID did improve traffic, there's no question about that, but nothing like 4x.
Tom Leighton: Very, very strong. Well north of 90% of the top commerce companies rely on Akamai for application acceleration, and also importantly, increasingly importantly, security. And as I mentioned before, now that these companies, a lot of them, most all of their business is online. And so security really, really matters now, and we're obviously the go-to supplier there.
Tom Leighton: Okay. Well, yes, OTT is certainly increasing, and a lot of the offers are seeing substantial success. Obviously, some are doing better than others. But I do think OTT is here to stay. Obviously, got tailwinds from the pandemic. But I think people are -- as they view more online, that becomes more of the pattern and that will outlive the pandemic. Of course, I think we'd all like to get back to a world when you can go out and see a movie, probably not going to be anytime soon here in the Americas or in EMEA. And I think more and more of the movie watching and TV shows will be watched online. DIY is something that you know that we exist in a few of the largest content providers. And I don't think we've seen a huge shift there. You can sort of track that with our -- the cloud giant customers, which has been fairly steady over the last year or so. It's really hard to build out something like that for yourself. It costs hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars, if not more, you end up spending more than you would with Akamai, and you don't get the quality you get with Akamai. And not only that, if you're a global company, you got to do it all around the world, that's just -- it doesn't make sense. Now some of the biggest companies do it, and I think you'll continue to see that. But there's not been a real fundamental shift there.
Tom Leighton: Yes, sure. So, yes, you are right to point out, it’s actually not India that was impacted, it was actually China because the customers that were impacted, the 59 Chinese apps, we serve about 30 of them. Those were actually customers in China. So China revenue, obviously, was a bit more challenged this quarter. Actually, India was actually one of the areas of strength. What I was encouraged by is I saw in many different countries, in all different geographies, so Latin America, Brazil and Mexico, over in Europe, we saw strength in the UK, Germany in the Netherlands. And then over in Asia, we saw strength in Australia, Indonesia and continued strength in Japan. So it's really across the board. We're very pleased with international growth. And if you think about coming into a quarter where you're losing $15 million of revenue from your international customer base and to be able to still grow sequentially and grow 20% year-over-year, it's very impressive. And as I've talked about in other calls, I think we have a unique advantage in the industry from an international perspective. We made the investments early on in sales and building out our network and our capabilities that I think it's a huge advantage for us, and we’ve done remarkably well, not only in just delivering media but also in security.
Tom Leighton: I'd say it's more broad-based. Certainly, the early days, it was all about media delivery and application acceleration. The U.S. market was the first to adopt the security solutions. But now security is becoming a really nice growth engine for us internationally.
Tom Leighton: Yes, we continue to be very active in looking at potential deals. Obviously, it's a little trickier with the pandemic because travel is restricted, but that's not preventing us from doing transactions, as you saw from today's announcement. I would say so far the pandemic really hasn't impacted market caps very much, that may happen at some point depending on what happens with the global economy. So, I would say it's business as usual right now.
Tom Leighton: Yes, so it depends exactly what you're referring to. But if it's a gaming tournament, where a lot of people are watching, yes, we do that already. And that creates a fair amount of traffic. If it's a situation where an individual's game and their screen is being streamed, we don't do that very much. We will handle the metadata and the security around that. The economics around streaming individuals, what they would see on their screen, that's pretty challenging. People have been working at that, the big gaming companies for well over a decade and haven't really gotten the economics to work. But we would handle the metadata, the security, the log-ins, the leader board, all that kind of stuff, we handle. It's just the individual stream is not so economical. 
Tom Leighton: Yes. We compete well with Zscaler there. I would say that the vast majority of the competition is the traditional CPE vendors and the traditional ways of doing things. And our value proposition is that we can do it in the cloud. That's a lot easier and more secure. And we can -- once we have it and we're providing the access, we can layer in Kona Site Defender and our other technologies, which the other companies don't have. And that makes it a superior service. So I'm optimistic about the future growth there, and even though we compete with Zscaler and we compete well, really, the 2 of us are out there competing against the traditional way of doing things.
Tom Leighton: Yes. So I think if you look the last couple of quarters, certainly, Q2 was -- we saw a big jump due to the pandemic and the additional traffic that we've got on. The good news is we've been able to maintain the traffic and even fill in the divot that was caused by the $15 million in Q4. And you're right to point out the fact that, that revenue was gone and I talked about an additional $4 million if this U.S. ban goes into effect here coming up in mid-November. Last Q4 was an exceptionally strong quarter-over-quarter. There's a few things if you want to look at kind of comparing the jump that we normally see from Q3 to Q4. We just talked about the -- those applications, the Chinese applications is one piece. As you recall, in Q2, I talked about some license revenue, it was about $7 million that we saw from our carrier business. That traditionally we see in Q4 and we saw in Q4 last year, we're not expecting that again. So that's a piece of it.  And then the other thing that is a little bit different this year. If you recall, back in Q2 of 2019, we had our customer conference, and we introduced our zero overage offering to our Web Division customers. And that was really a response to customers who are looking for more predictable spend with Akamai. You can imagine retailers are the ones who mostly go for this offering. And again, it's web, it's not for media customers. And that's to smooth out some of the different holidays and various peaks that they have in their business. Now that's been in the market now for about 18 months. So we're starting to see some pretty good uptake on that. And what that means is you just see a little bit of a flattening out your seasonality.
Tom Leighton: Yes, great question. So I'll start with the second one. We didn't -- you're right, we didn't see as much of a seasonal dip. I did see a little bit in Europe towards the end of the quarter. You got to remember that we also have been in kind of a partial lockdown for most of the summer. So I would say that, that probably adds to it. We do typically see a seasonal dip here in Q3. But again, outside of a little bit in Europe, I didn't really see much across the world. So that was a good trend for us.  And your first question was around security growth of 23%. What's making it up? I think the question was around new versus existing. Primarily, the biggest growth is from existing customers. Today, we have about 61% roughly of our customers buy security from us. And our new customer acquisition is led by security, but in the recurring revenue business in any given quarter new customers aren't going to add a ton to the revenue pile. So it's typically your existing customers.  And then the other question on as customers contract with us for multiple services. It tends to be -- sometimes it could be demand driven. So if you have something like a ransomware attack, you have an emergency integration, you just add that to your contract. In other times, it can be upon renewal where you're adding functionality, so somebody might be Kona Site Defender customer they want to add Bot Manager. We're seeing some really good early uptake with customers, that our Kona Site Defender customers that are adding Page Integrity. And that could be done mid contract, if we go in and just add it to your contract. Typically, you have some form of an MSA with your customer and you can just add that product fairly easily.
Tom Leighton: In that business, I'd say a majority of it is contractual. There is some volumetric components to security. But really, when you think about the business in total, the big variable in terms of volumes is in the media business.
Tom Leighton: That's a good question, probably a quarter, maybe a third at the most. It depends on the quarter. In a quarter like this, Q4, where you have stronger seasonality, you'll see a little bit more than normal. But the majority of the business is contractual.
Tom Leighton: Sure. So in terms of managed security services, I don't have a customer number here for you. We'll probably give you a more fulsome security update later when we get to next year. But it's still growing at double-digits, which is great. So managed security services has been actually really a key differentiator for us. What we're finding is while we've built tools for customers to be able to manage their security products on their own, a lot of times, they want us to do it for them. For example, Bot Manager, we're finding that there's a lot of demand for managed Bot Manager. It doesn't sound like the greatest product name, but it’s descriptive of what's happening. And then on the Kona Site Defender side, managing firewall rules can be complicated, and oftentimes, customers would like us to do that as well.
Tom Leighton: Great. No, really good question. There is not a lot of overlap there. Their primary capability is to take the traffic from a cellular device and vector it through the carrier into what today is their platform. Now we are going to take that in vector it into the Akamai platform, and then we can layer in our enterprise security capabilities, our application firewall capabilities, Secure Web Gateway, make sure that traffic stays secure, so that the device doesn't end up going to a site with malware, or -- and if it does, to make sure that malware doesn't get back on the device. And so there's a very little overlap in capabilities, but very strong synergy. And the really nice thing is that their technology doesn't need to make use of a client. And a lot of the devices out there, especially in IoT, may not be equipped with that kind of capability. They'll just go straight with a cellular connection. And also, there's no way around it because it's handled with the SIM card layer So it's not a situation like with a normal device where the user can sort of get around any corporate security and go where they want and then get malware on the device and bring it back into the enterprise.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So obviously, gaming has been a business that's changed for us quite a bit over the last couple of years. You see the multi-player gaming has changed the dynamics. And if you think about the consoles that are coming online, obviously, 2 major players, it's been say, 4, 5 years since we've had a major upgrade cycle. So I would say you can kind of throw history out, this is sort of a new chapter. I think it could be a good source of upside for us. In terms of its contribution, we don't break it out specifically, but I would say it's probably the second largest contributor in our media business next to video. So as I talked about in the guidance section that this could be a source of upside. And it's hard to tell, we'll know when we get there, but this could last into the early part of next year as some of the publishers come up with new games and the consumers are buying the new consoles, they have to update the system with firmware and then catchup with all the old games that they had.  So I think this is a pretty good trend for us. It's hard to predict whenever you have something that's large. And as you rightly pointed out, the game downloads, the frequency and the size are only increasing.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Great question. So obviously, this year was a pretty big year for CapEx. And we've really been on the journey here for the last, call it, 18 months, where we've increased the capacity of the network. And I'm glad we did. I think Tom and the team made a great decision to do this. Obviously, we couldn't have predicted the pandemic, but we had a lot of new OTT launches coming. And as we talked about just a few minutes ago on gaming, that's becoming more and more challenging because customers want to get their games at the same time. And that requires a lot more capacity. And so we spent quite a bit on CapEx. We actually took advantage of some bulk purchases here at the end of the year. We've added a tremendous amount to our capacity. So I would expect next year to be back in sort of the normal level of CapEx and down several points from what we're seeing today.
Ed McGowan: Yes. In terms of the verticals, obviously, the financial vertical is huge, as you can imagine, for security. Commerce, increasingly important as more of their business moves online. And interestingly enough, big media, gaming sites are now seeing a lot of attacks, new sites, obviously, especially during an election cycle, are big targets. And OTT sites and protecting accounts there is really important. So pretty much any big brand name is a big buyer of our security services.
Ed McGowan: Yes, great question. So yes, definitely a nice upside surprise for us. As I mentioned on the last call, we did do repricing with 2 large customers in that cohort. And typically, it takes, call it, 6 to 9 months to get back to traffic levels where your revenue sort of gets back to where it started from. We were able to do that and more here in Q3. So that was great, and it was a big jump in traffic from a couple of customers. So really good news there. And I would say, in terms of this year -- remainder of this year, Q4 tends to be a pretty strong quarter. So I'd expect something in this range, maybe a touch higher.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So why don't I start with the last one and my way back. So as far as the acquisition goes, yes, I mean, that's the way the math would work out for this quarter. Just keep in mind that when you go through purchase accounting and you do your integration costs and things like that, there's some movement there. We'll give you an update on how much revenue contribution this will be for next year when we do our next call. But yes, you're thinking about it in a way. But in terms of like how much growth add-on and things like that, we'll update you as we get few months into the integration and have a plan fully built out.  For 2020, '21, you talked about pricing and volumes. It's just a standard part of the business. We'll always have some number of customers that are up for renewal at any given time, average contract length is typically 18 months and from a year to 2, sometimes you get a little longer. So at any given time, you're going to have renewals. I think we've done a good job of calling out when there's anything that's unusual, meaning you have a big group of customers that are all coming up at once or we talked about last year when we had some big acquisitions with some of our customers acquiring each other. We'll continue to do that, but there's really nothing to call out at this point, and we'll be giving you a full update on '21 in the February call.  And then I think your third question was on traffic for the fourth quarter. Are we seeing anything relative to Q3? Obviously, in back-to-school fall season, we do see a slight pickup in traffic. We included that in our guidance. I think the only thing to call out is weekends, we do see elevated traffic sports, they’ve been a nice source of traffic for us and that certainly continues this year.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So I wouldn't necessarily call the contribution. I think the way I would describe it is, if you recall on the Q1 call, we talked about how the negative impact was around $5 million. And in Q2, we talked about it being $14 million. So going into the quarter, we had modeled that we would have a further negative impact. It's really hard to predict what's never been in one of these before. So it's really hard to predict what customers are going to request and ask for. So the good news there is we had very less than [$1 million] impact. As a matter of fact, we had a little bit of a positive impact in our bad debt assumptions as we had assumed with some customers that had filed for bankruptcy that have come back post-bankruptcy, were a little bit higher up on the chain there. So we were able to recover some of that money that we had to write-off. So in general, that was a positive surprise. So I wouldn't say that it was a pickup of any kind that we would expect in this quarter. I think what I outlined in the guidance section was there's a potential that if we get into a second wave, and we see customers get under a lot of stress that you could see something similar to what we've seen in prior quarters. We're not anticipating that right now. But that's obviously something as you kind of build your models and handicap that you'd want to think about. The worst the pandemic gets, the more stress the retailers are under, the more stress to travel and hospitality. Customers are under -- there's a potential that you could see a little bit of headwind there, if we have to do some things on the restructuring or credit side.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Good question. So mix is obviously something that you have to take into consideration. The good news for us, if you think about the 20 plus years we've been in this business, we've always seen unit economics where volumes go up, prices go down. We've been able to do a phenomenal job of driving down costs in our network. And the fact that we're at such a scale, there's a mix between fixed contracts versus variable contracts. We get -- as Tom mentioned, a lot of our traffic is free, and that sometimes going to include both space, power and bandwidth. So we have a whole team that is maniacally focused on that, and we continue to make improvements in our server capacity to be able to get more throughput per machine.  So obviously, as mix changes, you can have a point here or there move. But in general, I think we've done a phenomenal job maintaining margins despite the realities of the high-volume media business. So I don't know the specifics of what you're talking about with our competitor, but we don't see any significant declines in margins as a result of adding all this capacity. If anything, I think it gives us a tremendous advantage. One of the interesting things that we saw this quarter, well, I saw -- we lost a lot of traffic in India. We actually picked up a lot of traffic in India from other customers as a result of having additional capacity, you get better performance, the more capacity you have and we were able to benefit and fill in some of that gap of the $15 million we lost and some of it was released in the India region.
Ed McGowan: Yes. It’s a good question, Mark. So I would say, in terms of taxes, obviously, a lot of our earnings come from outside the U.S. So it's rumored that there's a 7% increase or whatever may come at some point. And who knows if it comes in '21 or they wait a year to put it in ‘22. It would have some impact on us. But like I said, a lot of our earnings are outside the U.S. A couple of other things to keep an eye on, though, interest rates. So with the Fed being very accommodative and interest rates at near zero, think about our reinvestment of our marketable securities. So you're going to get a lower interest rate in terms of returns. So that's going to impact your [geared view as such]. And then the last thing would be around foreign exchange.  So depending on what type of stimulus you have, if the dollar gets weaker because as a result of us printing more money, then obviously, that could be a benefit for us because the way to think about our international business is we've got -- we're profitable outside the U.S. and nearly half of our business is outside the U.S. So that can be a benefit potentially if the dollar were to get weaker. So those would be sort of the 3 areas financially that sort of jump off the page at me.
