Tom Leighton: Yes. We're seeing strong adoption across the board starting with DDoS, then we have Kona Site Defender, which protects applications from being corrupted or taken over or the Web site content from being corrupted, theft during transactions. Bot Manager as we've talked about before is our fastest new selling product and memory. The majority of transactions today are no longer human. There's bots and particularly the bots are trying to take over user accounts. The vast majority of log-ins today are not legitimate people but bots who are trying out stolen credentials. So very strong adoption across the board, and we're starting to get traction now with our Zero Trust Enterprise Security Solution. As I mentioned we signed up our first $1 million a year customer. And what was really nice about that is it came from an account that would never have likely bought our normal content delivery, Web acceleration products. So, the security business just across the board is doing very well.
Tom Leighton: It's both. The large fraction of our new customer bookings are for security today and we are getting good up sell with the new products within the existing base. For example, Bot Manager being a new product with our enterprise security offerings, early days, but there's both new customers like the one that became our $1 million customer, they weren't a customer before, but also selling that within existing accounts. So, I would say both are strong new customers and upselling the new security offerings within existing accounts.
Tom Leighton: Yes. We anticipate continuing a very strong growth rate probably not in the 30s over the next couple of years, but I would say certainly in the mid-20%. We did benefit last year from the acquisition of Nominum and their security products, which are doing quite well, but with the acquisition we got a boost in 2018. In terms of pricing; the pricing is very strong. We have unique capabilities and they are very much needed by major enterprises. So, we're in a very strong position there to be able to maintain growth.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Some of the largest Internet platform companies have do-it-yourself efforts. They are used for large software downloads, some basic delivery. Our services we believe are a lot more effective at doing this offer, a lot more scalability and higher quality and that's the reason there's so few of the companies that really could think about affording to do what themselves because that's a big cost for them. I don't see any fundamental change in that landscape. In general, the competitive landscape as a whole hasn't really changed all that much. There's a lot of competitors, the folks that have been doing CDM for a long, long time, plenty of startups out there trying to get in the business. And of course, the do-it-yourself. No fundamental change. We, I think continue to gain share and we do that through superior performance, competitive pricing, the largest scale that's available on the Internet and increasingly our security solutions are very helpful for us in terms of gaining share especially with the performance solutions. We sell packages protect and perform, in the same platform that accelerates the side or delivers the content secures it and security is really important for our customers and nobody really is in a position to offer the kinds of capabilities that we do there.
Tom Leighton: Doing very well. Obviously, early days, but we had very strong bookings this year up substantially over 2017. And so, and we're anticipating even stronger bookings next year. So, I would say we're very pleased with the progress in enterprise security. I think in the long run, it should be a bigger business than the Web security business. You think about enterprises more of them, almost all of them in fact care about enterprise security. And only really certain verticals are focused on Web security, which is our current product set. And the amount of money that enterprises spend today on firewalls and trying to prevent data breaches is much greater than what companies will spend on securing a Web site. So, I think the market's bigger and I think we're really at the cusp of a major change in how enterprises secure themselves. The notion of Zero Trust what everybody is talking about that now. Take years for enterprises really to fully make the transition, but the first customers now are embracing that and adopting Zero Trust Solutions. So, I think a very exciting future.
Tom Leighton: Yes. So, a couple of things there. And I'll start with the back, the last part of the question around pricing. Really pricing in the media space is really driven by volume. So, there's really no difference in terms of high volume with OTT customer or high-volume software download customer. We do tend to get additional value on our OTT space from security sales and professional services et cetera. But in terms of the traffic expectations as we look at the guidance, we take a look at the customers that we have today, we've got pretty good trends and track record in terms of understanding how their businesses grow. As we look out, I talked a little bit about some of the launches that may be coming at the back half of '19 and '20. We tend to take a bit of a conservative approach there for a variety of reasons. Many of the things that go into an OTT launch that went past us really revolve around traffic growth and there's a lot to think about in terms of the exact date of the launch, sometimes launches can be moved. It is very complex technology and workflows that are involved. Sometimes customers want to launch them either in a limited fashion. It's really not until it gets to be a service that is a market that we really get a good handle in terms of what we expect in terms of volumes. Also, other things that impacted is the service of paid subscription services is ad supported, what is the user adoption, what's our share of traffic, what's the engagement time of the user, what's the bit rate? So, as we look at 2019 any of these OTT offerings that are coming in the back half of the year were very, very conservative in terms of the adoption rate, the impact on outcome.
Tom Leighton: And on your question about selling the security solutions, we've made a lot of progress there. Pretty much all of the sales force is expected to be able to sell security solutions and they're doing that with the Kona sales, the CSO, with a security organization pretty much always involved there even though that's sold to for the Web site. With the Bot Manager product and being all about fraud prevention there that's the security organization typically heavily engaged with that. Prolexic that's a data center protection level sale really nothing to do with the Web site per se. It protects all the assets in the data center. So, there we're dealing with the data center networking security side of the house. We're putting a lot of effort in our marketing to get better known as a security company. Past year we hired a new Global Head of Web Sales, Scott Lovett who's well-known as a security expert. In fact, the large majority of our new customer bookings are led by security now. So, I would say we're doing very well and making the transition in terms of a sales force that sells CDN to a sales force that sells security. Now the Zero Trust Solutions is the next step in that direction. And we're off to a good start there.
Tom Leighton: I think the vast majority of it will be WAF and DDoS in 2020. We do command a very strong share because we have really unique capabilities there in the market. Now that said, over the longer term we're looking for the non-WAF items particularly enterprise security, Zero Trust to drive a lot of growth. We also get smaller contributions would be from Nominum with their enterprise security solutions that we sell actually to carriers and they provide it as a channel. And there's smaller pieces here and there with the fast DNS, but the vast majority is WAF and DDoS. And I think it'll take a little bit of time for the other pieces really, which will be led by enterprise security and the Zero Trust solutions to be a big share of that. I would count Bot Manager as part of WAF, when I say Bot Manager that's part of WAF because that's a very fast growing product and that's a pretty good share of what we'll see in 2020.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Without talking about timing, we work with all the companies that have been rumored to have OTT offers. When Ed talked about before, it's really hard to predict timing and scale success, adoption and those kinds of things. So, we tend to take a pretty conservative view there in terms of our guidance. I think if you look longer term in what could be on a global basis for OTT, there's tremendous opportunity for growth. If you get to the point where the majority of TV or video watching is done online, which a lot of people think will happen and it's done at high quality say at least 10 megabits per second. There's the opportunity for orders of magnitude of increased traffic. Now timing on that is really hard to predict. As you know there's a couple of companies that either do it all themselves and so we don't participate in their revenue, but for the large majority of the OTT providers those that are setting up new services both here and globally. We have very good relationships and are in a position to benefit.
Tom Leighton: Yes. In terms of the churn rate that's all about making the customer happy providing great performance. We have great professional services. Our people are really great and the customers like that. Innovative new products. Our customers want to see a roadmap and investment and innovation to help them stay ahead of the game. A low rate of service incidents things that go wrong and we listen to our customers and engage with them. And provide them the level of service that they're looking for. So, in general our customers are very, very happy with Akamai and that's directly reflected in a very low churn rate. And we are very pleased to see it decrease further in Q4 and 2018.
Jim Benson: That's a great question. I mean this is not new for Akamai as you know. We've made tremendous progress on network efficiencies for a long, long time. And some of the things we've talked about in the past have been, we continue to implement new software to get more throughput out of our servers. And so, you certainly saw that I think because of our breadth and the amount of traffic that we serve from a bandwidth perspective, we get very favorable bandwidth pricing and in some cases, we actually get free bandwidth for our customers. The same is true for co-location that we've been able to reduce our co-location spend by reducing the footprint and getting more throughput out of the servers as I mentioned. So, I would say it's not new. It's something we've been doing for quite some time. We continue to work on engineering innovation to continue to drive that. We continue to work on things around negotiations with providers and I expect those things will continue Brad. I do think that as I outlined at our Investor Day in June that I expected that network costs and our gross margins on a cash basis would be in the high 70s. And we're ahead of where I expected to be. So, I think we should be able to stabilize those margins from where they are. And as I outlined before that on the path of 30, we're pretty close. We'll call it -- we're at roughly 28% now. And we think we're going to be able drive more efficiency out of G&A in particular. We're building out a new procurement set of capabilities and we're going to be able to drive more procurement savings we've done some facility consolidation. We'll continue to do that and we're driving some IT enablement that will allow us to take more G&A costs out. So primarily kind of going forward mostly from G&A. I'd say we're also getting some efficiencies on the go-to-market side as we build out a more efficient go-to-market model in both our Web and our media division. And so, I mean that's not going to be the bulk of where the incremental margin is going to come from it's going to largely come from G&A, but you'll also see continued improvements within sales and marketing spend.
Jim Benson: Yes. Yes. And I outlined at the Analyst Day that we'd have a big uptick kind of one-time for the new Cambridge headquarters. If you -- I think Ed outlined in his prepared remarks that if you actually adjust for that, we're actually well in line with our model that we've outlined a kind of 15% to 16% of revenue. So, the uptick in CapEx is all Cambridge headquarter related.
Jim Benson: Yes. So, as I mentioned in Q3, we'll start to see the rent expense hits in Q3 associated with the new headquarters building. Other than that there's really no onetime items in it. Obviously, as I mentioned the Limelight patent royalty going away in Q3, but other than that there's really no other onetime items. But Janrain is also something that you need to -- keep into consideration as well in margin guidance.
Jim Benson: On the R&D leverage. I mean as I outlined earlier the bigger source of leverage for the company for margin expansion is really going to come from G&A, sales and marketing to some extent and also some network costs. We did see a little bit of leverage in R&D. As you know, we capitalize a fair amount of our R&D spend for new innovation and you should you view that as good because that effectively means that new product innovation that's being incubated. We saw a bit of an uptick on that from Q3 to Q4 in our kind of capitalization activity, which has a benefit in your operating expenses. But I think by and large, we expect our R&D spend as a percent of revenue to be roughly flat over the next couple of years because we don't want to under invest in a critical area to drive growth for the company.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. This is Ed. In terms of our organic growth last year, it's [4.7%] [ph]. If you look at Nominum headed about $40 million roughly last year to the growth rate. As far as our expectations around Janrain expecting it to be approximately $20 million not significant for 2019 in terms of revenue. But we do expect to get significant traction in the marketplace with our customers and expect to see significant growth going into 2020 in new Janrain products. And as far as the organic growth, now, we're expecting [cyber] [ph] security solutions to be growing in the mid 20s as Tom talked about it and if you do the math on that basically it would suggest that the CDM and other business is roughly flat and a lot of that is driven by trends that we're seeing in media. We had a very tough compare this year in terms of media, in terms of the gaming sector. We have a number of large renewals in the first half of the year. We've got some industry consolidation that's really adding to the impact of some of those renewals and a lot of these deals were put in place about 18 to 24 months. So, I'd say that's really normal things that you see in the media and entertainment place. As far as the Web Division, we are continuing to see a little bit of pressure here in the commerce space as we talked about in the past and that's really what's adding to the flattening of our CDN and other business. We do expect to see that return to growth in 2020 as we expect to see a significant uptick in our media business going to 2020.
Ed McGowan: Yes. I said it's about $24 million FX, so it's a little less than a point. Yes, keep in mind also that I mentioned that we're taking on Janrain as well, so included in the guidance was the impact of Janrain. So, you'd have to add that back-in. So, if you add those two things roughly [net each other out] [ph].
Ed McGowan: Sure. I'll take the 2020, the confidence there. So, one thing to think about -- I will talk about media first and I'll get into the Web in a second. If you think about media, there is a odd year, even year phenomenon and I talked about in the prepared remarks that 2020 will have additional events for us that we won't see in '19. And one of the reasons why our growth rate is a little bit lower in the media business this year is the fact that we did have some large events in 2018. That's one thing. The other thing I mentioned was the -- some of the big renewals that are coming up and I touched a bit on the consolidation in the industry there's been some very, very big consolidation. And there you're taking, that will be a bit more of a decline in terms of your prices due to the fact that you've got no additional volume that's added when you put the two companies together. And also, there are a number of services for example, the companies might have professional services engagements and whittle that down to one et cetera. But these things are very temporary. And what we see is you see a decline in the business. And then as traffic ramps you see revenue grow again so that that's one thing. The other thing is that we've seen some significant security growth in both of our verticals. But sticking with media, we made a change back in the beginning of the year and our compensation plans and we saw a significant increase in our revenue from security and there's still a tremendous amount of wide space there to go. And then, in terms of the OTT offerings I talked about, if you look at some of the offerings that are coming to market. Well, I talked about -- bit about being a little bit more cautious in '19 and '2020 we feel that those offerings will start to take hold in the market and we believe we're positioned very well to do so. And part of that is addressing some of these concerns around consolidation and being -- playing the long game in terms of being a partner and helping with some of the synergies on the cost side. On the Web side, there's a number of go-to-market initiatives that we put in place. We're starting to see some pretty good traction in terms of our new customer efforts that we've put in place in 2018. We're seeing significant growth in outside the U.S. both in APJ and EMEA. We're also seeing some pretty good growth in APJ and Media as well. And then, just security in general within the Web Division, so a lot of wide space to go and then we're very optimistic about the Customer Identity Access Management demand that we expect to see there as well as an uptick in our enterprise security products. So, all of that together gives us the confidence to feel that we'll see an acceleration in 2020.
Ed McGowan: Sure. I'll take the last question. This is Ed. I'll take the last question first. Yes, we did embed the expected pricing declines in our guidance. In terms of the core CDN business, if you look at our core CDN business excluding net giants just as the giants can sometimes skew some of the results. They grew at about 4% in '17 and above 4% and '18. We're calling for roughly a flat year here as we go through some of the items that I talked about and then a return to growth. So, I think looking at that trend low single digits is probably the right way to think about that business. I think one of things that Jim pointed out some of their cost initiatives that are going on in that business, it is a very profitable business for us and it's something that we're going to continue to optimize as we go forward. And really in terms of the next big leg up in growth OTT once that becomes a significant portion of users viewing time that's the decision to begin to accelerate.
