James Benson: No, that's a very good question. You're right. It was Q1 of 2011 that we talked about kind of 8 of our top 10 media customers renewing. I think the way to frame it is, it is our largest media customer. We don't have any 10% revenue customers, but we have kind of disclosed in the past that we have had a 10% receivable customer. And so, you can -- we have a very large customer, this is that large customer that's renewing. This customer has not renewed in a few years, so you can imagine that their pricing is dated from a few years ago. I can't give you any specific details on, obviously, the pricing. We're going into the renegotiation with them now, but that gives you a little contextualize [ph] of roughly kind of how big could the customer be. The customer hasn't repriced in a few years. So the timing of when the renegotiation takes place, whether it's Q4 or Q1, will have an impact on the company's growth rates. Having said that, we talked to you in the past that, that is the nature of the media business. The media business has traffic spikes and traffic dips at times. We go through pricing renegotiations with customers. This happens to be a large customer. We certainly have optimism that the media delivery business has very strong growth opportunities for all the reasons that Tom outlined. So again, this is a common renewal process, which happens to be with a large customer. Hopefully, it gives you a little color around roughly the size, so you can kind of maybe model it without us giving you some of the specifics. But again, it will happen either in Q4 or Q1. We think it's going to happen in Q1, but what we did in our guidance range was make sure that if it did occur in Q4, that we widen the range here on the low end to make sure that we gave you that context as opposed to surprising you later.
James Benson: So, Jen, it's Jim. I'll take that. So just to clarify, our prior share repurchase programs have really been exclusively focused on offsetting dilution from the company's employee equity programs. It was only once that we asked for an incremental authorization from our board to opportunistically buy back more shares when the stock price was at a pretty low level. So our objective in the past has been annually to have a program that offsets dilution. What we're signaling here is that, given the company's cash balance, given the company's cash flow generation, we believe we have an opportunity now to not only offset dilution, but to also have the flexibility to opportunistically buyback more shares. Obviously, it will depend upon business conditions and market conditions. We continue to have and will have a very active M&A pipeline. So you can imagine the reason we outlined it for 3 years is that if the M&A pipeline is large and we think there's some transactions, obviously, we'll probably moderate the buyback. But if not, you can expect that we're going to continue to operate it as we have in that we're going to have it continue under a 10b5-1 plan that we repurchase quarterly. It will -- and it will continue to have kind of tranches. But you can expect that we're going to do more than offset dilution from equity programs. That's really the objective of this. It's really more the timing of it will depend upon the business and the overall market conditions.
James Benson: Sure. So I'll take your first question that's really around kind of renegotiations. You're right that we have pricing renegotiations with our media customers all the time. Certainly, in Q1 of 2011, you had a period where you had 8 of your top 10. This happens to be our largest customer. I would characterize that, obviously, this one will be notable because it is our largest customer. And even though they're not a 10% revenue customer, they are a very large customer. And when you have a very large customer that has not been repriced in a few years, you're going to see an impact on that. I think, beyond that, you're going to -- every quarter, you have large media customers that renew. And so, I would say -- in the horizon, I would say that nothing else is notable. You're always going to have big customers renew. This happens to be a very large customer. As far as concentration, there really hasn't been any concentration change from year-to-year. As far as the mix profile and whether we're more weighted to a handful of customers. That's not the case at all. And then, relative to the sales ramp, we're very pleased with the sales ramp. We're actually a little bit ahead of plan around sales hiring through Q3. You may recall that we came out of Q1 a little bit light. We recovered in Q2. And we're actually a little bit ahead of plan now. But having said that, it takes a while for the sales force to on board, get trained, become productive. And then, there's obviously a lag period between once they become productive for that turning into revenue. So I think, right now, the early indications are that we're on track for the staffing. We've been tracking the productivity of the new reps, and they're tracking according to plan. Admittedly, their productivity is a lot lower than a tenured rep, but we expect that. But they're tracking in line with what we would have thought. And so, our expectation is that we'll end the year, as we said, with the increase in the sales force. And once we get them productive in 2014, we're hoping that kind of in the back half of 2014, that you'll start to see these tenured reps start producing and then have that convert into accelerating revenue growth, in particular, for those solutions that grow with sales reps, which is our Performance and Security Solutions, obviously, not so much our media solutions.
James Benson: Good question. So I covered that a little bit in my opening remarks that the way to, kind of, think about the guidance range that I provided is a $412 million to $430 million is -- you're going to be at the lower end of the range if 2 things happen. One, that renegotiation takes place in Q4, but that's not the only reason. The other driver that would get you down to the low end is if the e-commerce season and traffic there is light. So that's what would drive you to the lower end of the range. What'll drive you to the higher end of the range is, one, the renewal doesn't take place -- the renegotiation doesn't take place until Q1. You have a very robust holiday season. And to your point around downloads and traffic, we're expecting that in our -- kind of the higher end of our range, even at the midpoint of our range that we're expecting to have a strong holiday season. We're expecting to have a strong traffic season for downloads and things of that nature. So it's -- the way to really think about it is you'll be at the low end if the e-commerce and media season is a little bit light and the renewal took place. You'll be at a higher end if the media and the e-commerce season is strong and the renewal pushes to Q1.
James Benson: That was a good -- I mean, we -- obviously, we talk -- that's a question that we get asked every quarter. The rate and pace of pricing is very consistent with what we've seen in previous quarters. It's a very competitive environment. We continue to see, kind of, prices go down. But the rate and pace of pricing erosion is no different now than it was, really, for the last couple of years. We've seen a very consistent pricing environment, and we expect to see that going forward.
James Benson: Yes, that's exclusively driven by our ADS divestment. If you pull out the ADS divestment, it's been growing in the low-20s. So it's been very consistent. We grew in the low-20s last year with ADS. It's growing low-20s without ADS.
James Benson: Yes. I mean, it's really no different. I think, obviously, we're going through the renegotiation with our largest media customer. But there's really nothing notable as far as people burning through their commits early necessarily that, like I said, you see large renewals every quarter. We just happen to be going through one that obviously is notable, and we felt it was appropriate to signal that to you so you can understand what it is. But beyond that, really, the way these contracts get structured is they do tend to get staggered. You're right that if you burn through kind of the traffic commitments that potentially they can renew earlier. But my expectation is that the rate and pace of that is not any different than what it's been in the past.
James Benson: Yes. It's actually a managed CDN customer. We have licensed CDN customers and managed CDN customers, one is we're licensing our technology to them. That's not what this was. This is literally a managed CDN, where we're helping them build out kind of a managed CDN network within their network. And the way it works is, at least, in this case, that there were some one-time, call it, setup fees that we received for the hardware and getting all of that installed for them or getting it engaged for them. And the way it'll work beyond this going forward is it will vary by engagement. But the way it works, it's more of, call it, a rev share-based model in some cases where they bring on traffic onto their network and we'll share based on that. In some cases, it's capacity-driven. You'll build out enough capacity for them. And as you build out capacity for them, you'll recognize the revenue over the kind of the, call it, the contract life for which the capacity is being served. So we're early stages on a lot of these. We happen to have a notable one in Q3 that really aided our growth rates, which is why we wanted to call it out to you because it's certainly helped the Performance and Security growth rates to be higher than what we had expected them to be.
James Benson: Well, we've been having discussions with that customer for a while. But I -- it probably took a couple of months for it get -- once we've concluded the negotiations with them to kind of get it set up. But it's getting the gear installed and then there's actually getting the network set up. And it depends, call it, roughly a quarter from the time you close one of these to maybe turning them on.
James Benson: I would say, last year, if you recall, what we said was that it was an okay holiday season. It wasn't a bad holiday season, but it wasn't a [Audio Gap] holiday season. So I think consider at the midpoint of our guidance, we're expecting a solid holiday season, which was maybe what we see -- saw maybe more like a couple of years ago. Last year was a decent holiday season. So think of that as maybe the midpoint of our guidance.
James Benson: I think the answer to that is yes. As we've said, we intend to operate the company in the low-40s EBITDA is, call it, the model. We're operating higher than that right now. We're operating higher than that right now not because we're not making the investments in the business in R&D and sales capacity and things of that nature, it's just as we've been making those investments, you've seen a corresponding continued improvement in our management of cost of goods sold and expanding gross margins. You saw it again. We think we can stabilize margins at the levels that we're kind of at. You're going to see maybe, in Q4, they go up, but that's largely because of some seasonal revenue growth. But think of it as kind of high-70s cash gross margins. If we're a little bit higher than that, we do intend to reinvest it back into operating expenses. The way to think about our plans in managing the company is low-40s EBITDA. We're higher than that now, and we're obviously spending and we're spending because we want to increase the pace of innovation and we're spending because we want to increase the sales capacity to drive a re-acceleration in those solutions that kind of grow with sales transactions.
James Benson: Yes. I mean, I'm not going to provide guidance beyond Q4. But just to give you some general color, it is true that you get a benefit from some of these one-time sporting events that happen over a period of time, meaning, like an Olympics. But the benefit you get from that is not -- certainly not nearly enough to offset given the magnitude of the size of this customer. So I don't want to set an expectation that those things will offset this. Now I will say that we saw very strong growth in our media customer base across our social media customers, our video delivery customers, our gaming customers and software downloads. So all the areas that we've mentioned to you in the past, we continue to see very strong growth. So the business is performing very well across all of those areas. And all of those areas, I think, are going to continue to be growth engines for the company. Again, we're going through a renewal. That happens. It's part of the media business, as we told you in the past. But I think the fundamentals of our media business are extremely strong.
James Benson: Yes. So you may recall in Q2, what we talked about was that we had a -- just one of the questions, we saw actually a Q2 growth in our Performance and Security Solutions of 19%, which was higher than we had expected. And we wanted to make sure people realized it was not because the new sales capacity was all of a sudden resulting in an acceleration in our revenue growth for that category, because it was driven really by pretty significant upgrade with our IP accelerator solution category. So it was really germane to one particular solution really with kind of one particular customer. What happened in Q3 was we saw the full quarter benefit of that IP accelerator solution. That solution actually is a recurring revenue solution. So that was as expected. But on top of that, as we told you in the past, we will have projects or custom projects with the federal government and the timing of when those complete vary. We happen to have a very large one that completed within Q3. And I just answered the question from someone that asked about this setup of our managed CDN, and we got some benefit from that. Really, if you kind of adjust for, call it, the non-recurring items, that business is growing more in the mid-teens. And our expectation is we can turn that growth around once we get the sales rep capacity up, ramped and productive. But that's not going to take place until 2014 some time.
James Benson: I think it's too soon to tell. I think it's fair to say that our business, because it's a recurring revenue business, is more of lagging. So our -- the impact to Akamai for macroeconomic headwinds is kind of the longer effect for Akamai, whereas companies that are either selling licenses or hardware, they see an immediate impact from those macroeconomic headwinds. But I think for companies like us that are in a recurring revenue model, we see the impact of that much later. And I'd say that's what you're seeing now. So I'm not -- I think it's -- I don't think you're going to see a turnaround in our EMEA markets any time soon, meaning, in the next quarter or so that -- having said that, we still think there's a significant opportunity for the company because we're not nearly penetrated in those markets, but those markets right now are going through some pretty significant times, in particular, the southern markets of Europe. So hopefully, that provides a little bit of color.
James Benson: Yes. Good question. So, yes, we track every, we call them, tenure classes. We track every class, and we track their progress based on kind of a benchmark which we set for which is previous reps on average what they've done in their different tenures. And I'd say, on the whole, I think the classes are doing relatively well. And to our expectations, you're obviously going to have 1 quarter to the next that one class does really well and then the next quarter maybe not so well. But I'd say they're tracking to our expectations in general.
James Benson: Sure. There's really been no change notably. We continue to manage our network costs very effectively. I think we've talked to you in the past that, obviously, the 2 big drivers of our network costs are bandwidth costs and co-location costs. And our network and engineering teams have done a fantastic job of kind of continuing to put platform efficiency initiatives in place that make us a more efficient consumer of bandwidth and a more efficient consumer really of co-location costs. And so, the pricing environment there really hasn't changed in either one of them. It's really more been driven by our execution from our internal teams.
James Benson: Yes. So we ended Q4 of last year with about 215, kind of, direct quota-carrying sales reps, and we ended Q3 at about 300. So -- and we've talked about the fact that we intended to end the year with roughly 100 sales reps added. So that's kind of where we're at on the hiring. Obviously, that hiring has taken place throughout the year, and the way it works, it probably takes 5 quarters for a sales rep to get fully productive. And as you can imagine, that ramps over time. So the question that was asked previously around how people are doing to the various cohort classes, we still have a pretty -- the new sales reps that we have on board are still pretty junior as far as their tenure. They're obviously seasoned sales reps, but they're junior as far as their tenure within Akamai as far as training. So our expectation is you'll start to see the benefit from them becoming productive sometime in 2014.
James Benson: Yes. I mean, they vary. You can't generalize them to be the same, but you can -- think of it as they have volumes. And then based on volumes, they have different pricing tiers. And based on those volumes, they move -- you push more volume, you get a lower price. And so, you basically develop a bunch of tiers and throughout. So it isn't as if this customer has not had favorable pricing over time because -- but the pricing was based on the pricing table that was set up several years ago. But they -- certainly, the more volume they push, the better price they get.
James Benson: I mean, as I said before, they come due every month, every quarter. It's -- you're just going through a very notable one here because it's our largest customer. And so, it was appropriate for us to signal that to you.
F. Thomson Leighton: Sure. Both are early stage, but both are very important to us and I think have in the longer-term significant potential. With IBM, that is to help sell our Security Solutions. They are integrated into IBM's managed security service solutions, and it gives us a great channel and it's just in the very early stages, just being announced. And so, it's obviously not material yet, but we hope that it will become so. Cisco is even earlier stage. At our Customer Conference, we demonstrated Akamai software for branch performance optimization. We're working on a Cisco router. That's a demonstration, and we'll be looking forward to work with Cisco this year to get that out as a Cisco product that hopefully would be sold through their channel, and that's what we're working on with Cisco now. So there's no revenue there today. But it's something that we hope, over the next several years, could generate meaningful revenue for both companies.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, that's going very well and is one of the flagship accounts for us with our carrier strategy. And so, again, we're -- it's in the early stages, but proceeding according to plan and we are very optimistic in the future of that relationship. Not only in France, but they operate in many countries around the world and gives us a chance to get into those markets with Orange as our partner.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. So we are on our own in beta with a relatively small number of customers. We've had early trial results from retail stores in major cities around the world. The trial results were -- I would characterize them as very successful, showing both offload and improvements in latency for users in the store. And the informal feedback from the customers has been that the users in the store were very happy with the capabilities of the service. And so, that's at the very early stages, looking very good and that is the technology that now we're embedding into the Cisco router. So it's the same technology. Now as we go forward, our hope is that the Cisco relationship will prove very successful and that, that could be a fabulous go-to-market opportunity for Akamai. Obviously, Cisco, much larger company, much larger presence with their routers in the branch offices on a global basis, and that's a real opportunity for Akamai to leverage that.
F. Thomson Leighton: I'd say the competition levels are pretty steady. We had very good traction with our Kona Site Defender service, which is our flagship service. We added 40 units during the quarter to get to a total of 180 customers. So very strong growth in the quarter. The Google offers something pretty much unrelated to what we do, and I don't see any really direct competition with the Google offer.
F. Thomson Leighton: I think, whenever a competitor does have a major outage, that helps go to our value proposition that we are the most reliable provider out there and we provide the best performance, and it really hits home to a potential customer when that kind of thing happens. This versus any of the others that have taken place, I wouldn't say, make a material difference, any one of them. But the pattern of outages like that do make a difference over time, and I think customers do appreciate Akamai's great track record of reliability.
F. Thomson Leighton: Well, we're looking across all of our areas for acquisition. We always are. Last year, we did close 4 deals. The year before, we didn't do any. We haven't done any yet this year. But we're always looking and we're always working on it in all the major areas, from media to acceleration to security and to hybrid cloud optimization and carrier products, where we made an acquisition at the end of last year. So it's something that's a constant and ongoing effort, and we are disciplined about it. We want to make sure that we buy companies that really -- that we can leverage to add value to our customers.
F. Thomson Leighton: We're having success with Aqua Ion. A lot of great case studies now with the real user measurements that I talked about, showing substantial performance benefits. And not only on a global basis, but also even within regions. So that you might have, say, a customer whose origin is hosted in Tokyo and users are primarily in Tokyo and all within Japan. And really, that's a great opportunity now for us with Ion because we can show performance benefit, whereas DSA had less of a benefit, small geography. Also, Ion has a lot of features now designed to optimize mobile performance on cellular networks where the challenges are really quite large and that becomes important now that more and more of the online transactions are being done over cellular networks. And the real user measurements, which we now can get for cellular users, show excellent performance gains. So we are having good success with Ion, and it's showing substantial performance improvements over the flagship DSA service.
F. Thomson Leighton: On the media side, most of the bids go to landline or WiFi. Cellular is more congested. On the web experience side or the application acceleration side, about 1/4 of the transactions now, we're seeing on mobile devices. That's up by about a factor of 10 from a few years ago. And we think, within a couple years, probably be the majority of online transactions will be on mobile devices.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, it has. There is concern outside of North America that a U.S. company would be prone to giving over-sensitive information to the U.S. government as a result of the PRISM disclosures. Fortunately, for us, most of that activity is stuff that doesn't really relate to our business. So it has come up, but we're not really in the focus of that storm. Probably, Germany is a place where it's been most a topic of conversation. So I don't anticipate major impact there to our business just because we're an American company. We're really not in the sweet spot of that. We don't have the data that was PRISM-like in terms of the press releases there.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, I think you should think about that, in terms of meaningful revenue contribution, as 2015. We will be in the market next year with the hybrid cloud optimization, but it's very early stage. You shouldn't be thinking about meaningful amounts of revenue then.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, we do get a good premium when customers upgrade from DSA to Ion. That's our app acceleration product. We also get a good premiums and higher ARPUs when selling Kona Site Defender, which is our flagship security product that we launched early last year. So when we do bring out the premium products, we are seeing uplift, which is good.
