James Benson: Yeah. No, what I said was that Media's up 11% excluding the big six Internet platform companies. Just to clarify on that, we're trying to provide this as a grouping to be helpful to the investors. We know that there's been concern about the impact of DIY, and so what we've tried to do is ring-fence this customer grouping that people are focused on. And based on some of the reasons that Tom outlined, and if you exclude this grouping that is really the focus of investor concerns around DIY, one, Akamai's business was a $500 million business in the quarter, growing 15% excluding these guys. So it's a very, very large and growing business. It just so happens that as we're going through a – for a couple of these six customers, as they serve more of the traffic themselves, we're seeing a moderation in Media growth rates. But, as we said, we expect that going into 2017, that we will see a reacceleration.
James Benson: Well, yeah, I think what we'd rather do is group the customers as one grouping. So that you can see the growth rates excluding all these large six Internet platform customers. And your first question was whether or not these customers are only purchasing Media products. They're predominantly customers that buy Media products. A couple of them also buy our other solutions, but they're predominantly Media customers.
James Benson: Yeah. I'm not going to provide guidance beyond the quarter, but I think you're thinking about it the right way that there is a fair amount fixed cost infrastructure that you build out. And obviously, we are still doing some build-out to support things like the Euro event that Tom mentioned, build out to support the Olympics and things of that nature. But I think it's probably worth noting that that's one of the reasons why you're seeing our CapEx levels lower. Our CapEx levels are probably going to be below our long-term model. Last year our CapEx levels were above our long-term model, because we were doing some build-out for what we thought was going to be an OTT offering. So kind of look at them together that you're going to have some years where you may be a little bit above. If you believe that you're going to be building out your network to support expected traffic growth. We happen to be in a period here where we're growing into the traffic we have and selectively deploying in areas that we don't have capacity.
James Benson: It depends. You know that not all traffic is the same. It depends upon the region. There are certain regions where traffic is growing very, very fast and we need to continue to do more build-out. There are other regions where you potentially have excess capacity and you have to grow into it. So it varies, and it depends upon different events that are going to occur. Again, you can have excess capacity, but you grow into it with an event like the Olympics. So it varies by geography. But we tend to do build-outs, probably, call it, three months to four months in advance. So that's generally one way to think about it, that we'll obviously modulate the network CapEx investments based on what traffic projections we see over the next, call it, three months to six months.
James Benson: Yeah. Obviously, for new offerings like this, for the most part these offerings are subscription offerings. So once you have them, you have to sell them into your installed base, and then it takes a while to convert them into revenue. So they're not going to be a meaningful contributor to revenue in 2016. They certainly will contribute to revenue in 2017, but given the annuity nature of the business and the time to revenue for some of these things, it takes a while. But I think Tom's bigger point for these is, it wasn't that many years ago that we didn't have a security business. We launched a security business and we introduced a product Kona Site Defender. We then acquired Prolexic and we've expanded since then. That business, call it, four-and-a-half years later is now a $360 million business. I think what Tom's referring to is these are new offerings that we're going to add. And in the case of BOT Manager, it's an offering that has similar ARPUs as some of our other security products. And so we believe it's going to be a very strong contributor to security growth in the near term. And the same is true for the offering that Tom mentioned in the Web Performance family, that these are adjacent – Ion 3 obviously is an improvement to our existing product, but Image Manager is obviously an extension to the offerings that we already have. So these offerings, I think, are going to help fuel growth in security and help reaccelerate growth in our Web Performance products.
James Benson: Yeah. We're not specifically providing guidance. But you are right that based on those comments that – and the reason we didn't call for growth acceleration in the fourth quarter is we've been very clear with you guys in the past that the fourth quarter is heavily dependent upon holiday seasonality. And we didn't want to call acceleration in Q4 knowing that it's uncertain what holiday seasonality is going to be. I think our confidence that we will see reacceleration in Q1 is very high. But I'd say, Q4, it depends upon the holiday season. And if we have a very, very strong holiday season, both on the Media side and on the Web side, yeah, you may see reacceleration in Q4. But I'd say our confidence is very high for entering 2017, and that there's a possibility in the fourth quarter depending upon how the holiday shakes out.
James Benson: That's right. So as we mentioned in the last call that we had signaled that our visibility to traffic and revenue volumes for these, in particular, the top two customers is certainly greater in three months than it is in six months to nine months. And this particular customer's traffic and revenue was a little bit softer in Q2 than what we expected. And we are now projecting that that's going to be the case in the third quarter as well. It is probably important to note we've been in – we're trying to provide additional information for the sake of helpfulness that – of the top two customers, one of the top two is pretty much in line with where we thought. It's just one of them that's a little bit lower – the traffic volume. That customer tends to introduce a bunch of features on their platform. And it's difficult to predict the adoption rate that they have of their end users. And so traffic came in a little bit lighter than we expected. And we're calling that now for Q3. And while we're not providing guidance beyond Q3 that I'd say that particular customer is a customer that we're going to stay pretty close to as far as where do we think traffic volumes are going to go longer term.
James Benson: I think you've got part of it. Obviously, we believe that what we're seeing with these large Internet platform customers, the top six that we talked about, and notably, we're really talking about two of the six that we've seen more substantial revenue declines. As Tom mentioned, we see more traffic in revenue pulled off of our platform in the last few quarters. Our expectation going forward is that if we do see declines, the declines will be much more modest than what they've been. So, yes, there will be a component of it that is an easier comp with these large customers. I think it's also fair to say that while we have marquee events like the Euro Cup, like the Olympics, like a presidential debate, and they do contribute to some level of revenue. As we said in the past, these events by themselves are not huge needle movers on revenue. They just happen to be proof points around what's – the opportunity is for more and more consumption of content online. And that's really more what they represent than anything else. So, yes, you're not going to have as big an event period, but you're going to have other traffic activity just in general. There's going to be more video delivery consumed. There will continue to be more consumption of social media, there will continue to be more gaming releases, there will continue to be more software downloads. And all of those will be contributors to our ability to get revenue reaccelerating.
James Benson: Yeah. It's a difficult thing to size that – I'd say what we tried to do is – because we have many customers that tend to do multifunction activities that they serve videos as well as doing other things – like they actually serve software downloads. But based on the customer grouping that call it our pure play, pure play video delivery over the top customers that – it's not a huge contributor to revenue in the near term. It just isn't. What we're seeing is steady growth in that customer base in the traffic. Steady growth in revenue. But you have not seen a step function move to viewing content via those platforms. They are growing steadily. They're growing nicely, but there has not been a catalyst yet to see a huge movement of people cutting the cord and moving online. So I think they'll be a steady grower. But today, the larger contributors to revenue in the Media business are still software download customers, gaming, and social media.
James Benson: And I would say, like I've said all along, that our visibility is certainly much better in the three-month window. We do have good relationships with all of these customers. And so you have some visibility about what's going to happen thereafter. But it's certainly less. We certainly know that these customers intend to remain loyal Akamai customers. The question is how much of the traffic do they continue to serve themselves and how much of the traffic do we serve? It also depends upon, for some of these customers, new capabilities that they introduce. There may be newer capabilities that they introduce that their CDN cannot support. So it's very possible that you see a reacceleration in this customer base. Not all these customers are trending downward. It's notable with two of them, but even one of these two, but depending upon launching new offerings, could be a reacceleration in growth for that customer as well. So it's tough to call. It depends upon decisions that they make in their company around things that they're going to introduce and the capabilities that they have and don't have. So I know it's not the answer that you want. But I think it's – that's just a fact that our visibility is pretty good near term. Good relationships with these customers for the long term, but the ability to call a specific number in 2017 and beyond is just – is difficult.
James Benson: It's funny you say that. Many times these big customers come to us and our ability to project what's happening with traffic is better than theirs, because you're really anticipating what happens to their end users. And sometimes we have better intelligence on that based on historical levels than they do. But there's a bunch of variables that contribute to that, plus it's also capabilities that they introduce and what their CDN can and can't do.
James Benson: So those customers, as Tom mentioned, were a little over 5%, maybe like 5.5% in Q2. As I said in the last call, it's hard to predict a percentage because a percentage is based on what the company does in aggregate. So I do expect that those two customers are certainly, given that one of them we think is going to actually move and serve more of the traffic themselves, I do think they will be less than 5%. A specific number is tough to call, as I said because I don't know what the rest of the business is going to do, but, call it, roughly in that range is probably where they'll be.
James Benson: No, some of them are growing. As I said before, just to clarify, we grouped these customers for the reasons that Tom outlined. We know there's concern about DIY. We know these customers are well-known to have DIY. And we wanted to make sure that we were helpful to the investor community around ring-fencing, what was concern about what these large customers could do. That's why, we've done that. It doesn't mean that they're all trending in the wrong direction by any means. And while they all have DIY capability, several of them are increasing their use of Akamai over time. But, as you know, with large customers, large customers go through reprices. Large customers – there's a lot of things that affect large customers. But I would say that notably two of the six are serving more of the traffic themselves. One of the six in particular. The other ones have been, over the past, very healthy and growing Akamai customers. And so I think that you're going to have in that grouping a mix bag of customers that are growing and customers that may not be growing.
James Benson: Yeah. It all depends on revenue volumes. And it all depends upon how much the volumes uptick. The reason I signal that in the near term we may need to operate in the high 30%s is that we're making the right investments in the business. And what we're not going to do is we're not going to constrain investment. We're going to be responsible, of course, to try to manage investments in line with the revenue moderation but we're going to make the investments we believe are right for the long term trajectory of the business. And if it so happens, the revenue volumes are a little bit lower then we could be in the high 30%s for the near term. But, again, as I said in the past operating at the model that we've outlined, which is the low 40%s, is dependent upon revenue volumes, is dependent upon possible M&A, and is dependent upon network build-outs that we do in particular. So those things are still all the same. We happen to be going through revenue volume that is a little bit less than we had expected. And we're not going to stop making the investments that we think are necessary.
James Benson: Well, we have very good relationships with those customers. Generally, we have pretty good visibility. Obviously one of the six did decelerate a little bit more than we expected this quarter. We're now forecasting that for Q3 as well. We do very valuable services for these large customers. Some of them have had their own do-it-yourself solution for a decade. And we have grown share against it. So I think we did not – as I said before, we did not introduce these six in any way to concern you that we think there's a problem there. We did it because we know you're concerned about those kinds of companies. And we wanted to reassure you that the impact they have on our business is small. And in fact, for many of them, there is substantial upside to the business. And I think that the key thing to focus on is that we have outside of that group, there's potential in that group for growth. But outside of that group, we have a $0.5 billion business growing at 15% a year with a very rich product road map that I think will propel growth into the future. So, again, to reiterate, the fact that we're talking about six is not because we think there's major problems in those six. It's simply to talk about that class of customers. And so you can understand exactly where we're getting our revenues and how we're doing.
James Benson: Well, as you know, the two that we've been talking about are now a little over 5% of our revenue. And two of the other four are pretty small Akamai customers, but are big Internet entities. And so we did want to talk about that. I think there's upside in those accounts. And then, there's two more that are substantial Akamai customers. Well over 1% of our revenue. So you have four that are pretty large and you have two that are pretty small in terms of their impact on Akamai.
James Benson: The insourcing of traffic is mostly around files where quality matters less and then it's easier to do. The extreme example being a background software download. At the other end of the spectrum, you might have live or linear broadcast where somebody's paying to watch it. And so as you get to the easier end of the spectrum, that's where I would say most of the traffic has moved in-house, software downloads and so forth or some videos where the quality might matter less. On the other side of the house, and as we talked about, our OTT business is growing very well, much faster than the Media business as a whole. And that's because you have – it's more difficult to do with a high-quality level, especially live and linear. And people are often paying to watch it. And so you really want to have a good experience there.
James Benson: Right. Customers in the pipeline wouldn't be signed until later in the year. Then, of course, there's the integration and recognition of revenue. So you wouldn't start seeing a revenue stream from anything in the pipeline until next year. That said, the sales force has been productive. Bookings have been very strong. And so we're optimistic about the future growth there. Particularly in Cloud Security, a lot of the customers are now buying products first based on security and then adding performance. It's great to see that adoption of our security offer in the business.
James Benson: Yeah. There's no real direct impact from Brexit that we see at this point in time. Obviously, there's been currency fluctuations. And so that can change the foreign exchange rates. There can be impact on the equity markets, but I don't see any real impact to our business.
Frank Thomson Leighton: No, I don't think so. We have competed with those companies' CDNs for a long, long time. In at least one case for probably close to a decade. We compete very successfully even with their in-house business. And that's because we provide a higher level of quality, greater scale, greater reliability, and, of course, security. So this is not a new phenomenon. We've been competing very successfully against these companies' offers for a long time. And I expect that we will continue to compete successfully against them in the future.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Sure. You want to think about these customers as coming up for renewal every one to two years is very typical. So we have experienced – some of them have had renewals recently. And we would expect renewals coming up over the next quarter or two. So that's an ongoing process with really all of our customers and these folks as well.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, I'm concerned about all our competitors. That said, we see much more competition from dozens of other companies than generally we would have from the large cloud providers. Our performance is a lot better. We don't really see the competition at all from them with the security product capabilities. It's primarily around delivery. We've been competing against at least one very large cloud company for nearly a decade that is known to bundle in CDN services. We have a lot of our customers use that company for hosting their website, either it's stored there or with compute, and they use Akamai to accelerate – to provide the delivery of the video or accelerate the delivery of applications or to secure the content. So I don't see any change in terms of the competition from these large Internet infrastructure companies against Akamai. So no change there. Now, for their own content, as we've talked about at great length, there's a couple of them that are delivering more of their own content. And that, of course, has had the impact on our overall revenue growth rates this year. But in terms of competing with other third parties, no. No change there in terms of the impact they're having on our business.
Frank Thomson Leighton: There are a lot of startups out there. I think that's always been the case, too. They don't use the cloud providers. What we do see is the attackers, they use the cloud infrastructure. And they can mask where they're coming from to make it harder to defeat them by coming from the big cloud companies. But we see the main competition is from the folks that have been doing it for a decade. And the one big change we've seen in the competitive marketplace has really worked in our favor and that is the major carriers. As I mentioned, several years ago, most of those major carriers competed actively against Akamai. And now the vast majority of those carriers partner with Akamai and make use of our technology. And that's been the one fundamental shift in the competitive landscape. And when I say competitive, I mean now an entity that's competing with us for third party content. So the major shift in the competitive landscape has been favorable. We've always had a lot of startups. For a long time we've had companies that have competed against us and they would be the majority of the competition. The cloud companies have been out there for, most of them for a long, long time, and no shift there. The only shift that's impacting our revenue is the DIY and a couple of large accounts, but that's not competing for third party content, and I don't expect it to.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I think there's certainly a set of aggregators and they are growing and also the broadcasters going out directly as well. That is growing. And I think right now you just see all different avenues being explored by the major content owners and broadcasters. And so I don't see right now a single offer, an aggregated offer hitting the marketplace that would take over. I think you'll see a lot of seeds planted and flowers will bloom. And both aggregation and the broadcasters going direct with their content. And we service all of those entities. We're seeing strong OTT growth among the aggregators as well as the broadcasters who are taking some of their content and making it direct.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, yeah, we're always working on lowering our costs to try and to get more bits per second out of each square foot of colo, out of each kilowatt hour, out of each dollar of CPU. And we have a really great track record there. A lot of initiatives underway and I expect to see continued progress. As Jim noted, we're in a situation right now where we do have, in some geographies, capacity that's available. And so you see us in a situation where our CapEx for server purchases is a little bit less than our long term model. And as traffic growth reaccelerates – and if the traffic growth is quite strong outside of the few accounts that we've talked about, that fills up that capacity and that helps, as well. As you've got fixed cost and you have a little bit extra capacity in some markets that hurts the margins and your costs a little bit. But I think we've had good progress there. We will continue to have good progress, plenty of initiatives underway to improve efficiency.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. We're investing a great deal to substantially lower the cost of Media delivery. And that, in fact, the Octoshape acquisition, that was part of the acquisition thesis. We've been very happy with that acquisition. It also greatly improves performance at the same time. We are in the process of integrating their technology across our platform. And you will see us be delivering more of our content as we go forward from clients and client devices. In some countries, that is happening already. And it does substantially lower our cost and that enables us to pass on lower pricing for our Media customers.
Frank Thomson Leighton: That's a great question. And you will see as the market evolves, you have Akamai, which has expertise in the cloud, has tremendous capacity, has great performance capabilities now bringing very strong security technology into our platform. You have, on the other side, companies that have past experience in security as a box that is purchased and deployed in the enterprise's data center. That world is going away. The security technology needs to move into the cloud. And it's very hard to take technology that was dedicated to a single customer and operated by that customer in their data center and now make it in the cloud to try to make it work on a multi-tenant environment, give it sufficient capacity and make it perform well. And on top of all that make it be affordable. So we have tremendous home field advantage in the cloud compared to the companies that are trying to figure out how to move into the cloud. And I think it's because of this that you see several of the – some of the well-known box providers now being bought by private equity or looking for ways to evolve the company, because it is hard to take what they have and produce the kind of capabilities that Akamai can now offer in the cloud.
