F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. As we've been saying for close to 15 years, DIY is our biggest competitor. The very biggest media companies, pretty much all of them have had a DIY effort, and I think that's going to continue to be the case in the future. Our job is to invest in research and development and figure out how to do it better at greater scale and at lower cost. And I think, we've had a really good track record of doing that. And so we're always competing with the very biggest customers' DIY efforts, and I think, we'll continue to be successful in that regard.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. I think, the trends are pretty clear. Traffic is growing, has always grown at substantial rates. I think, there's good reason to believe that it will grow at substantial rates in the future. For Media Delivery, pricing per bit comes down as we find ways to lower cost and make it be more efficient. You take the product to those 2 and that gives you revenue, which has increased at pretty reasonable rates for Akamai over the years. There always will be some lumpiness, as you mentioned, a big software download, a big media event. No one event really dramatically swings revenue, but things can happen. There could be repricing events for a large customer. Traffic can rise and traffic can wane. And I think, the key is not to be distracted by the lumpiness. That's always going to be there. The key is to look at the long-range trends, what kind of traffic might move online, and there's tremendous potential for traffic growth, as you think about more video coming online and having it come online in higher quality, which means more bits per second and more hours of watching online. And I think that can lead to a model that shows traffic growing substantially. We're working to take the cost out to be able to lower cost so that could be affordable for our customers and generate good revenue and profits for Akamai.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, sure. Let me talk about the competition and the partners, and then, Jim will talk about the breakout on Prolexic. The competition depends on the needs of the customer and the product that we're talking about. In security, we're competing primarily with the traditional way of doing things, which would be to buy a box and stick it in your data center, and the goal of the box is to filter out the bad traffic. And the challenge with that approach is that you can't handle the capacity anymore. Just the attacking entities have so much more capability to generate traffic than you can allocate infrastructure to defend yourself with. And that's where Akamai comes in because we have, relatively speaking, an enormous platform and a tremendous ability to absorb that traffic as an outer layer of defense for the data center. So we are competing with the traditional security vendors primarily, and the good news is that the world is moving to a point where you really need Akamai to be able to defend yourself against the large attacks. In the performance category, we compete with a lot of folks. Pretty much all the CDNs will have a product that they say is a performance product, and the goal there is to be a lot faster than the competition. And in all the case studies that we have, working with customers, show that we are. We're paying a lot of attention to the mobile environment and to the cellular environment where performance is particularly challenged, and those environments are a lot more important as more transactions move to mobile devices and over cellular networks. And the new Ion products have great performance there, and they really just perform a whole lot better than the competitor. And of course, reliability, you've got to have many 9s of reliability if you're handling commerce and transactions, and that's another great way we distinguish ourselves against the competition. As you know, the majority of our sales are direct today, but we are growing our channel and partner relationships, and especially our carrier partner relationships. And that is an important part of our growth in the future. And in some cases, we do have products sold through them under their brand name where we're providing the capability behind the scenes. And let me turn it over to Jim now about the Prolexic revenue question.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. That's a great question. I think that -- I think, as we shared with you in the past, that certainly, we're looking at our cash and trying to be responsible and balanced about it. First and foremost, making sure that we can invest in the business with it. I think, secondarily, we are very active in looking at opportunities in the M&A space, and so we want to make sure that we can pull the trigger on that. But you're right that kind of a third area is to make sure that we're at a minimum buying back shares to offset dilution from employee equity grants. And the way our program is structured is we will step up purchasing based on varying stock prices. So if the stock price is lower, you'll see us kind of step it up. Obviously, the stock price was around $60, call it, roughly in Q3 and we bought back a little less in Q3, but you might -- without telling you exactly what we're going to buy back, we just look at it in a very balanced way, and based on kind of all those factors, you can expect that we may increase the share repurchase activity.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. I mean, you probably know as much as I do in that space that I think the reality is it depends upon the sectors, certainly in the security business, that the valuation is still very, very high. I think, it depends upon the area. We're not just looking in any one particular area. We're looking across the portfolio and potentially adjacency areas, and so valuation varies based on kind of the technology in the area.
F. Thomson Leighton: No. Actually, you are right, though, that the World Cup straddled both Q2 and Q3. So as Tom mentioned as an opener, that these events, while they contribute -- they do contribute revenue to us, they're more a kind of a showcase of the capability of what is possible for serving live events on the Internet. And so you can expect that we saw revenue for the World Cup in Q2. We saw revenue in the World Cup in Q3. That was not the driver of kind of the media acceleration. Really, the driver of the media acceleration is we had very, very strong growth in revenue, in social media in particular, and we had very strong growth in the gaming sector, and we had very strong growth in the video delivery space. So those were 3 areas that traffic and revenue growth exceeded our expectations.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. That gives us an important partner in China. It gives us better deployment. We're delivering traffic now in China through that partnership. And obviously, China Telecom is an important player in China, and so we want to be partnered with the world's leading carriers, and that was a significant step forward for us.
F. Thomson Leighton: No. I mean, I think, as we've shared with you in the past, that every quarter, we have kind of customers that are coming up for renewal. We had them in Q3. We're going to have them in Q4, but nothing kind of notable.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, the performance is really important to customers. It increases their revenue, it improves their brand. They need to have it. It's really hard to achieve in environments like mobile and cellular, and we've done a lot of investment into innovation there to make it a lot faster. And so we do see upsell there, and the customer is interested in that.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, I mean, I can't specifically talk about any one particular customer. I can tell you that no one customer is a notable change from Q3 to Q4, and that is not really a driver of why something is maybe going to be less than it's been historically. So without talking about a specific customer, I can tell you that there's nothing notable in our guidance that suggests that there's a change in any one customer.
F. Thomson Leighton: I think, the CDN competitive climate has been challenging for the last 15 years and will continue to be so. There's a lot of competitors, and we work very hard to do a better job of it, be more reliable, higher scale, better performance, better video quality and to be affordable for our customers. And I think we've had a lot of success. If there's been a change per se, I would say that our success in working with the major carriers has been a helpful change. Many of the carriers were competing with Akamai, and you're seeing in the last year to 2 years, several of the big carriers now converting to the Akamai platform, and working together with us. And I think, that's been a fundamental shift that's been helpful to us, but there's a lot of competitors out there.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. We began in the kind of the back half of 2012, stepping up the investment in the sales force, and it's ramped since then, obviously, through 2013. And a similar level of kind of hiring here in 2014. And you're right, it takes about kind of 5 quarters for a rep to kind of become fully productive. And we certainly see reps ramping kind of from first quarter to fifth quarter. I think, what we found that maybe -- we were initially thinking that -- I think, what we had shared was we would see the reps focused more on the performance and security space. And I think, what we found is some of our media performance has been driven by some of this rep productivity, that we've had some nice customer wins with some of the reps that we've added. So I think the reps are producing well. And of course, they're contributing to the growth that we've seen. We're -- we grew the performance and security business 29%. We grew it 30% in Q2. We grew the media business 22% this quarter. So certainly, the reps are really the kind of the key driver of that.
F. Thomson Leighton: No. Primarily, the security software from Prolexic is off-premise. It's in the scrubbing centers that we are now expanding and growing on a more global basis. The attacks that you probably read about in the headlines, I'm -- there could be attacks on customer sites, which we defend, and have had a very successful track record there. There's also been some headlines about vulnerabilities in core software, things like SSL V3, Bash, Open SSL, the kinds of things that a lot of people use that suddenly the world discovers have backdoors or ways in to compromise the software. And we have been taking a leadership role in talking about that. A lot of the companies don't like to talk about security vulnerabilities, and we've open-sourced our patches for some of those vulnerabilities, and really just taking a leadership role in the community to acknowledge what's going on to try to educate people what they need to do and give them advice on what -- here's how we think you should be able to defend against or fix this kind of a problem.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. I'm not going to comment on the ARPU specifically. I will share that at the Investor Summit that we have coming up, but I can tell you that, certainly, there is huge demand for our security offerings. And we have roughly kind of, call it, 5,500 customers today. Those security offerings are relevant to all those customers. And there are customers that we don't have today that we're going after that are relevant in the security space. So I think, there's a huge opportunity for security. As you know, it takes a while to get penetration in that space. Acquiring Prolexic was a huge benefit because we immediately -- not only technology, but capability from a people perspective and a sales perspective. It's a different kind of a -- it's a different way of selling than our historical reps have sold on the performance side, and it takes a while to get comfortable in doing that, but we expect to see continued traction and penetration of selling security across our base and new customers.
F. Thomson Leighton: Well, again, revenue is the product of traffic and price when it comes to video and media. And traffic's growing, obviously, at a substantial rate. And price continues to decrease and we work hard at allowing that to happen by lowering our cost. I think, the only real way to know that there's been an inflection is to get into the future and then look back at the graph and you could say, "Ah, that's where it happened." But given where we are today is, I think, you could look forward to what might be. And one of the ways we look at it, without knowing what the date is going to be, say, but you could imagine a future world with 2.5 billion people that go home at night, in prime time, watch a show. We're not there today, obviously, although you do probably have close to that number of people watching a video, at least from time to time. But say, on a typical day, they go home and they watch something online, and you can imagine a world when that's happening at a rate of about 10 megabits a second. We already have customers that are streaming at that rate. It's probably not good enough to do 4K, so we're not even thinking about a future world where 4K is ubiquitous, although maybe that will happen. But if you have that world with 2.5 billion people at 10 megabits a second, and you multiply that, that's 25,000 terabits a second. Now that's a big number. Just to put it in context, Akamai is now delivering at north of 25 terabits a second, and we're a pretty big portion of the Internet. And so you look at 25-plus today, you can imagine a future world with 25,000. Now that's a big potential growth in traffic if it were to take place. Now of course, costs are going to have to continue to come down for that to even be affordable, but we're working hard on next-generation video delivery technologies to enable that to take place, to make that be possible. So as we look to the future, we think there could be a lot more traffic that could come online and that could be very helpful for our business.
F. Thomson Leighton: I think, they're different businesses, and so they're going to be affected by different things, and they'll have, I think, generally, independent growth rates. Of course, as more stuff is done online and you can have a crossover between media and performance and also security. So generally, the tailwinds are supporting the growth of all of those businesses: media, performance and security. And we're in a mode now where performance and security is growing at a faster clip than media, but both are growing at very healthy rates.
F. Thomson Leighton: Good question, Jen. I think, as we've shared with you in the past, that we think of deployments over kind of a 3 to 6-month horizon, and we're building out kind of the network to support that. You certainly heard in my guidance for Q4 that I guided to kind of an uptick in CapEx and I specifically mentioned that the area that you're going to see kind of a sizable uptick is on the network side. And you can kind of take that to mean that we're doing incremental network build outs to support what we believe is going to be kind of incremental demand. And the way it works is, obviously, you try to build out the network to kind of support all the traffic that you can, the best case. And if, in fact, you don't quite hit that, you'll basically grow into that the following quarter. So I do believe we're going to be able to stay within our model on CapEx as a percent of revenue for the company. I think, I said, this year, we might be a little bit at the high end, but that's largely due to some extraordinary CapEx, some related to the Prolexic acquisition and some related to just some bigger facility and IT buildout that we're doing, but we still think, going forward, we can stay within the model range that we've outlined.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. I would say that less of it is due to mix, to be frank, and more of it is just continued work by our network and kind of media teams on driving efficiencies on the network, and that's really the more notable driver of -- and as you know, it's -- we've been on a pattern here for 3 years now where we continue to kind of grow and expand gross margins. I think, they went up a little bit. They were roughly flat from Q2 to Q3. Q4, seasonally, you do see an uptick in gross margins because you see a large growth in revenue from Q3 to Q4. And so having an uptick in margins in Q4 is not really kind of surprising, but I would expect that, I think, as I've had -- I would expect we can stay kind of within the range that we're at, and I kind of said plus or minus 1 point, and that's -- we're confident because we're confident that the work that we're doing with a bunch of things that we can continue to do to drive network efficiencies.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, we're in the very early stages there. Akamai Connect is the product name that comes with the new high-end Cisco branch office router, and we have our first sales, but it's still in the very early stages.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, the percentage of the transactions being done on a mobile device is increasing at a very rapid rate. Some countries, it's the majority. Here, it's less than half, but approaching half. Now the bits going to a mobile device, maybe a little bit less in terms of bits, but yes -- and it's something we have separate mobile offerings because so much of the traffic is mobile now that the Ion product line is focused on that, but it's not a separate service you buy for mobile. It covers your properties however the end user is going to access them.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. I mean, we don't guide specifically for media versus non-media. As I did mention, though, just to make sure that I was clear, that, I think, sometimes people think of Q3 to Q4 or Q4 being kind of holiday season and kind of more on the commerce front. And that's certainly a big driver that you have a huge commerce season in Q4, but it's also a huge traffic season, gaming releases, and there's just a lot more content that has moved online. So without giving you kind of a specific number, certainly, I will tell you that you can expect in the guide, obviously, we're expecting a very healthy growth rate off a very strong Q4 of last year. I will tell you that kind of the slowing growth at the midpoint relative to where we were in Q2 and Q3 is going to be the media business, and I think that, that's just because we believe that we don't know whether Q3's strength is going to kind of buffer maybe what we've seen historically from Q3 to Q4 at the high end. It would suggest that we continue to have a very strong seasonal traffic quarter like we've seen historically, kind of both on commerce and on media.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. I think, the modernization of the protocols are all very helpful to us. As you may know, Mark Nottingham chairs the HTTP/2.0 steering committee, he's an Akamai employee. So we're working hard to get HTTP/2.0. I think, there's another shift coming moving from HTTP to HTTPS. Of course, SPDY is a secure protocol. I think, that's going to have pretty fundamental impacts on the ecosystem when caching devices can't crack the packet anymore. So carriers are going to face network efficiency problems and traffic routing issues, and Akamai is in a great place to help there because we have a very large HTTPS business, and many of the world's leading brands work with Akamai on their secured traffic. So we're supportive of the changes that we're seeing. We're helping to lead those changes. And I think, they're good for Akamai.
F. Thomson Leighton: Well, SPDY is independent of anybody's proxy servers. So that's a protocol. We support SPDY in the Akamai platform. Now HTTPS, typically, some of the cloud providers don't have HTTPS traffic proxying through them because they can't crack the packet and do anything about it. Now Akamai, with our HTTPS service, our SSL service, we do crack the packet on behalf of our content providers to accelerate their sites, to secure their sites, to offload cost from their sites. So SPDY, we support it. It is an HTTPS-based protocol. But it's -- so I'm not sure really where the question is coming from.
F. Thomson Leighton: No. I think, the things you're referring to actually help us. Akamai makes the response times be better. And as you know, the major search engines favor sites that are faster. And we see many customers, when they adopt a technology like Ion, their search rankings improve, and that does drive business to us. Also as I mentioned, as you have more adoption of HTTPS, that helps the company -- helps Akamai because we carry so many of the search for the major brands, whereas other folks don't and so they are not able to provide value there.
James Benson: Sure. So I think, as we shared with you, that we're not -- we don't separately disclose security as a segment. We do it -- we'll share that annually with you at our Investor Summit. So when we acquired Prolexic, I think we told you, they were operating at about a $5 million a month run rate. As Tom said, the security portfolio in aggregate is by far our fastest-growing product category. We'll share, obviously, all these kind of the details on a quarterly basis. I think it was worth you commenting that it's true that Media Delivery solutions was really the driver of the overachievement, but we don't want to lose sight of the fact that the performance in the security segment grew 29% year-over-year off of a very strong Q3 of last year. So we're very pleased with the growth, not only in security, but also across all the product lines within that solution category.
James Benson: I think, we're very aggressive in our hiring expectations. I can tell you that we have a pretty large recruiting organization really actively trying to hire on the sales ranks and in the technical ranks, in particular, as well as services. And I think that we're just -- when you have very aggressive expectation, we became a little bit short of that. Obviously, in our guidance range, we gave you a high and a low, so we were within the range, we were just a little bit on the lower end because it was a little bit lighter than we thought. And you'll see us pick up on some of that hiring in Q4.
James Benson: Yes. So on the media side, really, it wasn't -- I would not say there was anything one time. I just -- as I mentioned, I'll reiterate it again, that we just had really strong profit growth across those areas that I mentioned of kind of the video delivery space, the social media space and the gaming space. Those areas are very, very hot right now. For some of the reasons that Tom mentioned, as more content moves online, video delivery is growing. As gaming goes more online versus kind of buying it via a disk, you're starting to see acceleration there, and the same in the social media space. So nothing kind of -- those are more secular trends. As we told you in the past, software, and you could call gaming a software download as well, we've distinguished between kind of, call it, your more traditional software downloads from gaming. We had a good software download quarter. It just wasn't a notable driver of our overachievement. So nothing notable as far as one time, but as I said, that it was kind of unseasonably strong traffic growth, and I know you didn't quite ask the question about the Q4 guidance, but as I mentioned in my remarks, that I think because it was so strong in Q3, we have a range in our guidance that really reflects maybe perhaps the Q3, Q4 growth rates we usually see historically may not be as strong just because of how strong Q3 was. But at the high end of our range, it would suggest that it is. So that's kind of why we guided like we did. So Ion performance, I mean, Tom, you can probably cover a little bit more on the performance side, but we've certainly seen that there is a pricing uplift that you can garner with customers based on performance, and so we have seen that.
James Benson: Yes. We didn't specifically provide a number for this year. We simply hired kind of roughly at similar amount to what we did last year. So I mean, you're in the zone of roughly what we're going to hire for sales reps. And I'm really not going to comment about what we're going to do next year, but you can expect that the investments that I mentioned, we will continue make investments in the sales organization.
James Benson: That means -- there's a lot of greenfield opportunity in media. There's certainly some in the U.S., and there's a lot outside the U.S. So a fair amount of our sales force investments have been made outside the U.S. We aren't nearly as penetrated outside the U.S. And so I would say, notably, the reps that we're adding outside the U.S. tend to be focusing a little bit more initially on kind of media, and then, also, performance and security thereafter, but that gives a little bit of color on kind of maybe where it's coming from.
James Benson: Yes. And relative to kind of -- what I'd shared was I said they're kind of looking forward beyond Q4 that -- and I said this in the past, that we expect to operate the company in the low 40s EBITDA. I just want to make sure that I remind folks of that. And we're going to hiring in the same areas we've -- we're going to continue to hire in the sales force. We're going to continue to hire in supporting kind of go-to-market capacity. We're going to continue to hire in services. We're going to continue to hire in the technical ranks on the network side, in the products side around kind of some of the engine -- some of the areas that Tom had outlined. So it's just a continuation of the hiring and our expectation is you're going to see an acceleration in innovation and you're going to have a sales force that is going to grow. As the company gets bigger, we need a larger sales force to be able to grow at the rates we think that the market opportunity is there for, and so that is kind of the driver of kind of what's -- what I'm signaling for kind of 2015.
James Benson: Or no. Just to be clear, I mean, so we've -- our investments kind of in sales may have been a little bit more weighted towards international but we've been hiring in the U.S. as well and you can expect we'll continue to hire in the U.S. We are not nearly penetrated in the U.S. either.
James Benson: That's a good question. I think, I shared earlier in the year, either in Q1 or Q2, when we saw a notable uptick in the channel, some of it is that we're getting much better traction with some of our carrier partners. And admittedly, I think, I had shared this on a prior call, that what we've also done is we've ceded some of these carrier partners by customers that were direct to Akamai, we have moved some of those customers to the carrier to actually kind of help provide them a customer base to start with. So some of that growth rate is from moving customers that were direct to indirect. But kind of put that aside, we've been growing nicely in the channel space, and we've been growing nicely with the carriers in particular. And kind of the last noteworthy area is the Prolexic business had a much heavier weighting of their revenues through indirect channels than Akamai did.
James Benson: In the margin profile, I would say that the -- as you would -- I think, once you get the channel to scale, I think, right now, the channel does require support from Akamai, but once we can get the channel to scale better, you're going to get better margins through the channel. I'd say that they're similar now. They're not better. But I think, longer term, you're going to get kind of better margins through the channel than through the direct model.
James Benson: Well, I think, what we had said -- you're right, we had said that you were going to see an impact on EBITDA in kind of the near term. And we said that in the first year, that it would be dilutive of roughly $0.06 to $0.08. And I think, we're tracking pretty well to that. No real notable change from what I had shared before.
