Tom Barth: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Akamai's fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Speaking today will be Tom Leighton, Akamai's Chief Executive Officer; and Ed McGowan, Akamai's Chief Financial Officer. Please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding revenue and earnings guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. The factors include any impact from macroeconomic trends, the integration of any acquisitions and any impact from geopolitical developments. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in Akamai's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements included in this call represent the company's view on February 14, 2023. Akamai disclaims any obligation to update these statements to reflect new information, future events or circumstances, except as required by law. As a reminder, we will be referring to some non-GAAP financial metrics during today's call. A detailed reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found under the financial portion of the Investor Relations section at akamai.com. And with that, let me turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Barth: Well, it is Valentine's Day. So we're in a little bit over. But operator, why don't we take one more question? I know there's probably a few more, but let's just take one more and we'll end the call.
Tom Barth: Okay. Well, thank you, Michael. Thank you, everyone. And in closing, we'll be presenting at several investor conferences and events throughout the rest of the first quarter. Details of these can be found in the Investor Relations section at akamai.com. We want to thank all of you for joining us, and we wish you a very good health and good health to your family. So have a nice evening. Take care.
Tom Leighton: Yes. No, good question. And we are increasing the allocation of our go-to-market investments around the enterprise side and Zero Trust. We have specialist teams there really focused on Guardicore and now the other enterprise products as we integrate them in with the Guardicore solution. And we've had a lot of success with that team, as you can see from the really good growth in the Guardicore product. And so we're doubling down there. And over the course of this year, you'll see, I think, more cross-sell with our Enterprise Application Access product in Guardicore and ETP. And then I'll turn the other question over to Ed.
Tom Leighton: I think media is the big first set of adopters. In fact, as you know, one of the world's largest, if not the largest social media company is already using it. And I think that's because media really is concerned about performance. And so we're doing things like transcoding, much closer to the end user. And that's a key thesis of our architecture and our approach to compute is to be much more distributed with the compute, have containers and VMs much closer to the end users. Gaming, another example, what that makes a lot of sense. Things like leaderboards, manage groups of users as they play the game, you need low latency, there's a lot of back and forth with the clients and you want that to be close to the end user. That said, this is not limited to media. Commerce is also very sensitive to performance, and we've already signed up commerce companies. And commerce companies, of course, especially with these macroeconomic challenges. Akamai Connected Cloud, better performance at a more competitive price point. So I think you'll see penetration in the commerce vertical as well. And of course, Akamai is really close to the big companies in media and commerce. I have the opportunity to talk to the most senior executives in many of these companies, and they're very interested in what we can do for them. And they've been asking us to do this. And I think they're excited about the potential Akamai Connected Cloud. I think down the road, take a little bit longer. The financial vertical is another vertical that's very strong for Akamai because of our work in security and our market-leading products there. There, we have a little bit more work to do on the certifications. The bar is a little bit higher for financial institutions, but I think that would follow media and commerce in terms of adoption of Akamai Connected Cloud.
Tom Leighton: Well, yes, I think it makes good sense to be shifting resources towards the higher growth areas both security but especially in cloud computing. I think we'll see a lot stronger return on the investment. We still have the market-leading delivery business. We haven't lost share, to the best of my knowledge. We have turned away some -- a small amount of the business that's very spiky. And that doesn't make as much sense for us to take that business at the price point isn't right today. And that's because traffic growth rates are lower than they used to be. So you have to spend money to build out for the spike. And if your traffic growth rates are lower, it takes longer to fill that capacity on a daily basis. With delivery, your cost is associated with your peak and your revenue more associated with the daily usage or total aggregate usage. And so we have, as we've talked about, turned down some deals there just because the ROI doesn't make us much sense in this environment, and we get a lot better ROI from investing in compute and I think, obviously, security. And then within security, we're reallocating investment decisions there to focus more resources on the fastest-growing security products. So I think it just makes good sense. And for now with compute, it's something our customers are really asking us to do. And even in this challenging macroeconomic environment, it's something that I think the timing may be even a little bit better there because of that.
Tom Leighton: All right. I'll take the first part of that and let Ed take the second part. I think Linode is a much smaller company and really sort of a different market than the giant cloud companies that are maybe referring to optimization. So I didn't see -- we don't see a big impact on Linode. Now what we're doing is making Linode so it can be used by the big enterprises for mission-critical applications. And that, in part, is building out scale. It's making it be more distributed, available in more cities, integrating it with the Akamai platform and our Edge regions and increasing the functionality. So a lot of work taking place on the Linode platform so we can sell it at a much higher scale to major enterprises. And we're in the stage now with early adopters there. And I think as we get towards the end of this year, we'll be in a position to take on a lot more business there. And I think the value proposition is that we would have better performance will be more distributed, closer to end users at a more competitive price point. And I think in this environment, yes, pricing matters, especially if you look at -- as we talked about, big media, big commerce, they care. And they are spending a lot in the cloud today. So I think that's the phenomenon you'll see take effect as we're in a position to take on more large-scale business for large enterprises. And then Ed, you can take the second part of that question.
Tom Leighton: There's a lot of resources being shifted within our platform and delivery organizations. Think of the hundreds of people that are managing our network deployment that build out our 4,100 regions today and the tremendous scale we have, and they are now heavily focused on building out compute resources. Think of the people that manage the operations, the automatic deployment of software, the payload or the load balancing, the resiliency, they are heavily focused on incorporating those capabilities for compute, building on top of the Linode framework. So I would say the large majority of the resources are of that nature that we're retasking.
Tom Leighton: Yes, good questions. We'll be the most distributed cloud services provider. And of course, we start with 4,100 POPs for function as a service, JavaScript at the edge. And we're building out the core cloud capabilities. And then this notion of the -- of a more distributed containers closer to the edge, VMs closer to the edge. Now that will give you better performance for things where you want to be close to the end user because it will be closer to more end users will be in some cases, countries where you don't have a presence from the hyperscalers. And our pricing will be less already. You can look at the list pricing and see that it's less than what the hyperscalers charge. And we're -- because we're integrating it with our backbone and with our edge platform, that gives us great economics on the delivery, taking the data in and out of storage or compute and getting it to end users. We're in a position to do that at a lower cost and to give consumers a better price point. Yes, this works not for all gaming functions, but for a lot of the things you want to do with gaming. It's a great use case, streaming, obviously, transcoding, APIs, chatting APIs, people communicating during a sporting event. That's all -- is very relevant to having a more distributed model. AI, I think elementary stuff you can put in a container or VM yes, that makes perfect sense. If you want to have the monolithic storage associated with that, that's more cloud, core cloud compute, I would say. I think in terms of partnering, yes, we have a lot of customers that obviously use Akamai services today as well as the cloud giants. In fact, the cloud giants themselves, a couple of them are very large Akamai customers. And so they also use their own services. So I think it's an ecosystem where, yes, I think there'll be customers that would use us and use the hyperscalers depending on the application and what they're looking to do. And we very much believe in a multi-cloud approach.
Tom Leighton: Not in compute in Q4. Obviously, we compete very successfully in delivery and security with the hyperscalers. We're the market leader there. Now in compute, they are the market leaders by far. And so nothing that we would do in compute is going to make any difference to them. I mean we're looking to get to a 1% market share in a market that's $100 billion to $200 billion a year. So it will take us a while in compute before I think a hyperscaler would even really, really notice. And of course, a 1% or 2% market share means a lot to us in compute, that's several billion dollars means less, obviously, to folks at the scale of those guys.
Tom Leighton: Yes. No, I think you characterized it well, and it is more the mix shift to the newer products for us that are growing at a rapid rate, but are still relatively small. We've got a substantial return from Bot Manager now. That's a great example, starting to really help. Next is Guardicore, which, as Ed mentioned, we want to -- as we exit should be at over $100 million run rate. And once you start getting to that size and it's rapidly growing, it starts making a difference for the big security number. And of course, as that number gets bigger, it obviously gets more challenging to maintain the higher growth rates. We're continuing to invest in new capabilities there. Account Protector is off to a very good start, really excited about that. But it will take time to do that. And we're continuing to look for potential acquisitions that can help jump start growth. I don't think anything huge. It gets you the return right away, but areas that we think are really important that we can become market leaders in like we've done for application firewall, bot management, for segmentation and that over then a period of years can drive significant growth for us.
Tom Leighton: Yes. So on the Akamai Connected Cloud architecture, we already have 4,100 edge regions. And these regions do delivery and security. They're the first line of defense. They also do what we call edge computing, which is function as a service, JavaScript at the edge. Now in the core, where Linode had 11 data centers, and we're going to more than double that, you have very large-scale storage object and block storage. You've got VM as a service, Container as a Service, Kubernetes, core cloud compute. Now we're adding also an intermediate layer, we call those sort of the distributed compute layer. And this would have not the monolithic storage, but you'd have containers as a service. Kubernetes, VMs as a service, so you could do compute there. And so what you do and where you want to do it depends on the application, things that are a lot of back and forth with the end user that are lighter weight, that could be handled in JavaScript. You want to be doing that in the 4,100 edge regions, something like transcoding, you're doing some data processing, you got an app in a container, but performance matters, you want to be close to the end user or say a gaming application that you'll want to do in our distributed edge platform. And the reason we have that is there's a lot of cities and places in the world that don't have a giant cloud data center there. And they can't really take advantage of the cloud for applications that have -- where the proximity to the user is important, and so that's something that we want to be able to provide. So there's three sort of levels here of compute and you want to be actually using generally all three for a major company, but the specific application dictates where you want to be doing it and what combination that you want to use.
Tom Leighton: Yes, good. So I think tuck-ins are a team that has the beginnings of a product or technology that we can scale on behalf of our customers. We've done a lot of acquisitions like that. More substantial would be something like Guardicore that had, at that time, the #2 product in the marketplace, and we've invested around that. They're now #1, which is great to see and a more significant cost associated with that. And they had a developed product already. Go back farther Prolexic is another example of that where they had a developed product, they already had $40 million, $50 million in ARR. And those are -- we do occasionally, and we're always looking. But we do those occasionally. But more you'll see the tech tuck-ins and then we develop from there.
Tom Leighton: Well, it's all of the above plus the compelling logic of the situation. As I mentioned, I do have the opportunity to meet with the senior most executives that a lot of the world's largest companies, especially you think media, commerce, gaming and so forth. And there is a lot of interest there in our ability to help them. They're in a situation where they're spending a ton on third-party cloud. It's growing rapidly. Many of them describe it as being out of control. and it's even hard to know how big it will get. In some cases, they're spending this with a competitor. And on top of it, they've got major company initiatives to cut cost because of the challenging global economic conditions. And so when we can offer them a service with at least as good, better performance, at a lower price point, that's very attractive. Now on top of it, these companies, they know us well. They already trust us with scale and performance and security because we provide the vast majority of their delivery and security. So we are a very logical choice. It's not like we're just somebody coming along here saying, hey, we got a cloud service. It's not like that at all. We've got a lot of credibility with these companies and they are pretty clear that they think this could be very attractive for them. In fact, I think one of the analysts on this call did a survey of 50 of our larger customers have found the same thing. The same thing was reported to them.  So we see that our customers need that and would like to shift business to us, but we want to get ready for that and help them. And that means building out the capacity building out the new distributed architecture and getting the functionality to the level that they're going to be comfortable putting mission-critical applications at very large scale on our platform. And of course, Akamai will be one of the first examples of that. We're going to place our services that are used by pretty much all the major enterprises, a lot of the major enterprises out there for, for example, security onto our platform. And that will be another great proof point that Akamai Connected Cloud is really going to work for them.
Tom Leighton: Yes, good question. First, the work on Linode which is extensive is use different teams by and large than our security technology group. And so yes, we are in a position that we can continue that work and also do security acquisition. I don’t think there’s any challenge there.  Now we have, as we talked about, retask a lot of the positions, either people or positions from our platform and delivery organizations to the compute effort. So there is a lot of effort there, and that will be increasing throughout the year.  Now in terms of the 20%, what we're talking about is we're guiding this year into the low double digits and then we'll see where we are. Obviously, we'd like to be growing faster than that, but there are very challenging conditions out there, as we've talked about, and we'll have to see. So we'll update that guidance as we -- maybe we get to an Investor Day or get into next year. But right now, we're just guiding for this year in security in the low double digits.
Tom Leighton: Yes. So good question. There's the contracting, there's the build-out, there's getting it all turned on. And the way you want to think of it is we would be doing the core data center build-out. The focus of that is in the first half, and we'll have a lot of that done then, and we should finish that early in the second half or get substantially more than we have today. And then late in the second half, taking on the distributed architecture, we should have a bunch of those regions turned on live later in the year. And at that point and also, at the same time, getting the certifications in place, virtual private cloud, other capabilities that the big enterprises need so that when we get to the later part of the year, we're in a position that we can take on this business, and it will just happen all at once. A major enterprise will try it, use some applications and then some of the big ones, you port some of the traffic over.  And so I think the major feeling of it and use of it really comes more in '24, not so much this year. We expect, as we talked about this year to do about $0.5 billion in compute. But the real growth, I think and the monetization of what we are building out now comes in '24 and '25. And also for our own use. This year, we are in the process of porting our own applications. And as Ed talked about we are going to save some this year but really the big savings for us comes in '24. So that's the way I think to think about it.
Ed McGowan: Jim. Yes. So what I'd say about Zero Trust is we ended the year on a run rate of about $200 million in Zero Trust. And we had a very strong finish to Guardicore. In Guardicore, we'd expect this year to be on a run rate of $100 million. So a very, very strong finish to the year with Guardicore.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So Linode, it will get more difficult to break up sort of merging in with everything, but it was about $34 million, a little over $34 million. We did see a slight increase in the growth rate as the year went on, and we haven't seen any change in the consumption around optimization, meaning folks are using less of the cloud at this point.
Ed McGowan: Yes, Keith. So the way to think it will probably go up a little bit. It won't be up as much as it's been up certainly last year. But I mean, you're thinking about it in the right way. And one of the things that we're fortunate enough to do is if you think about what we would -- the typical company would do if you didn't have the skill sets and how it should have to do a layoff, that's expensive and then you have to go hire new talent. We're fortunate enough in the areas that Tom talked about, whether it's development or build out of the network, the sales functions that we can shift those resources over. So if you think about the cost to build out what we're doing, would cause somebody else a significant amount of money, but we're able to shift those resources. And as far as the new headcount going forward, we're going to be pretty judicious with where we're hiring, but it's going to be primarily in the areas of cloud and security and maybe a few on the go-to-market side.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So you're doing the math right. So the way to think about the $100 million, that will enable us for our internal use, that will enable us to save lot more than $100 million. So think of it -- you think about it right in terms of as a onetime sort of burst of a charge. Obviously, if we continue to use our own compute capabilities over time down the road. We will be adding a little bit from time to time there. But you're thinking about that correctly. In terms of what does the steady state look like? We talked at the Analyst Day about how you can approximate sort of future growth percentage with what you would spend. So for example, if we are -- of the $1 billion we're spending 30% in CapEx, our growth rate would be probably around 30%. It's not quite dollar for dollar, but it’s sort of a rough approximation. So think of us spending roughly $100 million this year on internal use another, say, call it, 225 to 250 depending on where you are on your models. That enables you to get that type of revenue scale potentially. Obviously, it's going to have to play out in the market to be a little bit more if we get a little bit less. That's a pretty decent rule of thumb. And then obviously, as we're growing out these locations, we're pretty ambitious in terms of the core locations that we're putting online also distributed locations are putting online. We're going to be investing ahead of revenue. So I would expect for the next 1.5 years or 2 years to have elevated CapEx related to the compute business, and we'll start to scale into it.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So well, we didn't give specific guidance for either delivery or compute. Tom did talk about us achieving $0.5 billion or so in compute revenue. So depending on where you put your models, you decide the $0.5 billion for compute and just solve for the delivery. I think if you were to be on the higher end of the business, delivery might do a little bit better as we saw in Q4, potentially get security going. If the macroeconomic conditions improve and then obviously there really is just a timing issue in terms of when we can start moving major workloads on compute.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So it's a little bit of everything, right? But I think as we laid out about five or six different things that we're doing, probably the biggest near-term item would be the third-party cloud costs. So as we migrate that our own cloud, we're going to save about $100 million or so. Think about that as some of that will happen this year, a lot more of it in '24 and then by '25, we should have almost the majority of our internal cloud or third-party cloud on our eternal system. So that's 2 points to 3 points right there. Colocation, I talked a bit about the audit of the ASC 842 in lease accounting. We have a little bit more of a burden that we have to take at the beginning of some of these longer-term agreements. But also, we're spending on colocation that we haven't quite scaled into yet. So there's your question about revenue. As revenue scales, you'll get scale with your margins. And then just through some of the depreciation savings that we're getting on delivery and the real estate savings. We're spending, call it, before this year around $100 million in real estate, we're going to save about $20 million this year. Probably room to get maybe another $20 million or $30 million out of that as well. So it's really a combination of getting the compute revenue to scale into our investments in mostly our colocation facilities and third-party cloud savings, those are probably the two biggest areas for margin expansion.
Ed McGowan: Yes. I mean I think that's -- when you look at the size of those numbers, certainly, I mean, obviously, revenue cures all your rails, right? We've got a pretty scalable model. So if we see acceleration in revenue, especially on the compute side, you're going to see a pretty good flow-through. But yes, there's a lot in our control here. And I think we're doing the responsible things as far as hiring goes, shifting resources, focusing on reducing our real estate costs and really focusing on driving down that third-party cloud cost, which is really taken a pretty big chunk out of our gross margin.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. Great question. So let me see if I can pick that all at once here. So in terms of the major renewals, we don't have nearly as many major renewals as we had last year. So that's going to be one thing that works in our favor. We are not anticipating in our guidance any significant increase in traffic in terms of levels of growth that we saw last year. We're anticipating a slight increase, but nothing significant. We're anticipating that and we're starting to see that price declines are moderating a bit. They're not nearly as steep as they've been in the past. And then we will continue our posture in terms of being a little bit more selective with some of the spiky traffic. Once we start seeing volumes get back to the historical Internet growth rates and beyond, then maybe that posture may change, but that's the way we're going to play it for now.
Ed McGowan: Sure. Yes, I would say just kind of general macro across all regions. I'd say new customer acquisition is more challenging in an environment like this. And I think you hear a lot of companies talk about that. We're seeing that as well.  In terms of geographic, obviously, the European economy is struggling a bit more than we are in the U.S., slightly higher inflation, et cetera. So I expect that area to be a bit more weaker than what I'm seeing in the U.S. Asia is still been pretty strong. Latin America has been pretty strong. U.S. has been kind of holding firm here. But I would expect the European business, in particular, is to be the most impacted by the macroeconomic factors.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So this is Ed. So in terms of the biggest impact on the quarter, I would say coming in, we're expecting potentially a weak commerce season. We actually saw a pretty decent commerce season. We saw a decent video traffic. We saw obviously, we talked about the World Cup being better than our expectations. I would say gaming was noticeably weak. We didn't see as much activities you typically see. And then from the sales side, a couple of deals pushed a few large Guardicore deals we track that push and then also new customer acquisitions are slower than we'd like to see. Those are really the big things. Then as far as the macroeconomic conditions, it's tough when you sit in the seat to try to play economist. And with us, obviously, exit has probably the biggest impact on us more than anything, given we've got longer-term contracts. But it's hard to say that, look, things can change and get dramatically worse. I'm just expecting what I see right now in front of us in terms of the macroeconomic environment is challenging, but I think we can navigate it pretty well. So that's what we based our guidance on. If things change, we'll obviously update the guidance. But I was just trying to -- a lot of times people asked me what was what we were thinking as you put your guidance that are you expecting things to get dramatically worse. In this case, no, I expect things to be dramatically better not kind of roughly the end if things do change, we'll obviously update you as we get more information.
Ed McGowan: All right. I'll try, the second one is going to be a little bit more challenging and maybe I'll come back with a metric on that one. I don't have exact metric down to the megawatt, but I'm sure somewhere in the business, I can find somebody who does. But I've sort of used sort of a rule of thumb of $1 of CapEx is $1 of revenue roughly speaking, that may change a bit, but sort of a good rule of thumb. In terms of sales cycles, the good news with the deals slipping is they're not going away. This is typically a big purchase that you make, especially with Guardicore that it could be something where the decision-maker is just pushing it off a quarter or two. And it's not that the deals are losing. It just becomes a longer sales cycle and a fight for budget. In terms of just overall sales cycles, like I said, the biggest impact is new customers, right? It's a lot easier with your existing customers, you're going through renewal cycles, you're having upgrade conversations and things like that, getting new customers to open up a new buying pattern is challenging. I do think one thing that will work in our advantage in all of this, though, is as we talk about compute and the need to find a cheaper alternative go multi-cloud. I think that's going to work in our favor. So I think one thing this -- all the negatives that come with the macroeconomic backdrop that we have. I think that's one positive that will work in our favor, and we are starting to see our pipeline grow pretty dramatically in that area. And as Tom talked about, we should start to see deals close towards the back half of the year and then really set ourselves up for '24.
