Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. So as I talked about in my remarks, we have some really strong new capabilities for Media, particularly around video. The idea that now we can do live and linear broadcast ahead of satellite, that's a pretty big change over what is otherwise available with OTT streaming typically being 10 seconds to 90 seconds behind the satellite broadcast. The new capabilities from the client side software to be able to take sources of the content – multiple sources, integrate that and provide a seamless viewing experience for the user and also at a lower cost point for our customers is important. Broadcast operation support is really important for high-quality OTT. The accelerated ingest technology, origin-connect capabilities so we can connect directly with the large broadcaster origins. The focus on the big 250 global media companies that we talked about in the last call, giving them the kinds of packages and capabilities that they want for things like subscriber-based pricing, background downloads where that makes sense, peer-assisted delivery, regional pricing based on our deep carrier relationships, things like managed CDN services. So a lot of stuff that we do that's very unique in the Media business and focused on the big media broadcasters and customers. And we're seeing really strong response there in terms of gaining market share, traffic growth, particularly in video. On the Performance and Security side, obviously, Security doing very well with several new capabilities coming into market over the last several months that we think will drive continued strong growth for our Security products. And in the Web Division, which features the Performance and Security products, 14% growth there. A little bit less than it was last quarter. And part of that driven by some of the things going on in public sector, which tends to be lumpy and there's some uncertainty in Washington right now. And so, that had a little bit of an impact on the Web Division customer base growing at 14% this quarter.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes. So there's always events that take place, and the big events drive the new traffic records. And as we talked about before, any given event itself, because it's a short-duration event, usually doesn't have a lot of revenue associated with it. But when we're talking about the overall traffic growth, we're talking total bytes delivered. And that's not driven by events; that's driven by the top 250. And we were very pleased to see that our total traffic growth in the quarter, the growth rates there being the highest we've seen in two years, higher than the Internet as a whole. And really pleased with the aggregate video traffic growth being nearly twice what you see the established reports saying for the Internet as a whole. So really gaining strong share there. And that's not measured really by these one-off events that sort of get the headlines because that's where you hit the peak of traffic. We're talking about the core business in Media, total bytes delivered. And that's because of the focus on the top 250, the focus on scale, quality at an affordable price, and all the capabilities that I talked about around Media.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes. I think with the big platform companies, it appears as they've sort of stabilized at about combined 8% of our revenue, seeing the same quarter-over-quarter. Now we've got a little bit of time still for the year-over-year wraparound effect. So there's a little bit left to see there. But basically, it looks like things have stabilized on that front with the six giant platform companies accounting for about 8% of our revenue.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes. I think the pricing tends to be higher where it's more difficult to do and there's a perceived higher value. So in terms of bulk bit delivery, if it's something like a background software download, you'd see the lowest probably pricing there. If it's doing something for OTT, live linear video where our customers' users are paying, that's where quality matters the most and where our capabilities matter the most and so we would be, generally speaking, paid more there. Now, of course, the largest volume customers will also pay the lowest rates. And so, when you have very large customers, that will drive a lower price point per byte delivered. So those are sort of the two ways of looking at it. One is sort of the scale, and the other is in terms of the value that's being provided.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. Well, I think it's a positive for Akamai. I think we look at the future of the Media business as really being driven by video. There will always be software and gaming delivery, but really the future is the adoption of OTT at real scale. And we're really still at the beginning of that. And when we see the video traffic growing, that's something that we see as a very positive sign for us.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, probably there's some combination there, but we do believe we're gaining share. And that's specifically account by account based on delivering what a major broadcaster needs or a major media company needs.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes. So we're comparing against the established reports out there what the Internet's growing as a whole. In some cases, we have competitors that publish reports on how fast they're growing. And so, when we see ourselves growing faster, a lot faster than that, we take that to believe – as further proof that we're growing our market share. Now that said, I think OTT will continue to grow as a market as a whole, and there's a long way to go there for future growth as I talked about with some of the ways of thinking about 60 terabits a second today and what viewing audiences might look like in the future.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I don't think there's a fundamental change. The giant platform companies are going to do a lot of DIY; they are doing a lot of DIY now. We're seeing a stabilization in terms of percentage of our revenue, 8% being from those six large platform companies. I think as we look at OTT in the future, those six companies are going to have a reasonable share of OTT. And I think as we look forward, we see a world where there'll be a lot of direct-to-consumer and other distribution mechanisms in addition to those six large platform companies. And that presents a very large opportunity for Akamai.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. I think the Carrier channel is very important for us. Carriers are incredibly important partners. They're our fastest growing channel by far. We're deepening the relationships with the world's major carriers. Nominum helps us do this. They provide a very important technology for the carriers. And then, with the recursive DNS, it's what controls the onramp to the Internet, it's what controls traffic flows across the carrier backbones. We're in a great position to combine that with our capabilities to really help the carriers manage large traffic flows. Now, on top of that, Nominum's built their enterprise services, the enterprise security services that are very synergistic with our Enterprise Threat Protector services. And so, this will help Enterprise Threat Protector and it will help grow the Carrier channel for us; already our fastest growing channel, but I think helps it further. So it's important for us in both senses: first with enterprise security products and capabilities; and, secondly, deepening the relationship with the world's major carriers.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. I think we're very pleased to see, within the Media area, very pleased to see the growth in video traffic. That's, of course, where we're focusing. And that's been, I think, the major change from prior quarters. And I think with the big six, again, we're going to get used more for video, we're going to get used more for live and linear events within video. So not a fundamental change there. Of course, we did do some very large events that we talked about; and those were for some of the giant platform companies. So not a fundamental change. Again, if quality matters, which it does more for video, there will be more business turning to Akamai.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I think the sustainable drivers for traffic are focused around OTT and the growth there. And, for us, to gain share there is the focus on quality, on scale, on affordability, on the functionality that we talked about. Low-latency streaming, being as current or better than satellite, instead of 10 seconds to 90 seconds behind satellite for the client-side software that provides even better quality and potentially lower price, for capabilities like accelerated ingest or connecting directly to our large customers' origin, broadcast operation support. All these things that Akamai uniquely does, I think, help us and our sustainable drivers for traffic growth for Akamai.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Right. No, good question. These are very early days. We just released our first product, as we've talked about. And we'd like to see it start to make a difference at the end of 2018. So it's big enough that you'll start to notice, and we'll report it out separately. Our goal is to have the same kind of growth trajectory we had for web security, which was nothing about five years ago, and now is on a $0.5 billion a year run rate. So that's the goal, which would mean we'd start to see something meaningful by the end of next year.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. We, principally, don't look at it from the product perspective there. There's such a blurry line between the Media products and the low-end Performance products. And so, the Web Performance product number gets caught up in Media. So I don't think it makes sense to look at it that way. I think the right way to look at it is what the Web Division number is, and that grew at 14%. Of course, Security is an important part of that, but so is Performance. And we have more revenue from our Performance products there than we do Security still. So I would say that business is strong and growing in a good clip. Like all of our businesses, it's very competitive. And we have seen some burstiness in public sector, which is part of our Web Division customer base. And as we talked about, there's a little bit of softness there right now. And that helped contribute to go from a 16% growth rate in the Web Division to 14%. So I think that's the right way to look at it. You don't get caught up in anything that's going on around Media, and whether they're buying Media products or Performance products. Think of it as the Web Division customer base. That's how we think about it. And it's at a very healthy 14% growth rate.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. I think the pricing trends are pretty typical in the Performance business. Every year, the pricing based on traffic comes down per byte delivered. We do have several new products there that are very successful. There's the entire security product line that we talked about. We also have Image Manager, which is new in the last year, getting a lot of success in terms of the Web Performance products. We have now the mPulse and the SOASTA products now in the marketplace getting traction. We have the mobile SDK for the mobile apps. An increasing the amount of the traffic is going to mobile apps. And so, the API traffic there is very important. So those are new products that we're bringing to market. And that helps offset the normal decrease in pricing, so that we actually grow the revenue we're receiving for our Performance products in the existing customer base. And I wouldn't really think too much about the overlap of the low-end Performance products that our Media customers can buy. Think about it in terms of the Media Division and what they're doing; and a lot of that we're focused on there is on video. And then, you think about the Web Division customer base, which is pretty much everybody about media and carriers. That's the vast majority of the Fortune 1000, and they focus on the Web Performance products and the web security products. And we're seeing very strong growth there. No unusual behavior, I would say, in pricing. And the good news is, there's new products we're bringing to market, not only in security, but also in Web Performance that are gaining traction.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Right. I think the new products will help the Performance product revenue going into 2018. They are new this year, so they're at very early stage in terms of their overall revenue contribution. But, yeah, I think you will see improvement in 2018 based on those new capabilities.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. We don't split that out. But obviously that segment is growing more rapidly within the entire Media portfolio, but we don't give that split on a quarterly basis.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. We got a great response at our Customer Conference. For those of you who weren't there or didn't see the video, we offered a free 30-day trial, a freemium capability. And we were really pleased to see that a lot of customers signed up on the spot to try it out. And we derive revenue in two ways from SOASTA. One is when they buy the service on an ongoing basis, because it really helps them manage their websites and apps more effectively and their online businesses more effectively. And then, of course, when they see the benefit they can get by adding new Akamai capabilities, there's a very strong tendency to buy those capabilities from Akamai. And so, we get revenue from our other Performance services on top of just the plain SOASTA revenue. So we were very pleased with the response and really excited that customers on the spot there could turn it on and start seeing what's going on with their websites.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. And on the second question, I think we're in very good shape there. We talked about recently doing 60 terabits per second of traffic, and I can tell you there was plenty of headroom on top of that available for us. And, as you may know, we put a ton of work into always improving the efficiency of our software and platform, and that helps us get more bits per second out of every dollar we spend on colo or a CPU. And so, we have plenty of room now. And as we go into next year, what we have will be able to produce even more. So that's an area where we're pleased with the progress we're making, and I think we're in pretty good shape.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, sure. Things like per subscriber pricing, per geo or per carrier pricing, pricing depending on a particular customer's needs. So just a lot of flexibility there so that we can align our pricing to our customer with their revenue model so that it takes a little of the risk off of them and they can run their businesses more effectively. So that's the kinds of things that we are doing in the marketplace as customers come up for renewal.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. The first one is, we provide an annual update on EBITDA margins. Again, we don't manage the company that way. That is just a – we do an annual exercise to go through allocating the company's costs into the various businesses. And so, a Media update would kind of be not appropriate. I'll certainly provide an update on the margin profile of our businesses, and probably more notably even our divisions at the upcoming Investor Summit that we'll do in Q1. But I think it's fair to say, call it, in aggregate without even having even done the model that some of what you're seeing is probably a modest compression in the EBITDA margins for Media and probably stable margins within the Performance and Security business.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. And again, as I said that we'll update them again in Q1, because we don't do it and we don't manage the business that way. I've just given you some general qualitative color. But, yes, it would be compared to what I shared in Q1.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. On the last question, you want to think about it as reallocation of resources which we've done a bunch of and in the process of doing to get greater focus and more return for the investment. As Jim talked about, we are very serious with how we invest every dollar. In terms of the video traffic growth, we saw strong traffic growth really across the board, but I think you want to think of it as more broadcaster OTT high-quality video than social. And I think in the long run, OTT will – the big bits will be driven by the broadcaster, the high-quality long-form content.
James Benson: I think you're thinking about it the right way. Whether it's a trough or not, Q2 is also a quarter for the company where we do tend to seasonally have an uptick in expenses just in the core business. And so, it'll probably be a little trough in Q1 and Q2, and then it should scale from there.
James Benson: I think also, when you measure based on the Internet as a whole, we're growing faster than the Internet as a whole...
James Benson: No, I think you covered it pretty well that, obviously, the revenue is a function of traffic and price point. And I think, as Tom outlined, that what we saw was a acceleration in traffic growth. Our expectation is, if we can continue to execute well, you'll start to see that acceleration in traffic growth manifest itself into an acceleration in revenue growth in the Media business.
James Benson: So we spent about $129 million in the quarter in the buyback, and our cash from operations was about mid-230s.
James Benson: Yeah. I mean, I don't think it would be appropriate to talk about the price for Nominum. The deal hasn't closed yet. The deal is supposed to close kind of in the next couple weeks. You'll certainly see it in our Q4 cash flow statement, but I'd rather not comment on it right now until the deal closes.
James Benson: Yeah. I think we've talked about it before that the way our buyback program works is it's an algorithm and it basically is an algorithm that buys back more shares and spends more money when the stock price is at lower valuation levels and it buys back less when the stock price is at higher valuation levels. So you certainly saw that the uptick in Q3 was a function of our belief that obviously the company's valuation was low. As you can imagine, we're fortunate to have the benefit of generating a lot of cash as a company and having a fair amount of cash available to be able to do both buybacks and M&A. And so, buyback has been an important component of our capital strategy. As you can imagine, one of the things we've talked about is that we've been acquisitive in areas, most recently with SOASTA and next with Nominum, and so we'll modulate the buyback program based on also firepower that we want to have available for M&A. But we viewed Q3 as an opportunistic time to spend more on the buyback.
James Benson: Yeah. The first one is that, as you can imagine, Nominum's growth impact on Akamai is going to be fairly minimal early on because of the impact of deferred revenue and purchase accounting, because a very large percentage of their business is a license and perpetual revenue stream where we're not going to be able to recognize that revenue until we resell their business once we bring them on. But their business, on an organic basis, was growing in kind of the high-single digits. But combined with Akamai, we think that we're going to be able to integrate that, as Tom mentioned, some of the capability into our security offerings and increase the revenue growth rate. It's going to take a while to anniversary this deferred revenue impact. So you should expect to see their business kind of begin to accelerate, from a growth rate perspective, throughout 2018 and more notably into 2019.
James Benson: Sure. So on the Q4 revenue guidance, actually, we think this is a pretty robust guidance. We had a very, very strong Q3. Actually, and as we mentioned, significantly better than what we expected going into the quarter. And, as you mentioned, that the holiday seasonality plays a large role in where Q4 revenue land. So we think it's a reasonably strong guidance. I think it is fair to say that we had an exceptionally strong Media quarter last Q4, so there's a pretty significant difficult compare in the Media business year-on-year. But I think, as I color the guidance, that I think that – if the holiday season and the e-commerce season is strong, we would expect to be kind of towards the higher end of our guidance. And if it's not as strong, maybe to the lower end and kind of, call it, the midpoint, call it, having a solid holiday season. And again, last Q4 was a very strong holiday season and was a very strong e-commerce season. So tough to predict what's going to happen. Those things are somewhat out of our control, all-in making sure that we're the provider of choice for that business. And as far as cost efforts, I think Tom commented a little bit on it. We are continually focusing on cost, in particular around driving more network costs out of the platform, driving bandwidth costs down, getting more efficiency out of collocation, software efficiencies to get more kind of throughput out of our servers. So there's a lot of activity. That's not something new. It's something that we continue to do. You kind of heard from my guidance for the fourth quarter that we're expecting an uptick in gross margins from Q3 to Q4. Invariably, some of that is seasonally when revenue grows like it does Q3 to Q4, but you can also read into that that we're making continued progress on our network cost efficiencies. And we do the same thing on the OpEx side, that some of what you've seen here recently with some compression for the company's EBITDA margins has been heavily driven by acquisitions that we've done. And it takes a while to absorb and scale these acquisitions that we think are the right things for the business. And then, there are targeted areas of investment that we want to make sure that we're investing in even with what's been happening kind of more recently with our Media business slowing. So this is a pretty balanced approach we take to the business, focusing on managing costs in the network and focusing on managing and kind of prioritizing cost around OpEx as well.
James Benson: And with the growth rates, we are looking to get to double-digit growth rates for the company by the end of 2018. We believe that we can do that and looking forward to that next year.
