James Benson: So it's the latter, which is the -- we've agreed to pricing terms. We have to finalize all the -- kind of, dot the i's and cross the t's but it will retroactive pricing to January 1. And that's what's reflected in the guidance.
James Benson: That's a good question. I think we shared with you all year that there were going to be 2 things: One, you need to get the reps onboard; and then, two, we will be monitoring the productivity of the reps and we call it, by tenure class. And we said that it takes several quarters before a rep is fully productive. And as you know, we only began to ramp up the sales force investments really in the back half of 2012. And so, call it, the first class of tenured reps is, kind of, coming full circle here. And what we saw across the board was we just saw, again, all the reps by tenure class are tracking to our expectations and you're starting to see the benefit now of reps that have been a long -- in the company for a longer period of time are beginning to produce. And so, again, I would say it wasn't a big driver of the revenue overachievement in Q4, but that strong bookings, which was significantly higher than it had been all year, I think, is a proof point of what we've been saying, which is we expect to see accelerating revenue growth in the performance and security solutions category in 2014. I think this is a really important proof point, that the sales force is onboard, they're trained and we're starting see some productivity from them that we're expecting to see yield revenue growth in 2014.
James Benson: Sure. I think the way to think about it, I think the business, in general, across the board is very strong. It's strong in the media business, it's strong in performance and security, it's strong in service and support. And one of the reasons why we provided some color about this large customer renegotiation in Q4 is we wanted to make sure it was open and transparent that the rest of the business is performing very well. And I think what this is reflecting in our guidance is you can see the rest of the business is performing very well. That pricing impact is factored into the guidance and it's -- as we said, this is a customer that has not had a pricing adjustment for several years. So it is a significant impact. But the rest of the business in media and in performance and security is just compensating for that. And it's just offsetting what is a headwind from 1 particular customer.
James Benson: Well, we're going to continue to make investments in the sales force. We haven't specifically provided guidance around what that's going to be, but you can expect that we're going to be adding sales reps at, kind of, a similar rate clip in 2014.
James Benson: So we're not going to provide any details about the customer negotiation. That's us -- between us and the customer. So we're not going to give you the average contract length or any of that. I can tell you that the pricing impact is as of January 1 and we expect this customer to be a continued customer for us going forward.
James Benson: Sure. So to take your first -- and I'm glad you asked on the holiday season. I think, sometimes, people think that the holiday season impact is really just the commerce effect and it's really much more than that. The -- there's a significant amount of new devices that get released around the holiday season that drives a lot of traffic. There's usually a significant number of software downloads or gaming releases that come around the holidays that drive a lot of traffic. And really, what we saw in Q4 was -- as I mentioned, it was across the board. We saw very strong growth in our social media customers. We saw very strong growth in our video delivery customers. We saw very strong growth in gaming. We saw very strong growth in software downloads. So it wasn't 1 area, it was all areas, all 4 areas that we talked about as far as secular, kind of, tailwinds. And our media business continued to perform very well. And that was really what took place in Q4. And relative to commerce, commerce is really germane to our B2B customers and B2C customers and we had a strong commerce season. But I'd say, the -- probably, the most noteworthy was what we saw around just incremental traffic in the media space. And relative to margins, we have told you for a while that we intend to operate the company in the low-40s EBITDA. We ended Q4 at 44%. And you're right, you can do kind of the math around ultimately when the impact of the Prolexic acquisition occurs, that that's going to have about a 2 point impact on EBITDA margins. And I think what we're trying to tell you is that we believe that we -- our aspiration is to grow this company at a compound annual growth rate of 18-plus-percent growth rates. And we want to make the investments in the business either organically or through M&A to enable that. And we believe that operating the company in the low-40s EBITDA is going to enable us to do that.
James Benson: And, Colby, relative to the guidance range, the company is getting bigger now. And so, I think it's time for the company to widen the guidance range, that when you start approaching $400-million-plus per quarter in revenues, I just think it makes sense to widen the range. We've told you in the past that, in particular, the media business will have more variability because of traffic spikes due to gaming releases, software downloads, et cetera. And even though we've seen some sustained growth there, there can be some spikiness there. And so, what we're trying to do and account for that by broadening the range a little bit.
James Benson: I think we told you that I'm actually -- it's a stuff that actually track -- we actually haven't added a dollar of co-location spend really in -- over 2 years. So you're right. And I think it really attributes to our network operations and engineering teams that they've just driven a lot of initiatives that have been -- allowed us, one, to get more throughput out of the servers that we have on the network and not have to add co-location costs. And so, it's really -- it's a combination of a lot of factors with -- but we think we can maintain all of that. I don't think that we're going to continue in a model that we'll never add co-location spending. But we think we can maintain the momentum that we have. And what that's going to equate to is a stabilization in gross margins from the levels that we're at right now. And then, I would say, over time -- when I say over time, as the mix shifts more to the performance and security solutions -- you should see some gross margin expansion. But that's going to take some time as those businesses grow.
James Benson: Yes. So we shared with you that we had a plan to end the year with about 308 sales reps. We actually ended the year at 310. So we did a little bit better than we expected. And that's a net add of about 95 now -- year-on-year. There were a few sales reps in the prior year that were from the ADS business. We actually have a net add of actually over 100. So we had, roughly, 215 last year and now we have 310. And we're not going to provide specific guidance going forward of the exact number of sales reps that we're going to add. But I can tell you that we're going to add, as I mentioned earlier, at a similar rate and pace to what you've seen in the last year plus.
James Benson: No, no, it's going to be throughout the year. And I think one of the things we've shared with you is that, that sales force investment has been a little bit more weighted towards our international markets. And you'll -- you should expect that will continue to be the case.
James Benson: No, it's immaterial. It's not a notable driver of revenue. But it's an important proof point around the consumption of information on the Internet. And so, I think we comment on it because the more -- this is becoming much more pervasive, people watching live streams via the Internet. I think it just tells you that we're at the early days around people's consumption there. I think it's just going to continue to grow. But as an event by itself, it's not material at all.
James Benson: No, Michael, on the revenue guidance, the -- I think the expectation of the large customer negotiation is pretty much as we expected it to be. So it's just the health of the business outside this particular customer is just very, very solid. As I mentioned, it's solid across all of our categories. And I think we're just -- we're bullish that we're going to continue to see that in Q1.
James Benson: Yes. And the reason I used the term "low," is I hesitate to give you an exact number because I think it's going to vary based on different factors. Some people might think 43% is low, low-40s. Some people might think 41% to 42% is low. But I think that -- just to give you a little bit of color. So we're guiding to 44%. And I said that I think Prolexic is going to be a 2 point impact on EBITDA margin. So that will at least give you some color around what we expect in the near term to operate the company at.
James Benson: So on the COGS side, again, we've made great progress on co-location. On the bandwidth side, we continue to drive bandwidth cost down. We are a large purchaser of bandwidth so we certainly get buying leverage from that. And we -- there are other -- there are initiatives that we're driving to try to reduce bandwidth even further. So we think we can continue the kind of rate and pace of both bandwidth reduction and the progress we've made on co-location, again, yielding a stabilization in margins. On the sales ramp, again, I think we provided some color before on other calls that there are few things that are going to drive improvements in bookings. One, for your tenured sales reps, you want to make sure you retain them and we've done a very good job of doing that. Two, for your new sales reps, you want to make sure they are tracking to productivity expectations. And it's hard to call an average but it takes 4 to 5 quarters for a rep to get fully productive. And we track each rep class and see how they're tracking. And throughout 2013, we were tracking very well. And I think what you had in Q4 was the wraparound effect of more tenured reps for those that were hired in late 2012 and a little bit in -- early in 2013.
James Benson: So I'll take the margin. On the margin front, again, this was the second year in a row. I mentioned in the opening remarks that we've expanded gross margins. And I believe we can maintain the margin levels that we're at. And not calling that they're going to expand further other than what I had said a few questions ago, which is I think, over time, as more of the business is weighted to performance and security solutions, which have higher on average gross margins in the media business, that you will get some gross margin expansion but certainly not in the near term. I think we can stabilize gross margins in the near term.
James Benson: Sure. So we don't have -- as I said before, we don't have any 10% customers. I'm not going to talk about size of customers beyond that. We don't have any 10% customers. Obviously, we talk about this 1 notable customer that was close to that given their impact. And relative to the way we structure contracts, again, we've told you this time and again that, that's a nature of the media business. The media business is a business that's going to have variability in traffic. It's a business that's going to go through periods where you're going through a pricing reset and that's just the nature of the business. And I think we've proven over multiple years, when you look at this business, this is a very solid growing business. And so, it's -- you shouldn't overreact when there's a downtick in the business. I think if you look at this business over multiple years, it's proving to be a very steady grower in a very sticky business with our customers.
James Benson: I mean, I think it's consistent. Again, we're getting traction with all of our sales reps. I think we're getting traction across the portfolio. We continue to make good traction in selling our security solutions. We had a very strong quarter in selling our performance solutions in Q4. So I think, in general, across the board, we're getting good take rates for the new products that we've introduced.
F. Thomson Leighton: Okay. First, let me make it really clear that the PRISM press has had no meaningful impact on our business. And I don't anticipate it will. It is not a good thing out there. It does cause conversations to take place. There might be a deal or 2 in Germany that take longer, but that's not impactful in any meaningful way to our business. So I want to make that really clear. Second, in terms of net neutrality, I think there's still a ways to go before all that plays out. As you may know, CDNs were excluded as part of the net neutrality regulations in the first place. To the extent that changes are eventually made that are beneficial to the carriers, I think that's either neutral or beneficial to Akamai. As you know, we partner very closely with the carriers. We have deep strategic relationships with several of the major carriers. And so, if something happens that's favorable to them, being a major technology provider to them, that is helpful to us, I think.
F. Thomson Leighton: And in terms of the do-it-yourself, generally, any very large media company at one time or another, I think, in the past or currently, is looking at a do-it-yourself solution. That is not uncommon. Do-it-yourself, as we've always talked about, is one of our largest competitors. It's a lot harder than people think, though, to really do the delivery at scale, continually improving it and to continually be reducing the cost for it. And we've seen examples where very large media companies have gone off and done it and then, within some small number of years, realized that it's not core to them and they're not doing it as well as they had hoped. And they actually come back and use Akamai again. In fact, there's a large media company today that's nearing the second end of that cycle. It's not as -- not so easy to do and we put a lot of effort into doing it really well and to continually improving the quality, the scalability and the cost.
F. Thomson Leighton: So I'll take the first question. The VDMS, or the digital media unit within Verizon, purchased EdgeCast. That group has been a competitor with Akamai in the past and will remain so in the future as a result of the acquisition. Akamai's relationship with Verizon has been through the Enterprise Services, or VES group. That relationship is not changing right now. So customers can continue to use that channel for Akamai services and both companies are committed to continuing and making that work. Obviously, it's a situation that we're closely monitoring. But at this point in time, we don't see any near-term impact to our business as a result of the acquisition.
F. Thomson Leighton: I don't think so. That's a macro trend. It's been going on for over 10 years, I would say. And that's -- any given account, it works over a period of years generally, both to get started and to wind it down, if that's what happens.
F. Thomson Leighton: This is something we've been seeing in a steady state for as long as I can remember. It is not uncommon for a very big media company to think about and/or try to do it themselves. Once you go down that path, the lifespan is generally measured in a period of years. And over a period of years, a lot of things change. Our services get better all the time. Costs change pretty dramatically over a period of years. And so, what may have seemed like a good idea at the time, after a period of years often doesn't.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. In terms of international markets, percentage of our revenue that's been outside of North America has been pretty steady. But I think the growth should start coming more internationally. We're making majority of our investment outside of North America. We're opening new territories, we're getting a lot more feet on the ground in territories where we've been established outside of North America. And you think about where the people are and the people are coming online in a lot of the businesses and you would look outside of North America. So I think, over the longer term, we would expect the percentage of our revenue that's outside of North America to grow.
F. Thomson Leighton: That's not exactly the way we think about it. We're looking to make acquisitions that will help Akamai grow, bring greater benefit to our customers that can come in the form of a company that has existing revenue. Quite often, we buy companies that really don't have any revenue, but they've got a good technology and really smart employees that we can integrate into Akamai and bring leverage to what they've got across our customer base to help Akamai grow. So when we think about M&A, we're looking to make acquisitions that will help Akamai grow and bring better value to our customers.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. I think the e-retail community is very interested in our Kona Site Defender and our Security Solutions. Because of our distributed network and tremendous capacity and all the investment we put into our web app firewall, we're really in a great position to help defend against the largest and most nefarious attacks out there, whether they're attempting to do a denial of service or to go in and corrupt content or to steal information from the website. And there's just many examples of named brands that have been hit by cyber attacks over the last several months and last couple of years. So I think there is increasing awareness now really across the board, but certainly in the e-commerce vertical.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. I think we're making excellent progress with carriers. Now of course, as you know, we have over 1,200 network partners. But in particular, we put a lot of focus on the leading global carriers and getting a much deeper and more strategic relationship there. And during the prepared remarks, I summarized the major step forward we took last year. And I hope you'll see an impressive group of new carrier strategic relationships this year. So it's an area where we're making a lot of effort and I think it has a lot of long-term value to Akamai. We view ourselves as being a technology -- a strategic technology supplier to the major carriers. The carriers own the last mile. They have great enterprise relationships. They are helpful to us in a variety of ways, help us to get to market, help us improve quality, help us reduce costs. And we do the same thing for them. We help them improve quality. We help them bring services to market. And we help them provide better service to their customers and to their end users. So I would say I'm very pleased with the progress there and we're making a lot of effort. In terms of hybrid cloud optimization, it's very early stages. We had excellent early traction last year. We actually have our technology deployed in several stores around the world on a trial basis. The feedback from those trials has been very encouraging. As you may know, we demonstrated our software running on a Cisco branch office router at our Edge Customer Conference in October and that relationship is making good progress. And just as I mentioned earlier, at CES, we took another set of Akamai software and put it onto a Qualcomm Atheros Home Gateway -- Smart Gateway device and showed how that can bring benefits to the home in terms of improving the speed of software delivery, improving the quality of movies that you watch and decreasing the congestion along the last mile. And the really nice thing about that is that demonstration was actually done by Qualcomm, at the Qualcomm booth at CES. So we're in early stages. We're not forecasting any meaningful revenue this year, but I am optimistic about the long-term value of that capability. And that's one of the areas we look at for driving new sources of revenue for Akamai going years into the future.
F. Thomson Leighton: Sure. Everything is going mobile. We see about 25% of the transactions today being done from a mobile device, some of our customers in some parts of the world, that's already the majority. We believe that, within a couple of years, it will be the majority across our platform. That creates the challenge for performance. As you can imagine and probably you know from just using a mobile device, that it's a lot slower to do your web applications and transactions on a mobile device than it is on a land device, especially if you're on a cellular network. And as more of those transactions go mobile, this becomes a really important problem for the application owner, for the enterprise, for the commerce side, for the bank. And that's where we provide, really, substantial value. We're not quite to the point where we can make it as fast as a landline yet, but we can bring it a lot closer. And with our new real user monitoring as part of Ion, we can really give that kind of visibility to our customer. And they are now much more interested in mobile performance since it's becoming so important. In terms of media, the proliferation of the devices causes the need for a lot of software downloads because the device, itself, runs big software packages. And then, as you download each app on your device, that means you're downloading software. And as you play games on it, that means you're downloading software. So we do see a lot of demand for software downloads because of the proliferation of the devices. Now in terms of video, I think, in the long run, the large majority of the bits will be watched from the living room, probably on some kind of TV device. That said, people will watch videos when they're on the run, they'll watch their sporting event when they're on the run. So there are certainly more devices which can be downloading video. The big quality or the high quality, which means the high bit traffic for a video, you think will tend to be more centered on a bigger screen, which tends to be less mobile. So there's some increase in video traffic because of mobile. But I think, in the long run, it's more of the change in the formats, things like 4K, Ultra-HD and the viewing habits, where you go home and you watch something over IP instead of over cable or satellite and that's what will drive the traffic. And lot of that growth won't be mobile devices, per se.
