Tom Leighton: Yes, this is Tom. Great questions. The traffic, I would say, growth moderation seems to be pretty much global and that coincides with a pretty much global reduction in things like mask mandates and quarantines and so forth, except for China. And we don’t do domestic to domestic delivery in China, so we wouldn’t be able to see that. So there’s no particular geographic dependence there and you’re on a great point about counterbalance through security. Obviously, we’re negatively impacted in terms of traffic and a few customers, because of the war and Ukraine. On the other hand, attacks have gone way up, the volume of attacks. And that’s an area where we can really help our customers. And so there could have some counterbalance in terms of the security business. And obviously, as I mentioned, customers are really worried about ransomware attacks and malware, and we’ve got a great solution for that with Guardicore. And as we talk about the macroeconomic challenges, the fears of a recession, the inflation – customers probably increasingly concerned about saving cost going forward and that could provide some counterbalance as well, with our Linode solution, we’re in a really good position to help major enterprises decrease their cloud spend. We find that many of them have seen that spend increase dramatically. And now they can use Linode for applications, especially, enterprises that are already set up in a multi-cloud environment. They’ve got their applications and containers or VMs, and they could easily move those to Linode and save money. So there could be some counterbalance here as we go forward. That’s a very good observation.
Tom Leighton: No, that’s a great question. And yes, CapEx is much more efficient. Of course, we’re investing heavily to grow the Linode footprint. In terms of OpEx, we’re always working to be more efficient with our OpEx to deliver traffic. And we’re seeing the benefits of that even now. You look at the impact that FX for example is having on our operating margin and then, having less traffic and yet still we were at 29% to 30% with op margin for this year. And now we’ll be, I think really closer to the low end of that range. But it’s because that we’ve been able to be much more efficient on OpEx that we can hold it there and not be lower than that. And of course, we are – also it’s important that we are going to continue to invest certainly in security and compute. We don’t want to be a very temporary solution with FX to induce us to do something that would hurt us long-term with our growth and security and compute. And if you look at our business today and I think it’s pretty important to note that the majority of our revenue is now security and compute, and that is growing currently at over 25% as reported. And so the last thing we want to do is somehow scale back investment there when it’s just a fabulous a couple of businesses just because there’s stuff going on with FX and the macroeconomic environment. And Ed is trying to get back on, but we can keep going and I’ll do my best Ed invitation in the meantime.
Tom Leighton: Yes, obviously very early days, but we’re really excited about the potential for that traction. I give you just, one anecdote, I was in Europe meeting customers last month and met with one of our major media workflow partners. And I was going to go to talk to them about Linode because they have a big cloud spend and we feel that could be really relevant for moving to Linode. They’re very happy Akamai partners and customers. And I was going to tell them about the acquisition, but I get there, we shake hands. First thing he says is, wow, great acquisition. And he’s is the CEO, but turns out he has a pass as a developer knew about Linode, loves them and he’s into multi-cloud and he said, look, what we did is we already have our workflow apps and containers. And so we thought, what the heck let’s try it. And so they moved him over to Linode and he said, it worked great. And he said, we’re going to save money to boot. And it’s really easy to use. And we didn’t even know because Linode really is easy to use that we didn’t know this was even taking place. So I do think we’re in an excellent position to not only increase the existing Linode customer base, but provide Linode capabilities to major enterprises. And of course, Linode really appeals the developers and increasingly developers are making the decisions or heavily influencing the decisions that have major enterprises as was an example in this case.
Tom Leighton: Yes. And to Ed’s point, it’s not direct on us, but there is some concern among our media customers in terms of subscriptions and how their business is doing. And so we just keeping an eye on that in terms of the end users reacting in cutting cost and consuming less online. So, I don’t think that’s a major factor yet, but it’s something we’re keeping an eye on.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Just to add to that in terms of investment and opportunities, obviously scale is something we’re really good at and distribution, which we’re putting a lot of effort into, and our customer base, which Linode really hadn’t tapped into and being a smaller company, probably a little harder for them to go after major enterprises in terms of the credibility and so forth. But that’s really easy for us to do. And just as I talked about with examples before you take Linode ease of use, and our customer base and those customers that are multi-cloud, and have their apps and containers, they can move them over and save money when they do it. And bring it closer to their delivery and security, which has been occupy where the market leaders at. So, I think there’s a really great opportunity to jumpstart a significant growth among major enterprises for Linode.
Tom Leighton: Yes, that’s another great point. The hyperscalers have a lot of managed services and added functionality on their platform, which Linode doesn’t. Now, if you’re the kind of company that likes to do those things yourself well, that’s easy to do on Linode. If you’re the kind of company that wants that done by your cloud provider, well, Linode doesn’t do that today. Now, over time, we will be adding more and more capabilities there. So it really, so today I wouldn’t say that that every customer would be in a position to move everything over to Linode. That is certainly not the case. But I think there is a pretty significant segment where it can be done and does make sense to do. And over time we want to grow the kinds of the number, in the types of applications that will make sense to move on to Linode. And it is helpful that, certainly our customer base is already using us for market leading delivery, market leading app acceleration or market leading security. So there’s a lot of synergy there. And I think the combination of that synergy ease of use and cost savings, it’s a pretty exciting combination.
Tom Leighton: Yes, it was way above, certainly the first year and very strong the second year. And I would say comparison a small decreasing growth rates, still growing very strong, but less than I think have been expected. And we’re seeing that the same for the internet as a whole. Now, and we’re also seeing our growth be stronger than the internet as a whole, which is good. That’s what we want to keep seeing, because it means we’re – taking more of the internet traffic when that happens. So, I would say the step down, we’ve seen so far is less than the step ups that we’ve seen. And I think that’s because a lot of the increased use of the internet for everything, for video, for gaming, for commerce, remote work, I think a lot of that is here to stay. But right now with all the restrictions coming off except for China, I think that’s a big part of why we’re seeing a little bit of a decrease in traffic growth rates right now.
Tom Leighton: No, you're right. It's the – it's just the pie is not growing as fast. The pie is not shrinking; the pie is just not growing as fast. And we believe based on talking to our customers and our carrier partners and what we see that our share of the pie is stable or growing and that we are not on balance losing share of the pie.
Tom Leighton: Yes, so the nice thing with the Linode acquisition is we're not required to make any additional investments in sales, per se. We're going to be obviously bringing this to our channel partners and our sales reps can sell it as a matter of fact, a lot of our customers, if you look at their CDN spend to cloud spend, it's orders of magnitude, larger on the cloud side. So we're talking to the same people that are spending money there. Our teams are will be trained up and ready to go for being able to sell Linode. On the security side, you do tend to hire more specialists. And if I look at sort of where PJ is investing in sales, we are invest a lot in Guardicore not only just with sales reps, but also with technical specialists that help the sales team and professional services folks as well. So you're seeing the investment more leaning in towards the sales side, and you're getting a lot of leverage from the Linode standpoint.
Tom Leighton: Well, as best we're hearing as sort of the first and third there's fewer subscriptions, in some cases, some cases subscriptions reversing. Some cases when the subscriptions are okay, there's traffic growth, but slower traffic growth, and they had anticipated and that they had seen before. And so I think, part of that is that people are just out more right now. Also on the commerce side, and there's been public reports about this, that more brick and mortar sales than there have been, and a little bit less on the online side, which is understandable I think. Given that people are apparently out and about more with less restrictions. So I think there's sort of a variety of factors and it's early days here and probably we'll learn a lot more over the next couple of months.
Tom Leighton: Yes, good question. So I would say a couple things to respond to that. So the renewals like I said are coming in largely as expected. The big change is the rate of growth. So that also impacts your conversations going forward. So we've talked for years about how the pricing and the market is fairly efficient in terms, especially with the high volume media environment and it's really driven by volume. So to the extent that customers have less volume, the discounts rates will start to come down going forward. So I would expect to see over time if customers aren't growing at the same type of rate, they're not going to get the same kind of discount. So we may see that take hold over the next several quarters as we go through more renewals and that sort of thing.
Tom Leighton: Yes, this is Tom. On the network side that would be [indiscernible] which is our DDoS mitigation service doing very well. And that we've seen a lot of attacks over the last year, especially around ransom or extortion DDoS attacks. And we've been in a great position to; I had a lot of customers, major enterprises that were going to be potential victims of those attacks. Also we have DNS capabilities, which are widely used as part of the network security product lines, and I would say doing, doing very well.
Tom Leighton: Yes. And those are all part of our app and API protection group, which is where we're seeing the re-acceleration Ed talked about.
Tom Leighton: Sure. Yes, sure. So the – on the free cash flow side, you'll notice that Q1 tends to be a little bit lighter on the free cash flow side. And a lot of it has to do with when the timing of when bonuses get paid and you can look, if you look kind of year over year, it's sort of in line, Q1-to-Q1 it will expand as we go out throughout the year, but I think one big key takeaway. If you go to the CapEx section, which obviously impacts free cash flow quite a bit. We had originally talked about the sort of call it, Akamai excluding Linode being 13% to 14% from a CapEx perspective. And that Linode would add about two points. One of the things that we're able to do is take advantage of the slow down and growth rate of traffic to be able to pull in some of the CapEx associated with Linode and build out a little bit faster. But in addition to that, we've taken down our total CapEx. So I gave guidance for about 14% of total revenue for the year, which is about 2% better than what we had expected. So think of it as sort of folding in the Linode CapEx under the original umbrella. So that'll obviously help our free cash flow.
Tom Leighton: Yes. On the first question I think Analyst Day structurally it look a lot like it did last year. So we will look at long-term, CAGR is what we're trying to achieve. We'll talk lot about the compute business and our overall strategy. So high level similar to what you saw last year in terms of the structure. Obviously we've got a cool new things to talk about with our new products, the acquisitions, Guardicore, Linode and the compute product line where we're pretty excited about.
Tom Leighton: Yes. And that's one of the really nice things about our business now as we really are diversified. The majority of our revenue is now security and compute, not delivery, which is a pretty big milestone for a company that not too long ago was known as a CDN or a delivery company. And so when you do have these external factors that can hurt one side of the business, they might help other sides of the business, they might help other sides of the business. For example, security being tied to the war in Ukraine, or inflation driving a need to cut costs and now we have a really good answer for our customers with Linode. So it puts our business in a much stronger position, and we're much more diversified than we've ever been.
Tom Leighton: Yes. We've been working on edge computing, doing edge computing services for close to 20 years. We have the edge worker solution that has function as a service and thousands of POPs around the world, EdgeKV database capability and more and more applications having – our customers having an interest in having them work at the edge. You get tremendous scalability, instant scalability, you can spin up your edge worker app a few milliseconds and be really close to the end user. And I think we get more business there as you go forward, more and more of our customers are using it as they move to the – an API model and as you get 5G and as you get IoT and you have more demand for lower latency and scalability at the edge.  And of course, Linode is really exciting because now you get the core cloud compute capability. So you can just take your container, your app and the container and move it over to Akamai, and have the whole thing end-to-end from the core of the cloud to the edge. You can build your app on Akamai. You can run it on Akamai. You could deliver it on Akamai. You can do the compute you need at the real edge in thousands of places. And of course, we'll wrap it all in security for you. So I think compute is strong on its own from what we had. Now you get more strength with Linode and then you wrap it all together in the Akamai platform, which is really unique in terms of having 4,000 POPs. There is nothing like it in terms of having a true edge network, the scalability you get and the performance you get from that.
Tom Leighton: Yes. We're continuing to look at possible acquisitions. Obviously, we've done two large ones in a short period of time. I don't expect that to be the norm. We're generating a lot of cash, and we're going to use that to reinvest in the business, particularly in security and compute. So it's not impossible over time. You'll see other acquisitions like that. And probably, several smaller acquisitions like we've always done. Tech tuck-ins, adjacent products. So I think what you've seen is what you'll get, but not two big ones right away. That's not the norm. But we saw a real chance to have a game changer in enterprise security with Guardicore. Really, the right product to stop ransomware and a game changer in Linode, a leading alternative cloud that gives us – really completes the Akamai picture, I would say, in terms of powering and protecting life online, being able to build, run, deliver, accelerate and secure your app all in 1 platform is really exciting for us.
Ed McGowan: Okay, great. I’m sorry about that. I don’t know what happened little technical difficulties there, Keith. But I’m not sure if Tom got to your question about some of the things we’re doing on the cost. Okay, if there’s anything else I’m happy to take an additional question.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Jim, it Ed. Yes, I think you’ve got the pieces right there in terms of the different components, FX being about $55 million, Russia, you could say is about 1%, so call at about $30 million give or take. But the rest of it is the delivery. I think one of the things we tried to make clear in our prepared remarks was the Compute business is going great. We don’t have any – we’ve only owned the business for a little while, so there’s no change there in terms of our outlook. But certainly good early returns and then security is going great, did better than we expected this quarter. So it is limited to a delivery issue and is, I would say primarily, almost all volume driven that we’re seeing. So what we did basically is just adjust the growth rate that we expected for the remainder of the year. And then obviously, things can change over time. But based on what we’ve seen so far in the last couple weeks of March and the beginning of April, we just thought it was prudent to adjust that. So you’re thinking about it right in terms of the different pieces.
Ed McGowan: Yes. This is Ed. I’ll take that and Tom, if you want to add some color if I missed something here. So, in terms of the inflation and the impact on our business today, we’re not seeing a significant impact from inflation, whether that’s with labor costs or with our costs of our network and that sort of thing. We’re seeing a little bit of higher energy prices in Europe and that sort of thing. But our team does a pretty good job of trying to bake that into their deals when they sign colo deals and that sort of thing. That could obviously change, obviously the labor markets are pretty tight and that sort of thing. But I think the biggest macro impact from our business in terms of our change in outlook is really around the change in behavior where we’re seeing mask mandates lifted and people going out more shopping, more in-stores and that sort of stuff. And the impact on the traffic growth rate is probably the biggest impact. Obviously if we get a major recession that could potentially have a greater impact, but we’re not seeing that certainly in the security business, we’re not seeing customers pulling back. We’re not seeing deals size, the deals getting elongated or anything along those lines. It’s really more that, that impact on the traffic business.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So, I’ll start off with the question first, just the housekeeping item. We had about $3.5 million of revenue we see in the quarter from Linode. And then as far as the growth rate’s concerned, we’ll get into a lot more details when we see you in New York in a couple of weeks, but, obviously this is a very, very fast growing business, and Linode’s growth rate before we acquire them was at 15%. We think we can accelerate that pretty significantly as we introduce more features, more locations, more capabilities, and we start to tap into our enterprise customer base. So, we think that growth rate can accelerate pretty significantly.
Ed McGowan: Hey Jim, this is Ed, I’ll take that one. So yes, the bigger impact was definitely on the media side. So, I called out that we had renewals and when you have renewals, big renewals concentrated in a short period of time and you have a slowdown in your traffic rate; it does accentuate the impact to revenue. Typically we see in a normal year, you’d start to get back to flat line after several quarters and that sort of thing. We just think it might take a little bit longer based on the type of traffic growth rates we’re seeing. In terms of the hospitality and retail, two things to think about there. We are seeing a bit of traffic increase specifically in travel, small vertical for us about 4% give or take, but remember both travel and the media – sorry, the commerce vertical tend to buy our zero overage. So it’s a little bit traffic. It doesn’t have as much of an impact on revenue, but in terms of the biggest impact, that’s really on the media side in terms of the change in traffic. And also in terms of a percentage of overall traffic media represents us a significant portion greater than 90% of our total traffic.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Good question. So I called out on the call that there was about four customers that had term licenses and what I'll do going forward to the extent that there's anything material we'll call it out. I'd say the majority of customers have the more traditional subscription based model, but there are our customers, especially financial services that do like to have the management controller on premise. And that's what really drives the term license aspect of it and what requires us to take the revenue up front. But again, I think the majority will be in that category. Now, keep in mind with the term license, you do have to renew that subscription when the term goes up. The typical term one to three years, Tom mentioned that we did sign a fairly large three-year term deal. So there'll be some of that maintenance and whatnot that could spread out, but you are required to take a fair chunk of that upfront. But in general, I would say that the majority would be the SaaS type deals. And as far as the pipeline goes, it's always hard to call when a deal's going to hit in any particular quarter. I don't see anything significant here in Q2, I'm expecting more of a normal quarter, but to the extent there's anything we'll certainly let you know.
Ed McGowan: Yes, so, I think for the rest of the year, you'll see the business in decline because of the renewals that we have, we had half of them hit so far in the first quarter, the other half will hit in the second quarter. So you'll probably see a little bit of a step down in Q3 and then in Q4 tends to be your seasonally strong quarter. But you do have a tough compare. So I would expect it to be negative for the rest of this year. And obviously it'll fluctuate depending on the specific traffic levels. But Q4, we do typically see a strong season both with commerce and media, commerce has a less muted impact these days with a lot of customers, I think it's about 65% or greater have a zero overage contract. So commerce doesn't have as big of an impact, but media we've typically seen a pretty strong traffic in Q4. We expect to see a pickup in traffic probably a little less. So this year that's what we've modeled in.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So let me try to walk you through that, Rishi. So first of all, the tax impact is about $0.11. And that obviously has no – that's outside of any sort of change in the revenue. Then you get the FX impact is about $0.16. And then the Russia impact is call it another $0.09-ish give or take. So you've got about 60% of it is related to sort of those external factors and the remainder of it is related to just the revisions that we see in delivery.
Ed McGowan: Yes. On the inflation front, a couple of things there, obviously you could, I guess you could argue that inflation is causing rates to go higher, which is impacting the U.S. dollar. So there's the FX impact of that, so that's one thing to keep in mind, I guess. But one of the advantages of sort of the hybrid work environment is it enables you to look at acquiring talent from all over the place, instead of just on the couch [ph], you can look in the middle of the country and look at other lower cost areas. So that's one tool in our toolkit. The team's done a great job on the network side with our supply chain in terms of you negotiating and leverage power. A lot of our traffic on our network today is free in terms of bandwidth, so we're somewhat insulated from that. Obviously we'll keep a close eye on the labor markets, but as Tom mentioned there could be some impact to some of our customers and the decisions that they make in terms of their spending. Already we're spending on subscriptions or video or buying the next title for gaming or the gaming console and that sort of things. So that could have an impact on traffic. So what we're doing there is obviously pulling back a little bit on our CapEx for the core network. We're actually able to redeploy some of those resources that we have that know how to build out and scale the network and just go faster in Linode, which is great. So we're sort of taking advantage of some of the opportunities that this gives us and trying to insulate ourselves from any significant impact that inflation may have on the business.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Good question. So the sales cycles will vary. As Tom mentioned, there are certain workloads that are built in a container that's easy to move, so those can move relatively quickly. We've started our training, rolled out our compensation plan, so our sales team is starting to build the funnel. We're having good conversations with customers. We're starting to build out additional functionality. We put out a press release about our managed database capabilities the other day. We're be building out more locations. You'll hear a lot more from Adam when we get to the Analyst Day about specifically what we're doing and where we're heading.  I would say you start – in terms of how I'm looking at success, which we should start to see some of that materialize towards the back half of the year and really looking at what is our exit run rate going into next year and then what does that funnel look like. But we should start to see a lot of this materialize towards the back half of the year. It's probably a normal sales cycle. You got some early wins. You've got developers from customers that can start playing around adding new applications and that sort of stuff. But I think in terms of the more meaningful, impactful deal sizes, those should happen towards the back half of the year and into next year.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Good question. I'd say sort of the latter, what you just said there that is probably more of that people getting out. That's – you see that more on the video side in terms of less hours streamed, if you're watching 10 hours a day, you're maybe doing eight or six or whatever. But gaming is more of a seasonal issue. I'd say we saw more of an impact on gaming, not as many releases that had probably a bit weaker than we would have expected. I think in terms of the trends, it depends on what the cycle looks like going into the back half of the year in terms of major gaming releases. But the video side, I think, is a lot more behavioral.
