Edward McGowan: Sure. Keith, this is Ed. I'll take the first question on the strengthening the Internet platform customers. So the strength really came from video gaming and software. And I think the important thing here is to note that what it really demonstrates is that, despite the fact that these are large do-it-yourself customers. Akamai still has an important role and generally these customers will turn to us for scale or reach and geographies where there are not built out for security, for Web delivery, for functionality or for lowering live video. So we believe we still have a big opportunity with the Internet platform customers. But in terms of your second question as far as, should we think about this growth as being sustainable? I'd say kind of looking into the next quarter, I project it to be sort of flat to probably down $1 million to $2 million and sort of that range for the rest of the year. You got to keep in mind that they are no primarily large media customers and just like any media customers will have to go through some ups and downs in terms of contract renegotiations and also some of the content that we deliver, whether it's gaming content or software downloads can also be a little bit seasonal in the sense that you may have some quarters we have unusually large downloads or in the case of Q1, we saw significant number of really popular gaming releases.
Edward McGowan: Yes. Keith, just on your question around one-time item, just one thing to point out in Q4, we had a stronger than expected quarter with Nominum and Q1 one was a little bit lower. That tends to be timing. That's fairly common with the careers we tend to see a bit stronger Q4 and a little bit weaker in Q1. Just thought, I'd point that out.
Edward McGowan: Yes. We're always going to use this equipment. So the worst that happens, we don't see a lot of the upside on revenue, but we'll be using that equipment a quarter or two later.
Edward McGowan: Absolutely. Yes. Great question. So again, both divisions grew very nicely in Q1 and we saw accelerated growth in the media space and continued to benefit from the alignment we did about a year and a half ago with the sales force. So very, very pleased with what we're seeing in both Media and Web.
Edward McGowan: Yes. The churn was again, very low in Q1 and very - we're talking low single-digits, so great work there. And of course, that helps in the growth of the business and very optimistic about the growth of our Cloud Security business, we forecasted mid-20s and we did better that in Q1 and you look at the potential for our Akamai identity cloud, which is powered by Janrain and organically developed Akamai capabilities and you look at our zero trust solution with our enterprise, security capabilities and there's a lot of potential for future growth there.
Edward McGowan: Sure. I'll take that one. So in terms of the customers that came up for renewal, we mentioned on our last call, because it was notable, a little bit unusual in that we had a number of large media customers we consolidated in the industry and we're coming up for renewal. So that's why we had called it out and actually that's why you see the midpoint of the range down a bit from where we reported last quarter. What I would tell you is that that all, we had most of those reprice in Q1 and as far as our expectations came right in line with our expectations, maybe a touch better. We have a pretty good handle on the industry and what we expect in terms of pricing declines and renewals and whatnot. So I was happy to see that that came in as we expected. And as far as your question around security and the impact on pricing, I would say this - we have a strategy, especially in the Web Division where we're bundling security and Web Performance. And what's you see there is exactly what's you described where you will see pricing pressure typically in your Web Performance side of the business. And what our teams will do is bundle and security as a way to remain sticky, much more sticky I know location, but also what it does is while the Web Performance price may decline, you're able to maintain higher revenue levels then when you bundle in security.
Edward McGowan: Yes. So Mike, I think it's really three things here. One, there is some pricing declines as you as you're talking about. So that's one factor. The other thing is that we know which we're coming off a pretty seasonally strong quarter in Q4. But in terms of the CDN business as a whole, as you mentioned is growing about 2% and we expect to see that probably be flat to slightly declining as we worked through some of these pricing declines that we talked about with the renewals. But as Tom mentioned, we are gaining share and still growing. So we're offsetting our pricing declines.
Edward McGowan: And security is the bulk of that is subscription. There are examples I guess with very large customers that can have a traffic component, but most all of that subscription and probably will become increasingly so. So you can think of security subscription business.
Edward McGowan: In terms of our Enterprise Security offerings, led by Enterprise application access and the zero trust architecture, having a lot of positive response to the architectural approach. I'd say it's early days, good growth revenue, doubled year-over-year in Q1. And we're very optimistic about the future. Now it's still early days, it will take time for traditional enterprises to migrate to the cloud-based security model and migrate from a network layer authentication and security model, which has been a tradition now for a long time to an application layer authentication and security model that's in the cloud. But very good discussions with customers. They're very interested. The analyst community is very supportive and we're seeing very strong revenue growth, but early days and still relatively small amounts of revenue. But as we look to the future, we think it's an important source of growth for us.
Edward McGowan: Sure. This is Ed. In terms of growth, obviously we've got such a huge installed base and a lot of growth does come from our existing customer base and that comes through additional traffic growth as well as selling more services to existing customers. So always find that the bulk of that typically will come from our existing customers. That said, we've had a couple of quarters here on a row of pretty significant new customer bookings, now of course, we're growing off a really big base, so it's not a huge material number per se. But we've had made some changes in our go-to-market last year and we're starting to see some benefits of that, starting to see new customer growth, start to pick up a bit. In terms of the difference between the U.S. and International, in International, it's more of a greenfield opportunity as we're going into places like China, Indonesia and India. So there's a lot of new customer to acquire there. So new customer growth is probably a little bit stronger in our International markets that is in the U.S.
Edward McGowan: Yes. What I would say is obviously you've got, as Tom mentioned, Janrain and Zero Trust is working on small numbers. So in terms of impacting this year is going to be from our core KSD Bot management and Prolexic as the main driver. If you look further out with Janrain and with enterprise that would be future growth drivers along with continued growth. We still have a lot of opportunity on our installed base to be able to sell security. We had talked about, it was an earlier question on media. I know there was an area that we had identified year and a half ago, where there was a lot of opportunity and we've seen - we've been able to execute on that and still have a ways to go. So basically it's going to be from your core products and have a lot of room to go. And also from the new customer acquisition standpoint, most of our new bookings right now are coming from security. So we're leading with security. So it's a customer acquisition story as well.
Edward McGowan: No. So it's funny if you go back a year ago, it's roughly the same thing. There's a couple of things going on with timing. We actually have a number of customers that are prepaying, so we send out some invoices for our customers who pay in advance for full-year. And if you look at the quality of the aging, the aging quality is fantastic. So it's really nothing in terms of electability or anything around that, and this is purely a normal jump we see in Q4 and Q1.
Edward McGowan: Yes. I don't think we learned anything in particular there. As we talked about, we work closely with pretty much all the major gaming companies. I think people have been talking about running games that the CPU for the games in the cloud data centers for a long time. There's always a question about how much financial sense that's makes. We work with pretty much all the major gaming companies and you know, I think managing the metadata associated with the consoles and the devices that are playing games makes sense for us. And we can do that through our IoT Edge Connect platform. But I don't know that there's going to be a lot of the streaming for the individual game necessarily coming from the cloud. People have been talking about that now. Our customers, we've been talking to about that for probably over a decade. In terms of your question on headcount, yes, headcount is down. You may know that we've had a couple of restructuring charges in the last couple of quarters as we've looked to optimize some of our investments, the invest in some areas and invest in others in terms of a headcount growth going forward. Tom talked about the opportunities and security. So as we - some of that savings from other areas be reinvested back in security as well as our go-to-market, especially in the international markets where we see significant opportunity. In terms of headcount growth, I expect headcount to grow a bit here as we've taking some of these actions. That filled up the attire workforce in terms of the making these investments. So that's also factored into our guide. If you recall, I talked about operating margins coming down and touch here in Q4 and then reaccelerating Q2 and Q3 and everything.
Thomson Leighton: And on the security side, we're really excited about the potential for our security business. You know, growing at 29% was a little bit higher than we forecasted in guidance for Q1. Now I remember that the Nominum acquisition has now experienced its full year-over-year wrap around and there'll be a little bit smaller now than they were before, but 29% is great. In terms of Janrain, as Ed mentioned, it was a small amount in Q1 about $4 million. Now the nice thing about Janrain is that has a long runway. I've talked to a lot of customers, since the acquisition. They're very excited about the technology to manage customer logins to do that in a safe way. So they don't lose customer data. There's a lot of regional laws being passed around the world and they've got to comply with those laws and we can help them do that with Janrain. We can help support user opt-in, in terms of how the data's used. So a lot of runway to go with Janrain, very exciting. And of course you can have our enterprise security solutions, which I briefly mentioned in terms of winning awards in Q1 and they again are very small revenue today, but a tremendous runway with our zero trust architecture, a lot of excitement around that for the future. So we're optimistic. We can keep growing our security business that are very rapid clip well into the foreseeable future.
Thomson Leighton: Sure. I'll take that one. It's Tom. So yes, we're increasing our investment. In this time, I think what I would say is different is last time was really focused around one of that here and we've talked about a number of customers that are coming out with launching. Disney is one example, where there's a number of different opportunities that were more confident that we'll be able to see additional traffic growth associated with those. And in terms of the profitability relative to traditional media, I would say in line with - I wouldn't expect anything different there. Other than the fact if you see no significantly higher volumes, a lot of media pricing is based on volume discounting. So maybe a little bit of that there. But that's the, that's the primary reason why we're more confident. And the other thing to note too is our normal growth for traffic has been very, very strong. Tom alluded to the fact its growing faster than internet race. So the extent that we lean in a little bit here in Q2 just to be ready in case we do see significant traffic growth out of the gates. If we don't see that we can just dial back our CapEx spend and grow into the additional dollars spending.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. I think it's a very good relationship for Akamai and Azure, and especially for our customers. We we'll be going to market together with a much better approach, starting with big media companies to distribute their, streaming and video assets. It's a coupling at the technology layer, which results in better performance. There's economic benefits to our customers to take advantage of it, you don't have a very large cost associated with getting content off of the storage off of as Azure on to Akamai CDN that you would have with other large cloud providers or CDN. That's a very big cost that people don't talk about, but really impacts our customer base. And so not only will they get better performance through this partnership, but they're going to get lower cost same time. And of course, adding Akamai's scale and Edge platform, which is close to all the end users in the video players and you greatly enhance the scale of the solution for big media companies. And so I think it's really exciting for our customer base and it's great to have such a cooperative relationship that I think will be good for Akamai and Azure.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. As you know, there's dozens of small CDNs out there, literally dozens. You mentioned Fastly, we see them some in the market. They're not among the leading CDN competitors that were battling day-to-day out there in the market and have been for a long, long time. The folks we see most out there and the ones that have been doing it 10 or 15 years and they're the ones that we would most often see in the market. Pricing, it's always competitive about there, and there's no change with that. And that's where we got a big advantage. We're highly profitable. We put a lot of effort into driving efficiency and that's not just at the operational level, but at the technical level. We can drive a tremendous amount of traffic out of each dollar of CPU, each dollar for power, and square foot of co-lo. And that gives us a huge advantage when a customer needs a price point, we can go in there and offer that price point and stay very profitable, whereas the competitors that you're talking about are losing a lot of money. And when you're tiny, you can get away with that for a little while, but it really is hard to scale and eventually you hit a wall that you just can't keep doing that. And that's why a lot of the little CDNs have really struggled to get a size of several hundred million dollars in revenue. When they're really small, you can pretty much make anything happen, but it becomes hard to grow the company. And also with our profit in the amount of money we're generating, we plow that back into development of new innovative technology, acquisitions of other companies that provide capabilities that our customers want. You see that in the context of the security business, and Ed talked about Protect & Perform. So when we go compete against, a lot of the other CDNs out there, we're in a great position with Protect & Perform and all the other capabilities we have. And the other CDNs just can't stack up to that. So when they're small, it's easy to show a little bit of growth, but hard to scale that. And at the end of the day, our major enterprise customers want to see a company they can rely on over the long haul.
Thomson Leighton: Sure. So I'll take that one. In terms of the contracts completed, we've completed most of them in Q1. We've got another one to go here in Q2, but that's been factored into the guidance. Like I mentioned earlier, we've got a really good handle in terms of what goes on in the market and our pricing. So I anticipate that to come in line with what we're expecting. On the Web side, we don't break out our Web Performance product revenue anymore. Perhaps the best way to think about is if you look at our CDN, there is a proxy for Web Performance growth is probably fair. But in terms of some of the other products, we've seen great growth with our image manager product and continued growth with our performance management products, the DPM or Digital Performance Management product. So we're still seeing some really good growth outside of security with some of our newer Web Performance products. Our core Web Performance business as we talked about the area where we do see a bit of a pricing pressure.
Thomson Leighton: Also as we package, performance and delivery and protect and perform packages, it does make it harder to allocate the revenue, which is why that we report the divisions overall. Obviously, the Web Division is Performance and Security products dominated, Media is dominated by delivery and in OTT has some security sales, but dominated by the delivery products. Because it's just hard when a customer buys the package protect and perform, to allocate the revenue. So some of the CDN probably is doing a little bit better than you might think. But generally flattish to low single-digits, I think is a fair estimate there.
Thomson Leighton: Sure. Yes. So another thing to keep in mind, Michael is it, next year was even years so we'll have an Olympics and we'll also have a presidential election. So in general and even years, we see along with that just additional traffic roads. So that's one thing to factor in. But there's been a number of other public publicized OTT offerings, NBC, Time Warner, et cetera. And as I've mentioned before, we have excellent relationships with all the folks that have been rumored to have OTT launches going into next year. And we feel very confident that we should be able to get a meaningful share of that business.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, sure. I'll take the last part. So Janrain, as we talked about on the last call at about approximately $20 million. And we still believe that still the right number for the year.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. So that's still the case. And the U.S. retail market in particular is under an enormous amount of pressure. So are a couple of additional bankruptcies this year in the U.S. retail market. And what I would say about that is we haven't seen anything dramatically change in terms of the level of pricing compression. So it's relatively consistent in what we factored into our guy going forward.
Thomson Leighton: Sure. I'll take the first one, first question or second question first. In terms of the U.S. business, if you look at year-over-year, last year we have the benefit of the Olympics in Q1 and also we had Nominum and as I mentioned we had a very strong Q4 and Nominum last quarter and are a little bit lower than expected here in Q1, where last Q1 we had a pretty quarter with Nominum's you get reference. The another thing in keep in mind to is that in the U.S. that's where we have our biggest for challenge when the Web business, where our U.S. retailers are. So we've seen, you know, some, some continued pressure in that area. So that's, those are really the things that kept our U.S. growth down. And in terms of, the way to think about the international growth, that's an area that we're going to continue to invest in. We've been, for many quarters now in a row, we've seen significant growth in Asia as well as in Europe. And there's large opportunities in places like the Middle East and Latin America. So we're very bullish on the international growth and I think as we look at the remainder of the year for the U.S. as I mentioned earlier some of those large customers that we're consolidating, most of them are in the U.S. So I'd expect to see that flattish to slightly down in the U.S. here for a couple of quarters until we start to see a growth accelerate going into next year. And then your other question was on Security. If you look sequentially, you're right we're off above $5 million a quarter-to-quarter some of that is from Janrain. Remember I mentioned earlier that we did have a lot higher room, not a lot, but we had higher revenue and Nominum and Q4 and lower than expected revenue in Q1. So when you normalize that just back to somewhat of a normal sequential growth, maybe a little bit less than what you've seen in Q3 and Q4 last year, but a pretty decent clip. And we're still calling from mid-20s security growth year-over-year.
Thomson Leighton: Okay. Epic Game. So you talked about the anniversarying of Epic Games, which did launch here in and actually late Q1 early Q2. And then I think the question was on any customers over 2%. We don't break that out. But what I can tell you is we certainly don't have anyone even close to 10%. And we're seeing continued strong growth in Gaming. So Epic or Fortnite has really started the trend that a lot of other companies are trying to replicate. And as I mentioned, you're one of the strengths here in Q1 was due to Gaming and expect that to continue into the future. But one of the nice things about us relatives and some of our competitors is that we don't have a lot of customer concentration risk with any of our large customers. We have some large customers that that can bounce you around one quarter or another as they go through a renewal. But we don't have very significant customer concentration with anybody really.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. Obviously, we've been very happy with a Prolexic acquisition. I think it really did help accelerate the growth of our organically developed security business. And we've made several acquisitions in the security space that we've been happy with and continue to look for potential acquisition. I don't think we need to buy something at a very large scale to be successful in enterprise security. But it's an area we're looking closely at. And of course, we got to be cognizant of price points there. There's some pretty high evaluations in the enterprise security space, but it is an area that we continue to look at. And in terms of where we are with the operational improvement initiatives that something that we continue to work. We are very happy to see that we hit 30% in Q1. It's something that we're working on through the year and into next year. We have gotten benefit from our consulting engagement that's largely completed. But we are always focused on operational efficiencies and are investing in making our services be more efficient and how we allocate headcount and OpEx to focus that on the areas of greatest growth for the company.
Thomson Leighton: Well, obviously we have to see how fast the Janrain revenue accelerates our Akamai identity cloud offer. We have to see how fast the adoption takes place for our Zero Trust Architecture. These are things that are hard to forecast exactly. They're very early stage and relatively small numbers today. But if those were to take off faster than we expect, that would help. Bot Manager, as I mentioned, has been extremely successful in the marketplace. Now up to about 400 customers. We expect that to continue to ramp during the year and if it ramps faster and that can be helpful. Ed, do you have…
Thomson Leighton: Yes. So in terms of the new customer acquisition, I'd say we're probably doing about as good as we expected. We made those changes about a year-ago. So it takes a while for it to take hold you investment in lead generation, inside sales account development and things like that. So - but in terms of how it's progressing so far, we're on pace, maybe a touch ahead. But again, it takes a while for that to become a more material number over time.
Thomson Leighton: No, it was actually fairly well distributed. There was growth like I said, in all different parts of the business from the gaming downloads, from software downloads, from a video delivery. And as I mentioned, one thing just to be mindful of when you have things like download events, they can be a little bit seasonal. That's why I said if you'll look towards a Q2 and beyond thinking of flat to down $1 million or $2 million, probably the right way to be thinking about those customers for now. But I can tell you, I used to run that sales organization. The team is actively engaged with those customers and constantly looking for opportunities for growth and to the extent that we can become an extension of what they're doing and offer, whether it's security or additional scale and reach where there to do it. So we're certainly not giving up on this group of customers and help we can grow in the future. But now that said, we just want to be cautious as we think about guiding that going forward.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. So we have the ability for our customers to run applications on our Edge platform. We're increasing the investment there. Also this plays into our IoT Edge Connect platform where you can have really tens and hundreds of millions of devices maintain always on connections to the platform. Often they'll speak non-web protocols. And so we'll be supporting the ability to run logic for metadata for command and control, so that these devices can be monitored. You can have alerting based on it. Basically you want to think of Akamai's providing the kind of compute you need to manage applications in user devices and on our Edge platform, both for Web applications, but also IoT kinds of applications. What you won't see us do is, a generic kind of thing. We're just, CPU for any purpose at all. So you won't see us do to like an easy to kind of platform, it really needs to be material to our customer's businesses and managing applications and IoT devices. That's the sweet spot for us and you'll see that kind of capability on our Edge platform.
Thomson Leighton: Well, obviously, if you're playing a multiplayer game, latency makes a big difference and so you need to be doing the stream, close to the end user. That would be the only technical constraints. There are economic considerations, if you're - it's a high quality game, you now have a stream for an individual user, where the CPU the user hasn't purchased, but sitting in the cloud and the experiences we've had talking to the major folks doing that over the last decade when they try to think about doing it at scale, the economics don't look so good. There's been some desire to do it, so in certain countries; maybe you don't have staff to the game. Maybe the game works on multiple devices. You don't want to have the players. And there's reasons you'd want to do it, but I haven't seen - I spend people talked about it for a long time. We can certainly handle the low latency aspect, but it's been more of the economics around it in terms of will that really take off at scale.
