J. Sherman: Well, I think if you look on a year-over-year basis, Mark, our value-added services are growing faster, growing at about 20% rate. Last -- 2Q, value-added services were 53% or 54% of our revenue. So on a year-over-year basis, they absolutely are much like we saw last 1Q to 2Q. The ratio stayed relatively stable between volume and value sort of on a sequential basis. And some of that has to do just with the seasonality, particularly in the commerce vertical, where the revenue tends to level out and even decline just a tad from Q1 to Q2. So I think we're still seeing better growth on the value-added solutions side and not as much growth in the volume side, although we did see probably a little bit of volume growth sequentially year-over-year -- a little bit of revenue growth on the volume side year-over-year.
J. Sherman: Okay, so sure. I mean, we're still seeing in the bandwidth market sort of consistent price to cost declines, if you will, from our perspective, with the cost of bandwidth driving that down. And we're starting -- you can see some -- it depends on the market, really, on co-location prices. There are some places -- it's like a real estate market. There are some places where our prices are holding. There are other places where there are very aggressive price declines, and we try to take advantage of that gain in terms of how we deploy our network assets and try to leverage that. The other lever we have on co-location costs, of course, is to make our servers more efficient and get effectively more throughput for our footprint in the co-lo facility. A lot of our build-out, though, has been outside of the U.S. And as we've added to footprint, that has driven some co-location costs up this year. I think that's a sort of a normal thing you should expect as we build out for what we think is a future investment. Hopefully, we scale over that over time and get some further leverage on that point. Did that answer your question, Phil? [Technical Difficulty]
J. Sherman: Yes, Tim, I think part of it is, as I was just answering the other question, that we're building footprint outside of the U.S. as we expand into new markets. I think this quarter alone or within the last 6 months, we've opened up 5 new markets that we're going to sell in. And obviously, that requires some build-out. We are seeing more growth outside of our traditional markets in the Asia-Pac area, which is driving some additional growth. I think this year in general, most of our -- majority of our network investment has been outside of the U.S. So what that does is it shifts both the depreciation and the cost of running the network outside the U.S. versus inside the U.S. As far as international growth, it hasn't sort of met our expectations. I think we are facing some headwinds there. There's probably -- we're focused on what we can do better to drive more opportunity there. We've made investments in international that we believe are going to pay off in terms of market reach, in terms of building new partner channels, in terms of getting our products tailored for the markets outside the U.S. And we believe that that's going to drive growth in the future, and we want to make sure that we have the capacity and the capability and the footprint in place to meet those needs.
J. Sherman: Yes, off the top of my head, I don't know either, but what we've seen is that sort of the traditional streaming format growth, it's not -- really haven't seen any much growth at all in the traditional format, and most of the growth has been on the HTTP side, which is where our HD Network is. So I think as you look forward, that's where we're driving all the growth. It's certainly where all of the sort of marquee events leverage the HD Network.
J. Sherman: So, Scott, basically as you probably know, how you apportion your costs impacts where you earn your profit. And a big driver for us of costs, of course, is our network. What we've seen is we've increased the amount, the percentage, basically, of our investment in the network has moved outside of the U.S. And so as a result, that percentage of our depreciation in co-location costs which go with the network has moved outside of the U.S. as well. And that's based on the relative growth we've seen and the relative investment we made in footprint outside the U.S. So as we look at that and as we make an estimate going forward of what we think those costs are going to look like for this year, that's basically shifted where we're going to earn our income during the year by a couple of points on the tax rate. And really, that's the impact that we're seeing.
J. Sherman: I think we're going to have to continue to invest in the network. I hope we are because that will mean that our business is growing outside of U.S. I do believe, continue to believe, as we've talked about externally, that over time, more and more of our revenue and profit are going to be earned outside of the United States. And therefore, I do believe, as we've talked about with our long-term model, that our tax rate will be in the low 30s, just not happening as rapidly as we anticipated based on the upfront investments we're making now.
J. Sherman: We did. We did say it was a record number, and it seems like every time we stop talking about something, we do really well on it. So maybe that should be our strategy. But we actually added 147 net new customers this quarter, which is, I think, an all-time record. And we had great signings. Well over half of those signings were the "first time in the door" signing a deal for a value-added solution, which is where our focus has been in the field. Churn has stayed low, in a comfortable range. So we're really pleased with the performance in terms of our new customer signings this quarter.
J. Sherman: Jeff, so I do think that what we're seeing going on is that the value-added solution sort of are pretty stable in terms of the gross profit percentage. They're very high and software-like, as we've talked about. We do get a little bit of ADS seasonality, which our advertising and business solution business has sort of a 50% -- or sub-50% gross profit margins. So that's a little bit of a decline. But the issue, particularly on the volume side or on the network side is that we keep building out and adding to our co-lo cost and had a couple of points and discussions on that. That's really what has driven in the short term here some of that gross profit margin decline. We're still sort of within the range of the long-term model that we contemplated. And I do think that we'll get the benefit over time of a shift in mix. But right now, that's being offset a little bit by the co-lo cost coming on.
J. Sherman: Yes, so I think there's a couple of things. One is if you look by vertical, looking at enterprise vertical, we actually did see growth, and that's driven by value-added solutions. And that's where you would see a lot of the cloud adoption, some of the early adoption security, where you saw a bit of the sequential decline in commerce, which is also a heavily value-added solution there. I would attribute it somewhat to the seasonality. Now last year, we kind of blew through that seasonality as we were really sort of earlier in the stage of DSA adoption and growing there. We have seen a bit of a slowdown in that. I attribute some of that just to the law of size, it's a bigger space to work off of. But I think seasonality has something to do with it. And then we are still getting growth, particularly in our new products, around the cloud.
J. Sherman: No, I would say we saw sort of the same typical rate of price decline, relatively consistent level like that.
J. Sherman: Well, yes, I think, Rod, what you see with our business are really the sort of 2 sides of the coin. The volume business has been, as you point out, a more cyclical business. Before that phenomenon that we saw at end of 2008 and 2009, the media business was growing 40%, and then it started to shrink. And then last year, we got to the high 20s, maybe even 30% for that business, and now we're seeing it moderate again. So I think there seems to be some natural cyclical trends in there. A piece of it is macroeconomic. A piece of it is just sort of the inflection point of a immature industry. A piece of it heavier and lighter competition. You have to factor all that in. Our value-added solution business, which is actually a business that, over that time period, we built from basically scratch, had been a pretty consistent grower. I mean, it's moderated a little bit as it's gotten bigger. We're now talking about a $600 million-plus business. But that's been a pretty consistent grower. And I think you're seeing us make a lot of investments there to keep that growth rate going and even accelerate it by expanding our product line. So I think on part of our business you're absolutely right, and it's very difficult to predict sort of the cyclicality of that and the trends in that industry. We believe long term, while there will be ups and downs, that's a great growth opportunity and a great business. And the other side of our business, that's a fundamental shift that we're benefiting from.
Paul Sagan: No, that continues to be one of our strongest. That's one of the verticals that's most interested in adding things like security capabilities because they feel so vulnerable, both as a target for theft but also that if their site is taken down, it's losses is per second or per minute. It's not theoretical. It's real dollars because their end users simply will go to another site to make a purchase or book something. The largest competitive dynamic there continues to be do-it-yourself. These are large enterprises that first start and say, "What do we need help with?" And then they turn to Akamai, and I think they find the platform approach, the holistic approach very appealing. And I think we see that in our ability to continue to grow in that space. So I would say that that dynamic is really relatively unchanged and continues to be a very strong category for us, Mark.
Paul Sagan: To add a little color to that, Tim, I think maybe what was implied in there is that all media traffic that's coming in, that's certainly part of the expectations, but it's also application acceleration as businesses go more global and need to reach end users, upping B2B applications in even more places. And to connect all the ends and do the acceleration that we do, we need to be close to either the source data or the end user. So that's driven some of our growth. And on the macro headwinds in some markets, 2 places that would be just anecdotal examples would be Japan and the impact that we've seen, slowing down a little bit the enterprise business growth as a result of all of the turmoil that they went through in the first half of the year, one issue. Another would be, just anecdotally, some of what we've seen in bandwidth, though the economic malaise and uncertainty there had slowed down some of the enterprise investment. And I think those are the headwinds we're seeing in some of the more mature markets where we've operated for a while.
Paul Sagan: We don't give that number. I don't actually know that number today. It's been growing rapidly more and more events and users, but I don't happen to know the percentage.
Paul Sagan: And one of the opportunities that we see is our customers, they need scale for sure and quality, but they're also looking for simplification because in some ways, while things like HTML 5 and HTTP Delivery have simplified some aspects, the proliferation of network and devices and screen sizes is driving a different kind of complexity and, frankly, costs for media customers. And one of our goals with the HD Network is massive simplification. Give us one copy of the asset and let us transform it on the fly to the right user, in the right format, with the right bit rate, to the right screen size, with the right player. And that level of simplification, ease of use and then unified data back, we believe, is very valuable to our customers and one of the things that is resonating with them.
Paul Sagan: Yes, I think that we certainly talked about the pricing dynamics that we've set of large customer contracts at the beginning of the year the expectation that traffic would grow, and it has. Sometimes, people think we're saying it's not growing. That's not the case at all. It's really the rate, and we've seen the rate of growth later in Q2 start to accelerate, but it is not at the level that we saw acceleration from '09 to '10 last year, and that's making us be more conservative. We certainly still have an objective as a company to meet the growth targets. But I think at this midpoint, realistically as we look at the 3 things that we said we needed to have happen to happen, and we had a very strong first half of the year, but we aren't seeing the rate of acceleration that will give us the confidence in the objectives we've set before, so we're being, we think, realistic. We're not backing off, and we're not continuing to push with our customers. We see them adding and building their plans to go online, and we certainly expect and have seen the normal seasonality. And I think we expect to see it, which will be an uptick in the second half of the year. But I just think being more realistic about it, the figures we're giving out today are probably more likely. They're not the only scenario, but I think they're much more likely, and we're trying to be practical and very direct about that.
Paul Sagan: And I'll talk to the strategy point. I'd go back to the big drivers that we think are driving business on the Internet. And our goal is to align with those macro drivers that our customers are most interested in, concerned in and believe that's the biggest opportunity to grow their businesses. And then we need to exploit our unique position and ability to provide value to them for better performance, scale, reliability and security. So without going into great detail again, and I'm certainly happy to dive in on any one, if you will. Specific question, one is this drive the cloud in the complexity of using your own IT resources, which most corporations are consolidating to fewer locations and combine that with third-party, whether that's a SaaS provider, who's offering a Software-as-a-Service product into your -- that your employees or customers or prospects use if you're a business. Or just the idea of renting or using capabilities from a third-party cloud provider and combining it with your corporation resources creates a huge performance challenge between the company's resources and the third-party and then out to the end users. And we believe that our acceleration technology, particularly in these partner models, like were done with Riverbed, RackSpace, IBM and others, is a large growth opportunity for us. Clearly, the rise of more and more malicious behavior online is driving the IT security market. And what customers are and just users are figuring out is that the traditional model of defense at your backdoor isn't the only thing that you should be doing in defense in depth. Where the old model was defend your desktop, defend your data center with a firewall, your desktop with antivirus, that's just not sufficient anymore to handle the threats out there. And secondly, our model says, "Part of your defense ought to start where the bad guys are operating." And because our servers and our network are deployed around the world, we can often identify bad traffic, like a denial of service attack, where it starts, not where it's going to terminate. And we can see and bury that bad traffic there and completely shield our customers from the threat. Our Web Application Firewall has a similar idea. Move the idea of the firewall from the edge of your data center out to the perimeter, to the edge of the Internet where the bad request comes from. [indiscernible] never let the road traffic get inside your computing environment. So I think there's large room to continue to build that platform of security capability. We talked about the proliferation of connected devices and what that's doing to drive complexity and demand. And our ability to accelerate traffic through landline connections and wireless connections and cellular connections by cooperating with cellular networks, we think, is a dramatic capability. And then this explosion of online video, which is still only 1% or 2% or 3% of video in the home over the Internet. We believe that will -- it took 15 years to get to 1%. It will double more quickly. And we believe that's an opportunity for us, especially if we can simplify the workflow and the challenge customers have of taking their video access and delivering them to so many users in so many forms across so many devices with good monetization. And we believe if we execute in those categories with a focus on site performance above all, we'll continue to drive growth, and then we can drive faster growth over time in the business. Hopefully, that's helpful, Scott.
Paul Sagan: Well, I think I can't comment specifically since you haven't given me a specific network example, and it probably has more to do with their relationship with other traditional telcos. Our basic value propositions, at one level, to networks have been -- there are 2 things that you need to manage in your business: great end user performance and lowering your variable costs. And we help them with both. So when you move Akamai servers and Akamai technology into the network, and we use that deployment to serve their end users, their end users get a faster Internet because most of popular content is coming from us close by, and that's a plus. And then because we can deliver the content locally over and over again, we're also lowering their variable costs. And so we're helping them not worry about the balance of traffic out their backdoor. We're keeping it all resident inside their network and managing it in the most efficient way. That's why we've been able to partner with roughly 1,000 of the most important ISPs around the world. And that's a very important part of our relationship model, to continue to work with those networks, to bring them value on a continuous basis. And they see it, which is why I think we've had these relationships and grown them so effectively. So I understand the challenge that they often have with pairing with other networks. We have a very nontraditional approach that's very good for them and why I think we've been successful. And that's continued, and we have not seen that dynamic change for us.
Paul Sagan: So I think we have to earn our keep everyday with our customers. This has always been a competitive market. Do-it-yourself is the first competitor inside a large enterprise. Their first question is, "Why do we need to listen to anybody? Can't we do this ourselves? We've already spent a lot of money on IT and on the Internet." There have been many competitors, large and small, in and around this market. I'd say that both the competitive and the pricing dynamic has remained very consistent for years. Our goal is to continue to add value. I think at any enterprise IT sale, if you don't come with additional value and functionality of scale, speed, performance, analytics, security every year on an ongoing basis, you will erode your own value, regardless of what happens in the marketplace. So we're very focused on continuing to innovate, like the security features that we've been talking about in these new services that we've only been selling for the last year or so. So I'd say that that dynamic is consistent. We're maniacally focused on competing for business, and I say that we're continuing to do well.
Paul Sagan: I think it's a mixed -- part of it's the seasonal question. There's always less demand seasonally, although year-over-year, it increases. We've seen that. We continue to see more content going online, but we really went through a big inflection in high-quality video broadband over the last couple of years. We saw a huge acceleration over a year ago, and historically, we've seen that happen in intervals over time. We're not in a massive retrenchment as we saw 3 years ago in the recession, when the ad market disappeared and content providers weren't sure how to monetize content. At the same time, they're not sure always how to monetize content on the Internet as effectively as the old models. And there's a little bit of 2 steps forward, 1 step back in those models. So I think it's a combination. But again, we're seeing the traffic grow. We've even seen the rate of growth accelerate a little bit, but it is not where it was a year or 18 months ago, and we just want to be clear about that.
Paul Sagan: No, and we've seen some acceleration, but it hasn't been at last year's level. And so we're just going to be very conservative about it. Until we see it, we're not going to say we know it's coming. We've seen it accelerate. We've seen some acceleration. We continue to be optimistic about it. But I just think as we're realistic where we are today, the macro pressures in some of the international markets that we've seen, we're just going to try to be very straightforward about what we think is going to happen, taken in the context of a very strong first half of the year.
Paul Sagan: So again, we're not going to give a new long-term model. We'll update the long-term model at the end of every year. I think that's the appropriate way to talk about the longer-term trends and how we see them in the business. The network cost is a combination of things including co-location, including the bandwidth charges. Clearly, there's been some, as we've talked about earlier, a little more pressure on keeping up co-lo prices. And energy prices have skyrocketed, and that's a big piece of co-location costs that get passed through in contracts. That's an aspect. A big piece of our focus, though, is driving efficiency into our network to get more out of the same footprint, therefore, effectively lowering the co-lo portion of the delivery per megabit of data. And I think those are the dynamics, and we've got various levers. We can work on the ones like software development that we can control and capturing the effective Moore's Law on a machine being more efficient than the last one we bought got and deployed. The piece that's more outside of our control is the real estate cost and the energy cost.
Paul Sagan: Well, we've always said it's a competitive market and I don't want to make it appear that we've lost sight of that or don't believe that it isn't a very competitive market. There are switching costs. They're not just around price. They're around analytics. They're around performance. They're around all the things, for example, that we built in and are building into the HD Network at Akamai. At the same time, particularly for a very high-volume site, delivery is a big cost, and they need to manage it as much as possible, especially in line with the monetization capabilities. So I'm not sure that I think switching costs are higher or lower. There are complexities to do it and risks to anyone when they do it. I think the real issue is this is a market of volume growth, where pricing has declined very consistently year-over-year. We continue to see very consistent kind of unit price changes year-over-year even now. And then the swing factor is how fast the volumes grow, but I don't really think it's a switch in cost phenomenon.
Paul Sagan: Well, we're not going to make new product announcements today, but we always look for better ways to partner with networks. I described the basic value proposition that continues to be, I think, as true today as it was 13 years ago when we started, maybe more so networks are, particularly mobile networks, really just being crushed by the flood of data, much of that driven by uptake in video usage. And we believe that there's is a lot of value on our platform that isn't even exposed to network providers and that if we can find a way to partner with them effectively to help them, we think that's good for them, us, our customers and the ecosystem, the Internet will continue to explore that.
Paul Sagan: Yes, and even in the renewals, it was consistent. It was just a number of them that all boxed together around the same time, but the dynamic has been very similar and consistent.
Paul Sagan: I'm not an expert on the build-out of those networks. And obviously, that's a worldwide question, so you'd have to be more specific. And we could certainly research it for you from our point of view. But we continue to see huge demand among our customers for wireless solutions because so many more users and so many interactions are coming from their customers on mobile devices and connected devices. So not just smartphones but tablets like iPads, et cetera. And that's driving huge demand. Even if it's a small number of the interactions, it's their same customers having a different experience, and it needs to be consistent and appropriate to the device, or they risk losing that customer. And we think that's a large opportunity for us to work with our customers but also with carriers -- or partners who work with carriers to build new offers, to help have the best delivery across wireless -- or cellular, I think you mean in this case. It's not Wi-Fi.
Paul Sagan: Sure. So we think that those are -- lumping them together rather crudely does not mean that they'll all be the same. But in some cases, there's an opportunity or requirement to provide engineering development upfront. Where we're developing technology, we're working together on embedding technology as we're doing in each other's products in the Riverbed solution. In the BMC case, it's making their measurement capability available to our customers who buy certain services to see the performance, gains and monitor the performance of their sites. So that's really a bring to market of some of these products, so it's not much engineering. In many of these cases, it's co-marketing work, where we have to support them as a channel, like in the RackSpace example. And then in the Ericsson example across mobile, that's a variety of things, including working together where we already have products and technology or jointly developing new things potentially even to provide wholly new solutions in the cellular world. So it's a mix. I don't want to overgeneralize, but you can assume some require more engineering and some, more marketing channel support. Engineering comes first, generally. And if we're successful, the marketing support continues to go on because it pays for itself in new business.  So hopefully, that's helpful. I know we've gone over time, and we always try to keep to schedule for everybody because we know you're busy. There were a lot of questions. I know we didn't get to everyone in the queue, but we hope you understand that we were able to get to at least all of the highest-priority questions. We look forward to updating you again in another 3 months. Thank you all for joining. Bye-bye.
