Paul L. Sagan: Well, let me do them in reverse order on international since I did go around the world and stopped -- not everywhere, but quite a few places, and I would say we're seeing good trends for us, but that doesn't mean that the economies are fixed and we all know that the headlines from certainly from Europe and places like Japan. I think we benefit because IT budgets are large, and even if they don't grow as fast or even shrink, sometimes people are shifting their investments to the cloud and to the Internet. And so they come to us for help for better, faster, cheaper way to get their businesses moving online and we benefit. Certainly, saw a great opportunity across Asia when I was there and some pockets of strength in Europe as well, despite some of the strong economic winds in the other direction. As for Japan, I am not an economist, so I can't say what even -- I think your word was regular growth is going forward. I can say that on the IT side, those companies are -- many companies I met with there -- could be multinational, are serious about mining opportunities outside of Japan to look for growth because of just the characteristics of the economy there. Online media there is pretty strong and we think there's a lot of opportunity. There are still –- it just hasn't turned around as well as other economies did coming out of '08, '09 and, obviously, the double whammy that hit there environmentally is the main reason behind that. As for media volumes, it's not relevant to the issues of a year ago. It's really a question of how much is going online and then we try to get our share of that, and I think what we're seeing is more content and more usage moving online and that's an extremely strong trend. And it was strong in the fall and that's continued over the winter and accelerated some more, which is great. I think that there is more coming long term, but we'll take what we're seeing now as a real positive.
Paul L. Sagan: So the go-to-market strategy is primarily, they're selling motion which is a channel-based model because it's really an augment to someone who's using their solution behind the firewall and now want to access private from going from private to public cloud capability, so say something like Office 360 or Google Docs or something across the public Internet. So we're using that selling motion. And there's -- then the customer is adding this as a service on top of the capability. They have -- and there's a revenue share between the 2 of us. So we're really supporting their channel. And we had a very strong set of beta tests in the winter, announced general availability just in the last quarter, so it's too soon to quantify and we're certainly not going to put any public sale targets out there. But again, remember we have a recurring revenue services model so it ramps up. It's not a one quarter phenomenon, and so I would not describe it as a material opportunity this year and we never did.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, I think that's been a strong sector because we've seen the increase in some of the downloads, but also the overall shift to a SaaS model is driving a lot of business in that category. I don't want to speculate on a single release for one company. That would be theirs to speculate on in terms of volumes and we're happy to serve, but we're not going to get ahead of anything they would want to say.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, I'll take the first one and maybe Jim will take the second one. I think if there was just more and more content going online and continuing some over-the-top growth, some sporting growth, fair amount of live, fair amount of DoD and just more and more rich media and higher and higher bandwidth and bit rates. Also the combination of being able to deliver with the Akamai HD Network any content they'll need to buy [ph], I think people are saying I can put this out there and it can go to the big screen, it can go to the PC, it can go to the smartphone, it can go to the tablet and it's creating new forms of demand and driving the nice increases in volumes that we've now seen for half a year. Those don't seem to be onetime trends, so they're not single event. So I take that as really a positive. But whether they continue to accelerate or just to stay at the stronger clip, that's always a little hard to guesstimate, and I'll turn it over to Jim if you had a margin follow-up.
Paul L. Sagan: Yes, and I think we've seen this pattern as we've done acquisitions before, which is we get the synergies out of them and that's why over the course of the year they're neutral. But obviously upfront, there's more cost and then you get to the synergies you want to see. I don't want to lash them upfront and not get all the quality. It takes a little while to integrate the networks and get the savings that we've seen in the past from this kind of integration, and I expect us to see from this one as well.
Paul L. Sagan: Yes, I'd say it was just below that number. The reason we're not going to break it out is we're migrating those customers on to our platform. They'll move to our services. We'll integrate the network and then there's no way to track it individually, and so that's really the way we've handled these acquisitions every time we've done one. We've moved that group into our site division around site performance. We've integrated the employees into their various functional areas, so network, engineering, sales, et cetera given everybody an assignment, pretty close to day one, if not on day one, every employee knew where they stood. We're integrating both their California and their Israel offices into the company. Very excited to have the new office for us in Israel. It's a geography we didn't have a presence before and it was a place we wanted one, especially for R&D and now gives us the -- I think the critical mass to have a foothold to do that. We're going to take their -- the best of some of their engineering and product features and build them into our site capabilities so that they'll be integrated into one set of services. We won’t say to the customers, do you want that one or this one. It will be off of one platform that will probably take for some of the things up to one year to finish, maybe take a little bit longer to migrate all of the customers, but not to get most of the cost synergies that we need out of the network migration.
Paul L. Sagan: I think that we have this pattern even without acquisitions. A very, very high EBITDA on Q4, lower in Q1 and Q2, so you're seeing that just slightly exacerbated by the acquisitions coming at exactly the same time. We're not backing off of our long-term model. Take any line across there, we think we'll get back to them.
Paul L. Sagan: Yes. So Jim can recap the second question in a second. On the security, I think this is an expanding wallet. Most CIOs say, I’m cutting my budget, except security, which is pretty much unlimited right now if you've got an answer because this has become a board room enterprise risk question. It doesn't mean that people will just buy anything, but they are really concerned, and I think for a good reason, around security. And so conversations are really about if you believe in a security in-depth model, then we thought locking down the desktop, we thought about locking down the data center and now you got to lock down the network at large. And what Akamai's ability to do cloud-based security does is lock down that broader world and really provide a new layer. So I think it's really a new opportunity, new conversation.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, we're excited about those, because they're all companies with whom we've had relationships. We'll try to build on them. You need to remember they were relatively small companies. So any of those partnerships, by and large, is still adding a small piece to a small business. But we're exploring those now that the deal is closed. Those were, obviously, not conversations we could have had as a 3-way conversation until very recently. It just wouldn't have been an appropriate way to go about it. Now we're being able to engage, and we're optimistic that we can find real opportunity because we can bring a great deal more capacity, engineering, product and portfolio to those companies, whether they're interested in remarketing some of the things we do or co-developing new offers. I think it will take some time to bear fruit as it does with any new partnership. And even for Cotendo, they were relatively new partnerships because this is relatively young company, but we're engaged in discussions with those and other partners and we'll sort them out appropriately.
Paul L. Sagan: Really saw no significant change at all. And I think the environment will stay pretty similar. We believe we're the go-to place that customers look to for this kind of delivery because we are across so many networks in all geographies, and a single network solution is not what our customers need to deliver high-quality, rich media or applications to any device, to any user anywhere. And so I know there's been a lot of speculation, but it really hasn't had a market impact. And I don't think that it's going to because I don't think it's the right answer for the way customers measure performance.
Paul L. Sagan: Just to give you my perspective, it's not really a function of contract renewal that affects pricing more than demand in volume, which continue to grow. And most of the changes in the volume growth and how fast it's been growing is really had to do with the help of the media market, how fast content owners, producers, copyright holders had moved their businesses online and made more and more content available that people want to consume on the Internet, over the top or on a range of new devices. And so frankly, it's more exogenous factors. And I think what we're seeing is somewhat healthier economy in a lot of parts of the world. Certainly, a healthier media landscape, especially for video, not so much for print as we know, but that doesn't affect us. The video piece is more essential. And just a growth of both, it's combination of video and social combining to drive higher volumes and longer use cases rather than people watching short attention span theater, they’re watching longer content and staying online longer at higher quality, especially on tablets and bigger screens, and that's driving the increase in volumes that we've seen in the last half year or so, Richard.
Paul L. Sagan: So I think I won’t to take a stab at your first question and I'll just remind you probably what your stuff always says, which is past performance is no indicator or promise for the future, meaning there are different things that have driven these cycles in the past. Health of the economy, content coming online, broadband inflections. Way too complicated, I think, to generalize that to the future and make a prediction. I think what we're seeing is better and better broadband, more people connected, these mobile devices and tablets driving new use cases that weren't there a year ago and content providers running to that as a new monetization opportunity and then coming to us for the answer to deliver. And really interested in the Akamai HD Network, our universal streaming capabilities, to say give us the high-quality file and we will then deliver it to the right device on the right network with the right bit rate and the right quality with minimal re-buffering in realtime. And that's what resonates with our customers and then they are concerned about their ability to monetize. So clearly, a healthier video ad market helps, healthier economy helps, higher subscription take-up by end users helps -- all of these things we're seeing and they drive growth. Right now, those fundamentals are all in place, so I'm optimistic they'll continue to drive this market. But I don't think you can look to years past and say, how do I use that to predict the length an inflection point.
Paul L. Sagan: We've seen a pretty stable environment for years. I don't think acts of desperation is how I've ever described it, so maybe that's your characterization or someone else's. No, I think that we see us always been in a competitive environment for our services. I assume we'll continue to be in one. Our goal is to continue to drive up volumes and take cost out of the business and help our customers do more online. When we do, they're very happy and they keep signing up for more. That's our goal. We continue to drive quality up, flexibility and capability, especially around the Akamai HD Network, and our ability to do universal streaming of video to any device, anywhere, anytime. If we do that, I think we win in the market and that's been our path and that's our strategy and it seems to be working for us. I think it will continue to. Others will have to compete on their own terms and we're happy to see them in the market.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. To be very clear, we said we'll get back to our long-term model. You’re seeing partly the annual cycle of margins going down off of Q4 into the first half of the year, that's normal, then they're exacerbated by doing 2 acquisitions in Q1 and those expenses. We absolutely believe we'll get back to our target margins and hit our targets for the year. You're just seeing a little bit of compression in Q2 because those things all come together at one time.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure, I'll handle the first part. I'm very excited about security, very excited about mobile acceleration, very excited about what we have coming in site performance and, frankly, very excited about Media because as the volumes continue to grow, we think we have the best solution in the Akamai HD Network to service our customers. Again remember, all of them are services, so they layer on and grow on top of each other, so they don't take off or stop in a week. They build over time and then we get the great benefit of their referring revenue model, which we love. So I'm excited about all 4 of those, and now I think you're a little bit like saying, which child do you like best. I like all 4 of those. I think they're great opportunities for us. Jim covered the tax impact, but I'll have him repeat that if you missed it.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. So I think the services we'll build on over the next couple of years as they get uptake based on the response we're seeing, I think what you have to remember is Q4 is an amazing compare because of all the commerce stuff that goes into that quarter and the amazing growth that we usually see in Q4, which we saw driving the really strong Q4. You're not going to see that kind of strength in commerce in Q1. It was strong, but you go from the biggest selling quarter to the biggest sales in returns month in January and then people will forget to shop for a little while. So I don't think you could do that compare, Q4 to Q1, and draw too many conclusions. We were pleased to see continued growth. We are pleased to see very strong signing in the quarter in that category and it gives us confidence that, that will continue to be a strong and profitable area for us going forward.
Paul L. Sagan: No, they have some unique products. I'm not going to make a product announcement on this call, but they had some unique things that we didn't sell. We'll be rolling those out as new features, but on our platform. We don't want to sell them in 2 separate product categories. They'll all be on the Akamai Intelligent Platform, but they will be new products. They'll be branded Akamai. We'll only sell under one corporate brand. So some of their customers who had services that were similar, we'll combine the best of technology from both and hopefully have a better overall product. All of our customers will get the benefit. Where they had unique products, we'll port [ph] them over and then be able to sell them into all of our customers where we weren't selling them before and will be able to take all of the products that we have that didn't match something that Cotendo had and try to move those into their customer base. So it's both a combination of improving products by combining where that makes sense and bringing new product to their customers and vice versa.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, we think it allows us -- we hope to take more wallet share from the IT spend that the customers have by selling them more products and, therefore, raising the average revenue we get overall from a customer by being able to sell them more things.  Thank you for calling, Sameet. Thank you, all. I think we've gotten to the end of our questions and the end of our hour. We appreciate your interest. Thank you, all, and we'll be back in another quarter with another report. Have a great evening. Bye-bye.
James Benson: Okay. Just to refresh folks on my comments. So certainly, one of the drivers of the EBITDA going down Q1 to Q2 is the impact of absorbing both the Blaze and the Cotendo acquisitions. So that's a fairly large piece of the kind of OpEx growth from Q1 to Q2. On the gross margin side, we talked about the fact that there were some investments in the network that kind of pushed from Q1 to Q2, which is -- so that's a good news story on the traffic side. So we're certainly seeing and encouraged with the traffic acceleration that we're seeing and we always want to make sure we're building out in advance of that. So I mean that kind is at least an explanation for why in the short term it goes down. Your question about when can we expect to see them kind of go -- we do expect that we can get back into the long term model range we provided of 45% to 47% EBITDA. But I would say, it's going to be probably several quarters before we get back to that range.
James Benson: So I think using your math as just an example, this is the experience that we've had doing acquisitions in the past of finding a company with good technology and a good set of customers but with a small portfolio. And then going into that base and upselling them to we hope our average over time. That's been our experience. That would be our goal here, whether we get them all there or not, we'll have to see. But one opportunity is simply to go to them with a much broader portfolio and say, how about this, this and this, which would make your online business operate better in a one-stop shop and that's exactly the model that we'll try to run this time in the plan that we have in place.
James Benson: Yes. And I guess, I'll comment maybe more specifically on your question around maybe the out quarters. So certainly, we're absorbing these companies for a full quarter in Q2. There isn't much in the way of onetime expenses that we're going to incur in Q2, so really, to Paul's point, what drives the scale is once you integrate these companies, once we're able to then leverage their customer platform, upsell within their customer set, you're going to see the revenue grow. And when revenue grows from that activity, you'll start to see EBITDA scale. So it's going to be several quarters before you see it kind of get back to the range that we talked about in our long-term model, but we have high confidence that we'll be able to do that.
James Benson: Okay. And one of the things we talked about in the past is that customer count is really not the most relevant statistic that we want to be talking about going forward. So we certainly inherit some very healthy customers from Cotendo, but that's just not something we're going to disclose on a quarterly basis.
James Benson: So I'll cover -- so specifically on, I think as we've talked about in the past, certainly on the bandwidth side, we continue to see bandwidth costs go down and so that has continued to be the case. Relative to bandwidth costs quarter-to-quarter, certainly, if traffic is going to grow, you're going to see bandwidth costs grow. On the co-lo front, really what we've talked about in the co-lo front is that as you build out more on your network, the co-lo costs depend upon where you actually put the co-lo -- what actual networks you're having that co-lo -- that deployment reside within and so certainly the cost depends upon -- if you're in an international network, you're probably going to have a little bit higher cost than not. But in general, we've not seen a substantive change in bandwidth or co-lo costs and I would say that...
James Benson: Well, bandwidth is going to -- co-lo is stable and it depends upon the markets that we're in. And some markets, actually, co-location expenses go down. Other markets, co-location expenses are going up.
James Benson: Roughly. But certainly, as I said, the expectation is over the next 4 quarters that these acquisitions are neutral to EPS.
James Benson: Right. So we guided for the quarter for Q1 38% to 39% for the tax rate. It came in a little bit under 41%. And that was exclusively driven by – certainly when we provided guidance, but we did not provide guidance including the impact of acquisitions. And as a result of the Blaze and Cotendo acquisitions, there were some tax impacts. I won't get into the tax accounting with you, but there were some tax impacts as a result of absorbing them into Akamai that have an impact on the tax rate. As far as what's the tax rate going to be doing kind of longer term, I think you can expect -- one of the things we talked about in the past is there's a lot of variables that affect the tax rate. How much business you do international is probably the biggest driver. So as we drive more and more of our business in our business mix internationally, you can expect that the tax rate will come down over time. It's a matter of the rate and pace. The good news is, for Q1 we had tremendous growth in the U.S. So I think it's very strong. Certainly, we had strong growth in international and our expectation is over time that the mix of business in international grows beyond the current levels.
James Benson: So to Paul's point, they're all cloud infrastructure solutions, but the verticals that they sell into are pretty much all of the verticals.
James Benson: And my only other add to that, I mean, you have to remember that the cloud infrastructure solutions tend to a subscription-based model, not a kind of a traffic-based model. And we've made a host of product announcements in Q1 and we expect to make more product announcements throughout the course of the year. And a lot of them, actually they're going to be across the entire portfolio, but you're going to see a lot of them in the cloud infrastructure solutions area. So we certainly expect over time that the cloud infrastructure solutions mix will grow beyond current levels.
