Paul L. Sagan: Okay, great. Great, one question weaving those together. So I think what we've seen is strong growth in rich media online, both pure video, longer form, higher quality and then the 2 screen phenomenon driving particularly gaming, social around news and sports. And that's creating whole new use cases that just weren't there before. And while it's too soon to call this as a trajectory over multiple years going forward, we're very encouraged by what our customers have been doing and telling us about their plans for doing more online with video and rich media and particularly using applications and multiple devices to enhance the user experience. And consumers seem to love it and seem to be doing more. So it's been a very strong driver for us, particularly as we head into the holiday season this year. I was really pleased, I think we were all really pleased about being able to drive this kind of growth, not just in the cloud infrastructure services, which performed extremely well, but in media and continue to drive better bottom line performance, really, wherever you looked across the balance sheet. And you are right in picking up on something: It's been this ongoing effort to drive efficiency in our network through better software, better management of the hardware and effectively, over time, trying to drive down the capital intensity even of the content delivery business, which as you know, has a higher capital intensity than the cloud infrastructure services. You've seen some of the benefits of that work. It paid off even faster than we expected this year so far. Things like FastSoft ought to help us drive more of those kinds of benefits going forward. So we're just very pleased, and the team's going to stay very focused because we think we can continue, not necessarily always at that same rate and pace, but to make the operations even more efficient across the entire set of products.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. So we always hold off on the pricing declines so that you can ask that question because I know everybody is always dying to ask us the question. I think we've been managing that well. I think that, that environment has been very consistent. And we didn't see a major change there. So the benefit in the improving margin you're seeing is, I think, in the teams' work here. They much more efficiently utilized our assets and our resources and make the most of the software we deploy and then the CapEx and the operating costs. In terms of long-term growth opportunities, I think what you've heard me say is I think these are both great markets to be in. I do think the overall spend on corporate IT as corporations move more and more of their computing to hybrid cloud environments, both for consumer and business-facing applications, is just an enormous market; overall, a bigger opportunity worldwide, even than online media. We have the opportunity to execute in both, and that will have some -- help determine, to some extent, which grows faster. When you've got both of them growing as balanced as they have been this year, that's the best possible situation. Really, the cloud infrastructure business, which today is close to 60% of our business, basically didn't even exist 5 years ago or a little bit before. So it's come from behind to this strong position. I'd like to see them both growing in the future, but I certainly wouldn't mind if cloud infrastructure grew even faster over time because I think it would just recognize across mobility, across cloud and across security the wallet share that's available for us to tap into.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, I think the first answer is just as cloud and Internet-based computing grows, more and more organizations will increase their budget to the scale that they would be buying the kinds of solutions that Akamai offers, and that just takes a little bit of time. The other has been our effort to build our partner ecosystem to allow for far more feet on the street, if you will, through partners and resellers. You've seen some of those announcements this year where it's effectively click to deploy Akamai capability through partners and channels without ever having to talk or touch an Akamai person. You'll see more of that over the coming years because I think that there's a great opportunity to grow both our business outside of North America because it's only -- it's a little under 30% now and to grow our channels and partner business because that only stands at about $1 and $5 today. So I think we're doing some of those things. I think there's a lot more opportunity, particularly as you have more and more people in the ecosystem offering solutions to take people to the hybrid cloud environment, they look to services like Akamai to give global reach and capability that partners can't do on their own. And I think that those are ways that will drive customer growth even beyond the great customer set that we have today. I also think that we've not been focused solely on numbers of customers. It's been size and quality. And I don't think we're fully penetrated in most of the accounts that we're in today. So one of the things that we try to do is we broaden the product portfolio such as with the introduction of the Kona Site Defender security suite this year, is to be able to go back where we have trusted relationships and try to grow our share in those accounts of IT spending where it makes sense.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. I think some of those updates will wait for our Investor Day. But I think the key is, first, explaining the problem the customers are dealing with and then how our product has changed. In the past, we certainly did some bespoke security work, particularly around DDoS protection for some customers going back a long way. That's one of the ways we developed the expertise that we have, as well as in the last couple of years, a Web application firewall capability. What we did this year was combine them in a product with a unified interface and reporting and metrics in Kona. And it provides customers with DDoS protection, as well as the Web application firewall capabilities. The pricing dynamic that you talked about, I think, was the comments I've made in the past where for DDoS alone, we would protect you for a little bit of money, but if you got hit, you'd get a bill for all of that traffic. And sometimes, that was an awfully large bill, and customers said, "And that wasn't traffic I even wanted to happen." We would say, "That's not our problem. What are we going to do about the bill?" It's not a good customer conversation because there's such a widespread understanding now that people need protection from distributed denial of service attacks. We've been able to come in with a pricing dynamic that's effectively much more like an insurance premium across a broad customer set so that for the people who get hit because of our scale and our economics, we can absorb that traffic without an unexpected cost to the customer. And so it's a much more affordable solution. I don't consider it a cheap priced solution and it's very sophisticated, especially when you marry the Web Application Firewall capabilities, but at least it's a known price to the customers who are adopting it. In terms of the numbers, we're certainly above where we were at the beginning of the year when we started. I'm not sure exactly which number you were using before when you quoted that. That was probably the total of people who bought one point solution or another, clearly not the number that had bought Kona a year ago because it's only been out this year. We'll give you some more updates on that and the addressable market opportunity as we see it in a couple of months or 1.5 months in Boston if you join us then.
Paul L. Sagan: And the only thing I would add to that is that one differentiator for Akamai as an engineering and software development company is there are lots of things that we do that are unique to Akamai to make, if you will, the same footprint, more productive, more efficient every time we can roll out major changes in our software. So we are very focused on those kinds of benefits that are things that we can control and do that we don't believe others can do as well.
Paul L. Sagan: Yes, I'll take the first half. I think there are a couple of important points that -- we're trying to explain not only we made the guidance, we jumped way over it, and it was a whole bunch of things. The Olympics was one that was even bigger than we expected. Some software delivery was bigger. Growth across the board, every geo, including EMEA, doing well. You put all those things together and you get that explanation. The other piece about the Olympics, which was really interesting, was that it was a media and a security event. And so we were able to sign up so many broadcasters and do so much business because it wasn't just a video delivery of that, it was a 2-screen interactive event with a huge security threshold. And so you put the power of the platform together, and that was a terrific win for us and demonstrated, I think, where a lot of the world of online media is going. But it alone does not explain why we did so well. It's all of those things together. And then I'll let Jim comment on sort of the organic growth versus acquisition.
Paul L. Sagan: Don't have one for you. I said I wouldn't give regular updates. The board has a thorough process underway. And when it's concluded, they will make an announcement. I want to remind you that I said I would complete the job and deliver on our expectations. I think we're doing that. In fact, I think we're doing a little better than that. And when the board is ready to announce the next phase, we'll send you that announcement. But I don't have it for you today.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. I'll take that. So I think we talked about this in the past. We've continued to make investments in our go-to-market resources in the U.S. as well but more specifically in our international markets, both EMEA and APJ, because there's huge untapped market opportunity for Akamai. So we've made investments there. I think what you're starting to see, is you're starting see some of those investments pay off. We had strong growth in EMEA. We had strong growth in APJ. We had strong growth in our emerging markets. So we have pretty much strong growth across the board. Certainly, we're not immune to some of the economic kind of headwinds that are taking place in Europe. So some of the Southern economies of Europe are not growing as fast as other economies. But in general, we're seeing very solid growth in the international business, and I think it's really driven by, one, the investments we're making; and two, just the market opportunity and really the offering that Akamai has. In many cases, these offerings can actually help customers lower costs through offloads of their infrastructure. So actually, it's a very compelling value proposition for even economies that are struggling from a macroeconomic perspective.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. You're absolutely right that, as I mentioned, we continue to invest in the business. We added over 100 employees in Q2. We added over 200 in Q3. And the specific area that we're adding them in is, I mentioned go-to-market, but we're also adding a significant number of resources in our R&D and engineering organizations. As we continue, there's huge market opportunities that we believe we need more engineering resources to basically build and develop the solutions that we believe the market is really looking for. So the growth that you saw, the roughly 230 headcount was largely in our go-to-market area, but it was also in the kind of our engineering area. And in particular, for our go-to-market area, it's -- yes, there was some in international, but it's international, U.S. And in particular, it's sales resources and also services resources that go along to support our sales force.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. So I want to clarify something there because maybe I misunderstood you or there's a misconception. Certainly, smartphones are driving all sorts of new use cases. But mobile, particularly cellular usage, isn't driving nearly as much data because the bandwidth isn't there as broadband connections. So that actually hasn't been driving most of the content delivery growth. Often, those complex applications to mobile devices, including the Bring Your Own Device to work, is growing -- driving the demand for some of our acceleration in cloud infrastructure services as much or, frankly, I think more than the content delivery solutions. What drives a lot of the growing demand for the content delivery solutions is the growth of video, particularly broadband video. And certainly some of it is to smartphones, at least when they're on WiFi, and software and application delivery and updates on a global basis. I'm not sure if you mean third-party assets. If you do, please jump in and correct me. If you mean Akamai assets, we now have more network relationships worldwide than in the history of the company. Our network is as broadly deployed as ever. I think the strength of our network relationships is as strong as I've seen it in a long time because networks recognize the value of having Akamai technology inside makes their performance to their end-user subscribers better. And it actually reduces their costs and some of the CapEx that they'd have to deploy on their own and then frankly not even get paid for having deployed. So I think that certainly, broadband infrastructure continues to grow. In fact, outside the U.S., it's often better than in North America. And we continue to follow the growth in usage in most corners of the world and are increasing our footprint and the kinds of services that we're offering. And so the answer a couple of questions back, I do think there's a lag in the adoption of some of these services, which gives us opportunity to actually have even more growth internationally. And then there's really some markets that are, in some use cases, advancing ahead of the U.S. because they're either more broadband, higher speeds or mobile -- faster or higher growth of mobility there already. And we're trying to mine those opportunities, sometimes even ahead of some of what we see here in North America or the U.S. specifically.
Paul L. Sagan: So this is Paul. Let me take it. We're not going to comment on any specific client software. Certainly, some got delivered in Q3 that historically might have dropped in Q4. But you're right, there's more software delivery potential coming in Q4 from a number of our long-standing clients across PCs, devices and gaming businesses as well. And we're very excited about that. And it's part of what's embedded in the guidance that, I think, says Q4 should be strong and it's going to be a terrific year. The nice thing about the efficiency goals is as long as we stay focused on them, and have now for close to 15 years, we never get to the end of the list of things that we can do. So we just keep raising the bar every year on the team and ask them to go back and wring more efficiency out. And part of the reason we can do that is that the hard work gets better and faster, and the capabilities grow, including the multi-core devices that we're now deploying that didn't exist a few years ago. So I think there's more that we can do. It's on the roadmap. FastSoft brings us even more, and that's not deployed yet. So I think there's a lot more efficiency that we're going to be able to drive in the next few years. And while I don't know what we'll be doing beyond that, we've never run out of new ideas, particularly as the hardware continues to advance. So I think we need to stay focused on it, but our goal will be to raise the bar on that every year to help us continue to be very profitable.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. Well, as you know, that's gone on a long time, and it's hard to predict its final outcome. But yes, we got what we thought was the right, but it was a terrific ruling from our point of view in the appeals court in Washington. That case is not done, and we know these things can take a long time and take a lot of twists and turns. But the fundamental thing is that we believe that this is an innovation shop that we invent new things that those are of shareholder value and that we need to not just try to commercially exploit these in the good sense in Akamai's services for which we can get paid, but we need to defend the value of those things when we think other people are stepping on them or transgressing our shareholders' rights. And so that's why sometimes we wind up in court when we don't think we can get appropriate protection another way. I won't go into the details of that case. One, they are too lengthy for even an all-day call, I guess. And it's hard to know exactly how they will come up. There have been twists and turns. But we were very pleased that the Court of Appeals, we think, saw it the right way. And we're optimistic that as long as we're patient, we will prevail, and that will accrue to the value of our shareholders.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. I think we've talked about it a little bit before, but let me kind of clarify a little bit. So we obviously have our content delivery solutions business, which is kind of a lower gross margin business but a lower OpEx business. And then we have our cloud solutions business, which obviously has higher gross margins, but it also has a higher operating expense. So as the company continues to innovate and build out our suite of solutions, not just the content delivery but more specifically in the cloud solutions area, you can expect that the OpEx investments that we're going to need to make are going to increase. And so you can expect we're going to continue to make investments in R&D. We're going to continue to make investments in go-to-market at a greater pace for that part of the business. Now that part of the business, because it has higher gross margins, will have a little bit higher EBITDA. And actually, it has a lower CapEx structure, so it actually has higher free cash flow from a company. So you can continue to see as we shift more of our business to cloud solutions, if the mix shifts that way, you can expect that you'll see kind of a higher operating expense percent. But you'll see, hopefully, a lower CapEx percent and maybe a stronger free cash flow percent, maybe, in the kind of the model we talked about is in the low 30s.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, I think it's already one of the things that's driving this whole shift from deliver the site to ensure the Web experience, and a big piece of some of the technology acquisitions we've done this year and the rollout of Aqua Ion is around improving that experience. And that's especially to mobile devices, whether they're smartphones or tablets and whether they're on cellular connection, 3G or 4G LTE or on WiFi and make sure that those work in every case. And so we already think that there is a strategic imperative and a payoff for what we're doing. Beyond that, we think that there's a new opportunity to partner with hardware and solution providers inside wireless networks because they have their own particular challenges. They were not built for data. Ironically, they're new networks, and they weren't built for data. They were built for voice. So they were built for narrowband applications to talk to -- between 2 people, and that's actually now what people want to do on these devices most of the time. And so we think that there's opportunity, long-term opportunity, to create new solutions and create new revenue streams. But already, we believe that it's strategic, and we're seeing the value in things like the Ion release and what we're doing for mobile interaction optimization and better performance to a site or to an application over a mobile device, whether it be a smartphone. And our customers are already buying for that reason. So I think we're seeing the benefit even as we do the long-term development and product testing of some of these in-network or network provider solutions that we think long-term have additional benefit for us as well.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, I think, I mean, certainly, if you look historically, look half 2 to half 1 for the last, say, 3 to 4 years, we have grown half 1 to half 2 roughly 10%. And that's effectively what we're guiding here at this midpoint. I think I shared with you that I think seasonally, when you see things, what we've seen this quarter is that some things that maybe in some years happen in Q4 actually happened in Q3 this year. So the reason I tried to provide some color around half 1 to half 2 was to just give some color maybe to our Q3 to Q4 sequential growth being a little bit lower than it's been historically. For sure, you are right, we are seeing very strong growth and very strong demand for our cloud solution. You can see that we've grown them consistently for the last couple of quarters in the low 20s. We saw a very significant acceleration in the content delivery part of our business in Q3. As I mentioned, some of that growth acceleration was aided by the things that I mentioned. But for sure, I think Paul mentioned this earlier, we're seeing very healthy growth across the board, across most of our customer sets. But I think you have to make sure that you balance that with the fact that some of what aided Q3 were the software releases that I mentioned, these custom government projects that I mentioned and just I'd say to a smaller extent, the events that I mentioned. But in general, we're very pleased with the performance of the business. I don't want you to have a takeaway that we think the business growth is slowing down because it's not. We still think there's significant demand. It's just a matter of timing between quarters.
Paul L. Sagan: Yes. I think what you're seeing is very strong growth, which you're identifying, and we're just trying to explain why we think that people build their models out. If there's any question about what's going on between 3 and 4, it's only a little bit in timing. But we expect a very strong quarter as I think our guidance indicates. The piece that's hardest for us and why we always have a little bit bigger range in Q4, and we just don't know is, our customers anticipate a very strong commerce season. It's driven Q4 growth every year to be ahead of the other quarters. Last year, it was exceptional, particularly as we were really fully recovered or recovering even faster out of the recession of a couple of years before when really spending was really, really slow. And last year, we grew 15%, Q3 to Q4, driven by what, really, we don't have insight into today. That doesn't just -- that doesn't start for a few more weeks. We just don't know exactly where the commerce season will go. And yes, it could provide even more upside than we've built into the model. But based on what we can see and try to estimate these accounts, that's how we've called it.
Paul L. Sagan: It's just really the wraparound of really an unbelievable Q4 last year just when everybody was saying, "Where is your growth going to come from?" And the total growth last year was 11%. You saw it start in Q4, and we jumped 15% quarter-over-quarter. You're just seeing the wraparound to that exceptional Q4 last year. But we're coming close at the high end of our guidance to close to doubling the growth rate we had year-over-year. So we've had 4 straight quarters of growth. You're seeing us wrap around to the single biggest jump we have had. And so we're expecting a great Q4. We're just sort of reminding you that compared to last year's jump, Q3 to 4, it's a little hard to duplicate even though we're very bullish on how we think the year is going to go.
Paul L. Sagan: Yes. I mean, so obviously, we've put customers in each one of our verticals. And so we have some customers that really represent their high tech customer and a media customer and a commerce customer. We only put them in one vertical. So we happen to have software download activity. It's primarily in our high tech vertical. We also have customers that also drive software download activity that's also in our M&E vertical and other verticals.
Paul L. Sagan: Very stable environment, same kind of long-term trends, particularly in M&E, around volumes. So we think we have that well measured. And same kind of trends and stability in commerce that we've seen as well. There we're certainly seeing, along with enterprise, strong uptake of our new security suite, which I think is a premium product and is reflective of the value we're getting in the market. So we're very pleased overall with how we're doing with pricing on the top line and then profitability on the bottom line. Thank you all for calling in. I'm pleased to report these results, and we'll be back in another 3 months to report on how the commerce and fall season turned out. Until then, we look forward to seeing many of you here in Cambridge in December for our annual Investor Day. Thank you, and have a good evening.
James Benson: Sure. I'll take that, Paul. So you're right, we've talked about it in past quarters. And we continue to do a bunch of things to drive our co-location costs down. One, making sure that our servers are in kind of not the most expensive facilities. We've moved also at the areas of metered power because power is a huge component of our co-location costs. We've made very good progress there. We continue to look at the network and make sure that where we've made software updates in different areas so the service that we have on the network we get more throughput out of. We're ensuring that we buy new servers that have higher throughput. So there's a bunch of -- there's a bunch -- there's a large play book of activities that we're using to drive co-location costs down, and we believe we can continue to do that. You mentioned bandwidth. Again, we continue to benefit, as the rest of the industry benefits, with the cost of bandwidth going down over time. So certainly, we get the kind of buying leverage for being a huge buyer of bandwidth. So we continue to be able to drive bandwidth prices -- bandwidth costs down as well. So as far as -- these initiatives, we're going to continue going forward. And I would expect that there's a bunch of things. It depends upon what traffic volumes do and a bunch of other things. But those initiatives, we believe, are going to allow us to continue to manage our network costs very well. Probably the last area is it's important to note that the other area that's in our cost of goods sold is we've talked about the pace of innovation, and the pace of innovation that the company has actually seen in the wave of product introductions that have taken place over the last year. A lot of that is driven by the fact that we actually capitalized this innovation through capitalized software development. So what you're seeing in our cost of goods sold is you should see a larger percentage of our cost of goods sold start to become related to internal software development that once we introduce products gets depreciated and would be included in cost of goods sold. So in general, there's a bunch of things going on between bandwidth that we're driving down, co-location that we're driving down and continued product innovation that will really introduce new costs that probably -- at a greater pace than we've seen historically.
James Benson: Okay. Yes, I just want to make sure that we're clear in what we're trying to message. We certainly saw a strong performance in the Olympics. Obviously, Olympics is a multiple-week event versus some other events. So we've certainly got some benefit from that. But as Paul said, there were a bunch of things. And one of the things very notably that I mentioned is the timing of very large software releases that historically had happened in Q4 that actually happened earlier and occurred in Q3. So we had strong growth across the board, across the company, but we saw particularly strong growth in software releases that occurred in late Q3 that historically have taken place in Q4. I also mentioned that we had a very robust Public Sector performance with some custom projects that completed within the quarter. So one of the ways to look at it is that I mentioned in our guidance for Q4 that we're guiding kind of -- we're guiding to a slightly lower sequential growth Q3 to Q4. Some of that is driven by the fact that seasonally, some revenue that occurred in Q4, actually, we received some of that in Q3. One way to look at it is, if you look at Q3 and Q4 combined and kind of look at the half and say, what has been the growth half 2 versus half 1? If you look at our guidance at the midpoint, we're growing kind of from half 1 to half 2 about 10%, very consistent with what we've grown over the last few years, about 10% from half 1 to half 2. So some of it is the timing of when these things happen. But again, a very strong Q3 performance across the board. We've got a little bit of a lift from some things that historically we get in Q4, but we're expecting a very strong performance again in Q4.
James Benson: So I think organically, our sequential growth was if you look at the benefits that we get from Cotendo, I mentioned before that Cotendo was about a $2 million a month run rate. So you pull that out. You're talking $6 million. We had a currency headwind of $6 million. Our organic growth is exactly the same as our growth including acquisitions.
James Benson: Think of a gaming company, for example. That's really a media and entertainment company, but what we're doing for them -- or one of the things we're doing is delivering their game.
