Tom Barth: Great. Thank you, and good afternoon and thank you for joining Akamai's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Speaking today will be Tom Leighton, Akamai's Chief Executive Officer; and Ed McGowan, Akamai's Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding revenue and earnings guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties and involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in Akamai's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements included in this call represent the company's view on July 30, 2019. Akamai disclaims any obligation to update these statements to reflect future events or circumstances. As a reminder, we will be referring to some non-GAAP financial metrics during today's call. A detailed reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found under the financial portion of the Investor Relations section of akamai.com. And with that, let me turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Barth: Well, there's certainly a lot of competition in the CDN space, and always has been. I think the fundamental change is that our customer's under pressure, from Amazon in particular and that puts them in a harder position. And so that decreases their business and put pressure on our revenue as really a flagship vertical for Akamai. They still need our services. They still need the best performance. They really need security and they want that of course as a packaged capability and that helps us. And that's why I think our churn is incredibly low. So despite the fact they're under pressure, we do have some of them going bankrupt. We see very little loss to any of the many competitors that are trying to get some of that business. A very, very high percentage of the major retailers out there use Akamai. And I -- every indication is that that should continue, but their businesses are under pressure. And that puts our revenue under pressure.
Tom Barth: Yeah, great. Thank you, Ken and thank you everyone for joining us this evening. In closing, we will be presenting at some Investor Conferences and events throughout the quarter. Details of these can be found on the Investor Relations section of akamai.com. Thank you for joining us and have a wonderful evening.
Ed McGowan: Yes, so this is Ed. I'll take that. So for the cloud security business, we had previously guided the mid-20% range. We now take that up to mid to high 20% range. And the CDN will still be flattish for the year. So in enterprise security, so we don't break out enterprise security as of now. That's still a pretty small percentage of our total security revenue. As it gets more material we'll break that out.
Ed McGowan: Yeah. Sure Sterling. Yeah during the quarter we actually and with some of our U.S. customers were able to pick up additional share. In the Media space, the share shifts based on number of factors. One of which is better performance. And the Media team's done a great job of really focusing with some of those large customers, on improving performance specifically for the use type that they have, whether it be live video, or video that's on various devices, so that we can pick up some additional share. So we were pretty happy to see that, that part of what put us over the range for the quarter.
Ed McGowan: Yeah. Heather, I'll take the first one here on the business excluding the giants. So yes you're correct it was down, 1% or 2% this quarter. And that was as expected. We had talked about earlier, how we have some major customers on the media side that were we were renewing in Q1 and Q2. So that has is as expected. And given they were kind of getting into a seasonally, low quarter expect that to be flattish. You probably increase 1% or 2% in Q4 with our strong seasonality. But I think another way to look at it is, what is a catalyst that can potentially drive that business higher and I think as we look at 2020, you've got a number of factors whether it's the an even year where you have more traffic associated with things like the Olympics, the presidential Olympic -- the presidential election excuse me. And you also have a number of OTT offerings. So in that business where it's primarily driven by traffic, traffic growth offsets, your pricing is decline that's essentially the math there. So, when a year where you see accelerating traffic, that's when you start to get into a bit of acceleration in growth. So that's what we'll be looking for.
Ed McGowan: Sure. So I'll take that one, Tom. There really is no typical deal they're all pretty unique. Most customers in the large OTT space do use multiple source whether they do it themselves or have multiple CDNs. Your typical contract if there is such a thing it really depends. I mean, typically we'll sign-up for anywhere from one year to two years contract length volume based pricing based on the traffic that comes over the network when it comes into delivery. All of our other services whether its security, professional services et cetera are priced in a different manner. And in terms of the, I guess, the volume commitment that can vary as well. And that also is a factor in terms of the unit pricing. In this world, we're trying to get as much share as you possibly can given the fact that we've got the most amount of capacity and we've got capacity in all the right places around the world. We typically do pretty well in a multi-CDN environment in terms of getting share. That's basically the way those OTT contracts work.
Ed McGowan: Yes, great question. So I think one of the things that we've seen and the Media team has done a great job here of selling security. It was a vertical where we didn't have a lot of security penetration. And we've seen enormous growth in our security business across many sell verticals within the media space whether it's your OTT video space, your publishers, your gaming customers et cetera.  So what does that fills in some of the hole in terms of the revenue decline. Because obviously, you'd take a price decline and then traffic will ramp over time. Generally, as I talked in the earlier question around commitments sometimes getting larger commitments to get guaranteed share is a way to also offset some of the revenue declines.
Ed McGowan: Why don't we take the last question first, so in terms of the price renewals, we had talked about -- we actually didn't call out the big six price renewals. And the reason we didn't do that was given the fact that there's only six customers, so we don't want to single that out. What we had talked about was, there were a number of consolidations, we talked about the beginning of the year that were up for renewal in Q1 and Q2 so there was one remaining in Q2 and that is now done. So we're done with that. As far as the question on the big 6, what I would say is, any activity that we anticipate in the big six has been factored into our guidance. I don't want to get into specifics of additional timing around revenue but I did talk about declining revenue this quarter related to the renewals we did in Q2 and then in Q4 we expect to grow. In the U.S., the question around U.S. growth, just couple of things to keep in mind with the U.S. growth rate. This is the area within the Web business where we have the most pressure from a macroeconomic standpoint with our U.S. commerce retail vertical, which is a pretty significant vertical for us so that's put some pressure on the U.S. growth. This is also where those renewals I talk about in Media sit as well where you've got some price pressure we have to go through here in the first half of the year. So that's also put some pressure on our growth rate as well. And I just if you look at some compares last year in Q1, we had the Olympics in Q1 of last year, which did not repeat this year as we saw some softness in Q1. And then also we had a very strong Nominum quarter in Q1 of last year which didn't repeat in Q1 this year and has been tread in line with what we expected here in Q2. So those are some of the factors that you have to take into consideration. Now I know you said you excluded the giants, but the giants are in the U.S. So anytime we see some pressure there, you'll see our total company U.S. growth rate decline a bit.
Ed McGowan: Yes, hey Brad. Yes, I don't want to provide specific guidance. The only reason I don't want to do that is just that it's somewhat out of our control the user adoption. Obviously, very, very powerful brands, which gives us confidence to say that we believe that there'll be some significant traffic to gain. We have good relationships with all the players that are announcing OTT offerings. We can't control the timing, we can't control the user adoption. So it's hard for us to sit here and say that there's a big number because it becomes somewhat binary. If I call out a big number in traffic for next year for one or two of those and it doesn't show up it's hard to make it out. So we'll update you in Q4 and much better view of guidance on revenue. On the CapEx side, it's a more simple calculation for us. As we look at planning out for our network build we've got a core business is growing fairly nicely from a traffic perspective. And strategically we want to be positioned to be able to take as much traffic as possible. If these services do take off and are widely successful, we are in a much better position because we have the largest network. We have the most capacity. We have capacity in the right locations. So strategically it makes sense for us to do that. As I mentioned, if we're wrong and the traffic doesn't really materialize, we can grow into it and take our CapEx down for next year so. Now as we talked about it as a team we thought it was the right bet to make to position us for that growth. And again, I just don't want to speculate right now until we start to see some of that traffic exactly how big that will be.
Ed McGowan: Yes, we're not going to give guidance beyond 2020 or a 30% operating margin. We also always want to operate as efficiently as we can and there are certainly scenarios where the margins could increase beyond 30%. But we're not going to give any comments on that today.
Ed McGowan: Sure. So one of the items is the fact that you have the giants, the Internet Platform Customers, excuse me, that are down will be down about $4 million sequential so you take that into consideration. Now the other thing is the FX headwinds, we're expecting at least another $1 million of headwind there. That's something just to dig in a little bit on the FX side, you've got about 40% of our business is outside the U.S. and not all of that is in non-U.S. dollar now maybe of that is. And we've got if you think about our major currencies, you've got the euro, the yen and the pound as the three big ones. And there's obviously a lot of pressure, especially in the pound. So, some FX headwinds there. And then the other thing, if you remember from last Q3, we had the World Cup. So that added some extra dollars into Q3 of last year. So you factor all that together, you can see why we're still guiding to at the midpoint down slightly at the high end roughly flat.
Ed McGowan: That's correct, Mark. It was about $5.5 million for the quarter, and we're still expecting approximately $20 million for the whole year.
Ed McGowan: Sure. So as we look at the growth outside of the U.S. the nice thing is that both EMEA and APJ are going in double-digits. Asia in particular we're really seeing strong growth really across everything you talked about. We're seeing some pretty interesting initiatives in the media side. We're picking up lots of traffic. And with security we're really seeing great growth across both EMEA and APJ and across many different countries. If you remember a number of years ago, we started to make investments in our sales force and grew our sales force outside of the U.S. and that's really starting to pay dividends for us. So it's a number of factors. I think one of the things in terms of competing in the marketplace making that large investment in our go-to-market, our services and our support organization have 24/7 support to something that really does help differentiate us in the marketplace. Also, our investments in the countries, where a lot of these companies operate, and where some of their end-users are also separates us in the marketplace. And we're finding really good growth in a number of countries across the world.
Ed McGowan: Sure. So great question. We did expect to see strong sequential growth quarter-over-quarter, but this was stronger than we had originally modeled in. Part of that is related to some comments we made earlier last quarter around our bookings and that the majority of our bookings now are coming from security sales both to existing and new customers. And our services team did a great job of getting a lot of these customers, revenue generating earlier than what our model would suggest. So we had more a month's worth of revenue in the quarter. Also our Web Division had an acceleration in year-over-year growth rate across many verticals. I mentioned the commerce verticals were seeing very nice growth, but also across financial services public sector high-tech, so great participation across a number of verticals. Also, to Tom's earlier point in his earlier remarks, we've got strength across multiple products and we saw a great quarter-over-quarter growth in Bot Manager, Kona Site Defender and Prolexic, also Janrain added up quarter-over-quarter about $1.5 million. Compare our Q1 results to Q2. So, really just strength across the board both here in the U.S. and also outside the U.S.
Ed McGowan: Yes, Janrain was in line about the same. If you look at sequential growth quarter-over-quarter, as I started saying, we expected to have pretty strong sequential growth. Just wanted to outline what that was and show that a lot of the growth came from our core security across many different verticals, both divisions, and from getting customers who had signed up over the last quarter or so, revenue generating faster than we expected.
Ed McGowan: Also, and you reported the Cisco traffic stat, and in fact we're growing our traffic a lot faster than that.
Ed McGowan: Sure. So we had a very strong quarter in gaming in Q1 and came off a very strong year in 2018. Gaming can be somewhat seasonal, not necessarily based on the calendar, but based on when new games come to market. So Q2 was a lighter quarter in terms of gaming traffic for us, not because we lost any share, but with more just kind of a light -- lighter gaming quarter in general. Hard to predict when and how popular games will be, but again I don't think there's anything to be concerned as to where a lighter schedule.
Ed McGowan: Sure. So still the majority of our business comes from our existing customer base. The sales organization does a great job of selling additional capabilities into that base. We have been very pleased and we've seen a consistent return on our new customer acquisition. We don't break it out specifically, but we have seen some pretty good traction. And as I mentioned earlier, we've been leading with securities, so a lot of those customers are coming on as security customers.
Ed McGowan: Sure. I'll take the last part of that question in terms of the size of the traffic. One of the things as you go into some of these emerging markets you mentioned cricket, there's been some forces in the market that have enabled much better quality video access to millions of users and that's a great trend for us. In terms of the price sensitivity, we've talked about before in the Media market, really it is a pretty efficient market around volumes. So we don't notice anything specific relative to emerging markets having lower prices because of our emerging markets or what not it really is a function of volume. And what's driving those volumes is you've got lots and lots of people consuming media, the teams have done a good job of gaining some customers in some of these countries outside the U.S. that are big traffic pushers you think about cricket not a big support here in the U.S. but very big internationally. We tend to go after whoever has rights for a live video. And like I said earlier we've got the best platform the best technology and capacity in the right places. So good business for us.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So we're not going to give specific guidance for 2020. But in terms of how it's going with the revenue commitments it varies by customer. What that does it enables us to one have more confidence in going out and building ahead of plan. You know customers vary from customer-to-customer in terms of how much they're willing to commit. Sometimes we get a percentage of traffic, sometimes its $1 commitment et cetera. But it's always something that we try to get as part of our sales when we can.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks part of that is just our operating -- operational efficiency. And I talk a little bit about how we -- we're starting to see some good returns from our procurement function. We enhanced what we said some procurement function, but we really enhanced that and we're starting to see some fruits of our labor there. And just in general we're investing in efficiencies in IT for scaling our G&A operations and managing our headcount more effectively. That's we experience turnovers.
Tom Leighton: Sure. So with the giants, the Internet platform customers I talked about having two customers that renew. This is pretty standard. It's really just a contract that comes up for renewal. We're just negotiating pricing. I talk about how we expect to see those customers decline in Q3, but I do expect that group of customers to grow from Q3 levels into Q2. We will pick up a little bit more share with one of them and we expect to see pretty strong seasonality in Q4 with the rest of them. But again, that's pretty normal. So as you think about that group that's customers the contracts come up for renewal we'll have the price down generally we get more traffic. But again, we'll be down $4 million roughly in Q3 and then up again in Q4. And in terms of the new streaming services, so I guess the best way to talk about this one is we talked earlier about how we had a number of customers that we're renewing in Q2, Q1 and Q2 that were large consolidations of the marketplace some of whom have announced new streaming offerings. The good news is that's now behind us. So we've renewed all of those customers. And we talked a bit about updating our CapEx to build out anticipation for what we expect to be some increase in demand. It's really hard to predict exactly how successful these launches will be. We'll have to wait and see. Tom and I talked about, being cautious here. And making sure that, we build out and advance. So to the extent there is volume, we're there to take as much volume as we can. And to the extent that it doesn't pan out our core traffic is growing so we can just grow into that additional CapEx. So I think we're really well prepared for it. We'll give you an update certainly on our Q4 call, as we start to see some of this traffic come online in Q4. And we'll get a better sense of what the next year looks like.
Tom Leighton: Doing well and grew the quarter. It's still early days. We're integrating it with our Bot Manager Solution, to provide a more comprehensive capability. And understanding really who is logging in, making sure it's the person we expect. Managing the user's data, in a secure way, so it can't be stolen, but I would say, early days, and looking positive.
Tom Leighton: Yeah. And in terms of Janrain, the large majority of our prospects were competing with a homegrown solution, or do-it-yourself. And the challenge they're seeing is they grow their business of scaling the homegrown solution, getting performance out of it. It can be hard to use and security is a big deal. And you're dealing with very personal user data. And so security is really important there. When we do see a competitor come into the account typically it would be Gigya, we'd see and occasionally Okta. Okta really works more on the enterprise side of the house. But they do have some capability on the consumer side. And I would say, most often it's a do-it-yourself solution that the customer has. And the revenue question, yeah our revenue there is in line with expectations.
Tom Leighton: Yeah. We've been supporting edge compute in various forms for almost 20 years. At our Edge World Customer Conference we talked a lot about our new Edge worker solution which gives them even greater capabilities over and above Edge side and includes in cloudlets. And we also demonstrated -- our new IoT Edge Connect solution which has message broker support -- MQTT support and also compute at the Edge in the IoT model. So there's a lot of interest in that. I think the interest will increase more especially as you see more IoT applications out there. There was a lot of buzz among our customers as talking about the IoT applications they're working on. Clothing companies or sneaker companies talking about putting sensors in your shoes or clothes. Our airline customers are sensing when you get to the airport so they can update you automatically on your flight. Merchandisers tagging items for sale so they can keep track of it and have automated checkout. So -- and I think 5G is going to help enable a lot of these applications that people are talking about now. And that -- Edge compute is a big part of that because you have to do a processing of data sometimes at a massive scale, latency can make a big difference especially with gaming consoles or automobiles when those are the devices that are on the Internet of things. And I do think people are really starting to realize just how important our Edge platform is. And not just for delivering content, but doing compute and certainly for security.
Tom Leighton: Well, yeah, you'd have to be delivering it from the Edge that's where we're located. So, we're in good position to help with that. And I think we have a great relationship with a lot of the gaming companies. I think in terms of Google's service, they probably do it themselves. We've really been having discussions about that capability for probably over a decade now with some of the world's largest gaming companies. And the challenge, I think, for them is the economics. In terms of who's paying for the CPU, who's paying for the bandwidth, who's paying for the co-lo. Now, Akamai can certainly handle the streaming with very low latency and at scale, and do a really good job of it. So if this does take off, that's a source of increased traffic for Akamai, which is a good thing.
Tom Leighton: Yeah. I think it'll be gradual. And to coincide with the gradual deployment of 5G around the world, basically the way to think of 5G is it increases the throughput at the last mile and it decreases the latency. Now increasing the throughput, and also it gets more people connected. Now doing that increases the demand for traffic, and that's just existing business growing faster because of 5G. Having in addition, the decreased latency and the better scale in terms of how many connections can be supported, does help to enable IoT kinds of applications, and that's where I think you can see things that maybe we haven't even thought about yet in terms of IoT. To this point IoT has been a little bit of a buzzword. And I think just judging from what I see in the customer base, that's going to start to get more real. And you need to take advantage of that low latency that means you got to have servers at the Edge where Akamai is. And so, we're in a great position, especially with our IoT Edge Connect platform to support those applications at scale with low latency and to offer Compute at the Edge. So, I think it will be not all at once. It will be sort of a steady growth both for our organic business and for new applications in our IoT Edge Connect platform, that's now just a question in early days.
Tom Leighton: If I could just add something on this in terms of your question around growth, Tom mentioned the pressure will still continue on the core business on the delivery business. But the Web team's done a great job of going in and selling security similar to what I talked about with the Media team and should see some of these price declines our security revenue in the commerce space is growing, which is great. So taking the pressure on the acceleration business, but augmenting some of that in the security side.
Tom Leighton: Yeah. We have a advanced technology group that they have expertise on the enterprise security side of the house. And they've worked with the reps on our existing accounts and new prospects. So it's -- I would say a typical sales motion for a new capability. It's early days for zero trust. You're now talking to enterprises who manage their enterprise security one way for a long, long time. There is the notion of the moat around the castle perimeter defense and it doesn't work anymore. And it's going to take them some time to really change, and so we're seeing early major enterprise wins, which is great. And we're growing -- the bookings are increasing year-over-year. And I think there will come a time in the not-too-distant future where we really see very strong growth here. Already the major analysts are out there zero trust is the way to go I gave some quotes during my prepared remarks. And Akamai is clearly one of the early leaders with this capability.
Tom Leighton: No particular update. We're really excited about our partnership GO-NET our joint venture with MUFG. And their goal now is to be offering this as a service in Japan in early next year. So we're about a year out from commercial adoption, and so far so good.
Tom Leighton: Yeah. I don't know that you get traffic growth directly in line with revenue growth. And the reason for that is that you have staggered renewals throughout the year. I think, the way to think about the math is, if you look at taking a unit of delivery and a price per unit as prices decline, there's a certain amount -- depending on how you model it. You would need to get just to be flat. So, really the way to think about it is, as you go into 2020 or any year where you have line of sight to more traffic, the question becomes does that traffic accelerate at a rate that is greater than your expected price decline? So we will have the number of renewals next year like we always have. Some of our contracts too have volume discounts. As you push more traffic there can be lower unit rate. So rally the way you think about it, the question you need to think about here is, will we see enough traffic from these new OTT initiatives? Things like the Olympics, Presidential Election that will offset that price decline. The good news is we've gotten some of our larger customers repriced here. So that, again -- I think it's possible we're really just going to see how successful these launches are as they come to market.
Tom Leighton: Yeah. So that's on track, Enterprise Threat Protector 3.0 with full suite capabilities later this year, and that will go up against Zscaler. And we already compete with Zscaler with not only Enterprise Threat Protector but Enterprise Application Access, and we are competing very successfully.
Tom Leighton: I'd say it's very relatively early days. We do talk a lot about protect and perform and in fact when you buy Kona Site Defender that comes with Dynamic Site Accelerator. Really just all works on the same Akamai platform. We're processing all the requests to provide the Security on KSD, and so just by the fact of we're processing where there is network, you're going to get faster delivery. And if you buy Bot Manager, that of course rides on top of Kona Site Defender. And so when you want these Security services, you get some basic delivery and acceleration with that. I think the bundling is very important. Gives us a real edge in the marketplace. It makes it really challenging for a web customer to want to go to another provider that not only will their -- service their applications slow down, but they won't have security. Also makes it challenging on that side of the house to split traffic because in fact we've had a couple large performance, customers want to try to use two vendors, and if you only have half your site secured, you're not secure at all. And then they come to the switch back to use Akamai because they need the security. And we're pretty unique out there in terms of having these dual capabilities. And the best part is, it's all one platform, all on one service. And so, there I would say, viewing us today, as I talked about before, we're not just a great CDN. We have that, but we're a market leader by far in terms of security.
Tom Leighton: Yes. It's started to become kind of a buzzword. So everybody says they got it even though they don't. With Akamai's solution, we do access at the application layer instead of the network layer. And that's a big differentiator because at the traditional approach of doing it at a network layer, once you're in, you pretty much can go everywhere. Now there's a lot of folks that will sell extra equipment to do network segmentation. But you still have the same challenge and then you get even more overhead. By doing it at the app layer, which we do as a service not -- we're not selling boxes like a typical approach then we can sit in between the device and the user and the application just the same way that we do for public facing applications. And we can bring Kona Site Defender to bear. So we authenticate it really is the user that they really have access to this particular application not just to the corporate Internet and then we make sure that they don't ever touch the enterprise application or data directly. Everything comes through us and we scrub it and we defend it. And that just isn't done today and nobody has that capability out there. We're unique in being able to do that because there is no real competitor to Kona Site Defender. Never mind bring it to bear to enterprise applications. And then you have our Edge platform with the massive scale which is really important for the large-scale attacks. And you have Bot Manager, which we can bring to bear to understand really what is it that entity that is coming to access the application. And also where is that entity going otherwise as we can catch for example HVAC systems that are exfiltrating sensitive corporate data because we're monitoring everything that the devices do inside an enterprise to make sure it's safe. So it really is a unique solution and very different than all the other folks that are talking zero trust.
