Paul Sagan: Sure. Well, one of the keys is a lot of it is HD, not everything. People are still delivering video at variable bit rates, and some of them more standard like we have been seeing for a number of years. But we're seeing increasingly HD video both for on demand higher quality things like movies and TV shows delivered that way and especially for live events, not just because of the picture quality, but because of the instant replay and the effectively built-in DVR or digital video recorder functionality that we provide right in the player. And I think that is very exciting. So, it doesn't account for all of the upside. We saw strength across media, across software and high-tech. We saw it across e-commerce, but I think HD was a piece of the pleasant surprise, and I think will be a big driver for us over the next several years, because what we are seeing from customers is much greater interest at adopting the Akamai HD solution, faster than we had expected.
Paul Sagan: Yes, sure Mark. Yes, last quarter we disallowed talking about the broadly based churn and customer account numbers and kind of ironic that we then went and had a record quarter there with our – our gross new customers were up, our churn was actually below 3%, which are very low. But I still think the right way to look at the business is to break it down by vertical. We talked about in the commerce vertical, the signs that really do matter there. We are looking at the dollars coming in the door from brand-new customers, who are signing up to our value-added services, particularly DSA and APS, and that was up 40% year-over-year. We saw the revenue from our value-added solutions go from 46% to 54% a total of our business from Q1 of ’09 to Q1 2010, and we continue to get really good up sell of our existing customers to the point now where 77% are buying at least one solution, and we continue to have really good traction there.
Paul Sagan: One value-added solution, correct. So I think we are very, very pleased with the signings that we saw in the quarter, particularly around the value-added solution. And then your question on international, you are right, last quarter, last first quarter we had a very large quarter in international, and so there are some tough compared timing type impacts. I think also what you are seeing in international is something similar to what we saw in North America last year, particularly the economies there haven't recovered as fast. The digital media business has not turned like we have seen yet in the United States. So the results are a little bit dragged down by that, but we continue to really good traction of our value-added solutions over there. And I do believe that in the long term, and even in the relatively near term we will see an acceleration there, and international will continue to be our fastest growing geography.
Paul Sagan: No. I think it is a little hard to make the long-term call. We have had a range, which we have been very successful staying within as part of our model, and we believe the model holds. We just see so much growth opportunity right now by geography around the world. By vertical, whether it is performance enhancements and application acceleration or the rapid adoption of HD and the size of audiences, customers are beginning to talk to us about delivering with high-quality video with interactivity. So we just think it is prudent to make sure that we're ahead of it so that we are not turning customers away or disappointing them. And we think spending a little bit more than frankly grouping those purchases and getting even stronger possible discounts from our suppliers on the hardware side is a prudent step to take. I have gone through this before, but just for the benefit of people who may be new to the story, we are not making long-term multibillion dollar bets on some new manufacturing plant. These are quarter by quarter decisions. If we remain as upbeat, we can continue to expand capacity if we think that is a turn in any part of the world, we can pull back a little, and it is not a stranded resource. So we think we are doing the right thing to stay a little bit ahead and encourage the network group to build out faster. But it is not a fundamental shift. It is not a fundamental shift in product type. It is just our consistent build for where we see demand, which geographies, which networks, with services around the world and making sure we stay ahead of the opportunity.
Paul Sagan: You know, I think that this is a competitive field, and technology unit prices go down every year. We have always worked with that thesis, and it has been true for over a decade, and frankly our ability to drive our own unit pricing down, and share that with our customer, allows them to expand our use to things like HD. So I think that is just a given, and since I think we are at the 1% line today of exploiting the market opportunity. I don't worry about it, and if you look at how much video in the home today comes over the Internet, it is a little over 1%. It took 15 years to get there. I don't think it will take 15 years to double and double again. So there is plenty of volume to go after, and it is key that we are going to drive price down, and share some of that with our customers. One of the things that I think has been terrific over the last several quarters has been our ability to drive more business for customers to do more, and continue to improve the profitability of the business, whether cash gross margin, GAAP gross margin or just EBITDA. They were all up and strong this quarter. And at the same time, I think we were doing better job delivering value for our customers.
Paul Sagan: I think that one we dealt with before Michael. I think people, A, made more of it than there was a year ago. We were more aggressive in some cases. It was at the right time because it unlocked demand. We found some elasticity that we either missed or frankly it wasn’t there before. And I think it is regular course of business. Our customers want to do more, their businesses are improving, their monetization options are increasing and they are turning to us for quality, scale, reliability and security. And we are pricing it fairly, and I think that is working for both parties, us and them, and so, there is really I think much less to be made of what people thought was some declared radical new strategy.
Paul Sagan: I think, one of the things that unlocked the potential for HD was the massive expansion of last mile broadband and end-users capable of getting several megabits a second, and we see that increasing, and creating more bottlenecks on the other side of the Internet across turning points, and in the first mile. And so as you know the Akamai distributed mile solves that problem as we did with some events recently delivering HD video from literally over 500 locations in the US alone for our customers. So we actually think we are in exactly the right spot. There are certainly networks that get underprovisioned. We have seen that to some extent in some wireless networks, and the end-users with a disappointing experience. I think the challenge there is those providers either have to expand their capacity, or they are going to lose subscribers somewhere else. So you are right, we can't do better than the last mile in the ISP networks. We partner with them to help them expand their capabilities and be more efficient. We do a lot for ISPs, but ultimately the last mile is only as good as the last mile that you are in and I think we are going to see consumers going more and more to the best network providers, who can give them a great first mile connection to the Internet. And our goal is to be in those networks and deliver its scale. So there is no technical limitation. There certainly will be places with poorer performance in countries with slower networks. But by and large we have seen a dramatic improvement there over the last five years and we will continue to see it I believe going forward.
Paul Sagan: Yes, I don't have a scientific way to measure that. I can give it to you sort of anecdotally as we see it. I certainly think we are seeing more interest in HD faster from a broader set of customers than we saw before and expected. I think there was a long period where people were in the 300 kb, the 500 kb, 700 kb, and once in a while experimenting with something more. And it is pretty typical now, if it is a professional sports league or a studio or somebody with premium content, talking about much higher bit rate file making one and two meg and upstream formats available. And one of the interesting things is we are seeing that when it is available, often more than half the users are going to the highest available, and we are seeing that the engagement levels are much higher. So the live sporting events are very interesting because you can get a true AB comparison real-time, how long people stay at different bit rates. We have done some events recently and the engagement time or the amount of time people stay watching is often double or more the standard bit rate. And so that just raises huge new monetization opportunities for the distributors of content producers, and I think that that is why so excited about it and we have been able to show them examples of that. And I think that that is a very powerful message in driving at least anecdotally faster interest and faster adoption. I think there is certainly plenty of standard bit rate video and I'm sure you have been to many websites, where that is all you get. So I think there is a long way to go, which is a great opportunity for us.
Paul Sagan: Well, it is actually quite flexible in terms of we deploy the servers out there, and we provision them real-time automatically, software-based to respond to the requirements and needs of our customers. So literally the same server that is delivering traffic for the HD network, one day may be serving Edge computing content you know in the next 15 or 20 minutes.
Paul Sagan: Well, the driver for the capacity is clearly media volumes, and HD video. There is no question about that. The point there is it is not, we don't have to make a bet about this capacity here and then if something else takes off we have to respond differently. That is the beauty of our network. In some sense that media, that big footprint that we build out for these massive volumes in media, we can leverage to deliver our value-added solutions on top of that footprint.
Paul Sagan: You should take it as me pointing for the fences and trying to get the team motivated to make the – to be there by the end of the decade. I think we are going to give you formal guidance on Q2, which we did, and then you could do your own calculations for the rest of the year. I see a way we could get there. We could do better. We could do worse, but it is certainly within our grasp to meet the goal we set out. And then I think the other point is, we are now looking for the second billion in revenue as well, and that is why we are making the investments in all of these areas.Katherine Egbert – Jefferies & Co.: Sure. Okay, congratulations.
Paul Sagan: The discussion we have had with them for over a decade is about scale and quality, and how do they find their audience, how do they get them to stay longer, and how do they monetize their content. And so whether that is the HD network and the built-in functionality like DVR, the ability to put multiple video streams in camera angles in a live event, and keep people there longer, so they see more advertising or interact with advertising. For media analytics that helps them to figure out to how to monetize better, both historically and real-time. Our advertising decision solutions that raises the value of advertising for a certain set of our customers, or our digital media acceleration capability that takes the dynamic aspect of a media site and makes it more reliable and engaging are all the types of things that these customers talk to us about. And increasingly I think they are the value-added pieces on top of video, because that is how they are going to make money. And I think we have got a great portfolio and a growing portfolio of services that meets their expectations for how do they build profitable businesses.Sri Anantha – Oppenheimer & Co.: Great. Thanks so much.
Paul Sagan: Great. If we keep the questions tight, we will be able to fit them all in in our hour folks. Go ahead.
Paul Sagan: Well, let me answer your second question. I would expect that we are going to have sequential growth probably across the board in all of our areas, but it is going to be highly focused in R&D and sales and marketing. So I don't have specific guidance for you by line item underneath the totals, but we will have some natural growth as the business grows in the G&A area et cetera, but the primary growth is going to be in engineering and in sales and services support. And then to your first question, I will take a shot at it. You know, the cloud – there are a lot of people deploying cloud computing very broadly, and give very big numbers. The way we think about cloud optimization is how we are helping our customers deploy cloud solutions or deploy into a cloud based model the applications that they are running today in a more centralized data centre model. And customers today spend a lot of money optimizing the way their applications work in that model and there is a lot of cost savings to be had there. So we kind of focus on the parts of the market that – where customers are spending money to optimize solutions today. And that is probably a $2 billion to $3 billion market to define narrowly and then you know, obviously you can have even broader discussion as you go further out into the cloud optimization world, and get into the billions of dollars.
Paul Sagan: Right. So that is right. A little over 50% overall with commerce being the biggest piece of that. I think there are two great parts to commerce. First, as e-commerce has just grown overall, the second 100 and the third 100 sites are becoming big enough, big enough online businesses that we think that they can benefit and pay for our services. So we are going after the next 100 and the 100 after that with the original suite of services, but we think we can help them sell more and improve the ROI, but we are not done that the first 100 either, where we have over 90 of them. We’re adding functionality, we're adding features like web application firewall, where we even go sell and raise the wallet share that we get, and we have a roadmap of additional features. Some will just be enhancements that they will get with their current service, but many will be new services that we believe will help them sell more and have more successful online business. So we are going to focus on continuing to add value and hopefully getting paid more from our existing great customers set and going to the next 100 and the next 100 after that with the current offers in e-commerce to help them grow and be more successful online. And we think that that's a great category from us. It is just starting to benefit for example, from our advertising decision solutions and our ability to help online retailers find more in market customers and drive sales that we are going to get. Otherwise, for example, we’re very optimistic about that portion of the business.
Paul Sagan: We've done some customer relations. We’ve also done a number of partnered ones where we are being embedded or providing a solution as they grow. So to some extent as they sign on more customers their business grows and they’re effectively sort of a channel. So I don't think there is one answer for what the size of those customers. It really depends on the use case and whether they are a single customer or they are really our way to get to many others.
Paul Sagan: So, sorry. We won't comment on specific customers. One thing we have said for one, I think this is also important is, you know, in our side no single event is that important to the result. We certainly care about every customer. We want everyone to go well, but no single event is a large piece of our quarterly revenue. But I won't give you obviously the specific revenue for a customer…Donna Jaegers – D.A. Davidson & Co.: All right, thanks.
Paul Sagan: It is a nice little question, but can’t go there. I'm not sure how you modeled it anyway, because no way to really calculate how many events per quarter per year. One thing we always have is there are always a few for a quarter. They’re always pretty interesting, but there is sort of regular course and speed of our business right now.Donna Jaegers – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, thanks.
Paul Sagan: Yes, so, Michael, I think over the last three or four quarters we had some nice wins in the M&A space, but I think largely what we're starting to see now is the organic volume growth that those wins started to or have sort of led to.
Paul Sagan: All right. So with that one, we’re little over our time. Thank you all for dialing in. It was great to give you an update. We’ll see you back here in another quarter. Bye-bye.
J.D. Sherman: Michael, I think the reason that we saw an uptick there was really on the top line, the accelerated revenue growth helps the numerator there. And I think if we continue to see very solid growth on the top line, then basically our investments in the CapEx have paid off and that is not a big worry. If we see the top line start to level off, then we will have two pull back on our CapEx. As Paul said before, we are making sort of 90 day decisions here. We are not making for one year or two year out type decisions, but the way I look at it or the way I would recommend that you guys think about it as an investment, because we see things starting to look very positive for us in the near term, and that bodes well for our top line as well as the model.
J.D. Sherman: I would just add Brian, I don’t think we’ve – while we are seeing that happen and interest is moving a lot faster than we thought, we still haven't seen that sort of inflection point that broadband adoption grow back in late 2006 or early 2007, that huge ramp up. I still think we are in the early sort of – maybe it is not the 1% point anymore, but it is certainly the 5% or less point.
J.D. Sherman: Yes, sure. This quarter we added about 90 people. Largely our expenses are associated with people. And 90% of those ads were in two places, go to market meaning sales, services and support and R&D. And we're going to continue to invest in there. I think we scaled pretty nicely it terms of network support and G&A et cetera. Obviously we will have to continue to grow in scale to handle more customers and more network traffic et cetera. But our primary focus is building out our services and support in sales, particularly around value-added solutions and building out our capabilities in R&D to add additional functionality, again particularly around our value-added solutions, but also the HD network we are investing in heavily there.
J.D. Sherman: Well, what we have started to do is talk about on a percentage basis where we are. It is something that we will dive into at least on an annual basis when we get to our investor day just as we did last year and give a little more granularity there.Kerry Rice – Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay, thank you very much.
J.D. Sherman: Some of it is servers in the network, and some of it is drives in storage for cloud storage for our media customers. And then as you know, we capitalize a certain amount of our R&D as well.
J.D. Sherman: Then, as far as the sort of share of our business that that will become, it's hard to say long-term because it depends also on how volumes grow in our media business. The nice way to grow the share will be to have both parts of our business growing very rapidly. We are at 54% now. That's up seven or eight points from where we were this time last year. I wouldn't be surprised if we are talking about sort of 60% type number by year-end, but we'll have to see how all the pieces play out.
J.D. Sherman: So, I'll answer that one first. I do think, you know, there is always timing impacts in any year on the tax rate, and obviously we have to deal with that. I do believe that will be you know, sort of 39% or lower this year on tax rate, and I think over time as our business shifts into more international that tax rate will come down sort of gradually over time. There won't be a step function, but we will have a gradual decline in our tax rate over time. We are never going to be the kind of company that has a sort of a 10% or 12% tax rate, because we don't make anything that would shift offshore, but what we will be able to do is just manage that a little bit better as our business shifts internationally.
J.D. Sherman: Oh, I see on cash tax, yes, you know, you make an estimate, you start paying based on where you think you are going to come out, and based on the way we see this year playing out we will be through our NOLs this year. We’ll be a full cash taxpayer in 2011.
J.D. Sherman: Sorry, headcount, yes. So, yes, we added about 90 people this time. I actually think that if anything will ramp that up a bit in the second quarter, we tend to have – significant hiring happens towards the end of school years and second quarter is a little bit slower. In the third quarter during the somewhat months, but I do think we’ll ramp that up a little bit.
J.D. Sherman: Yes, I mean, you know, our business is – the nice thing about our business is the recurring revenues. So you can start to see the bill but, you know, there are a lot of variables in the business, and so it was hard to say exactly how things were going to look after seeing January or even February results but you know, it looked after even you know, that January results came in that was going to be a strong quarter and we kept that momentum up through the quarter.
J.D. Sherman: I don't think there is any hockey stick or any one event or anything like that. You know, the really nice thing and the hardest hottest thing to predict obviously is what happens after you see a very large seasonal quarter in Q4, and to see some sequential growth off of that, particularly as our advertising business declined naturally was, you know, a pretty good surprise.
J.D. Sherman: You’ll have to ask them about their traction, because we don't see them with our customers. I think it's one thing to talk about when you do this as a hosting company, I think it is really different to accelerate, people contact applications and handle their mission-critical businesses online, when billions of dollars are at stake, and we have spent 12 years working with our customers to deliver their sites reliably and to optimize the performance of their applications and building proprietary technology using a distributed model. And other people are in the hosting business, in the mirroring business and trying to run a backbone to figure out how to appear their content through the congestion on the Internet, and it just doesn't work very well. We saw that in spades with live sports. Recently we see it with e-commerce and we see it with acceleration, and so, you know, fundamentally we take a different approach. We think our customers recognize it and other people take a different approach, which we don't think really applies to what we do. So it's – we don't think it's the best of breed solution, and we think that's why we've done so well. Other people will come out with other solutions, and frankly they will have to prove the ROI to their customers. Anyway, thanks for the call.
J.D. Sherman: I would do it really quickly because we’ve gone over an hour, and we told people get them out of here.
