Paul L. Sagan: All right. I might just take them both in reverse order, okay? So I think what you're seeing on margins is tremendous work by our software teams and our network teams to find unique and proprietary ways in our network and our software to drive significantly higher throughput, greater efficiency with the same great performance our customers expect. And that we're seeing earlier dividends than we expected, which is why we overachieved so well on margin. We think there's more to come as we develop it. We're not going to give you long-term guidance. You know we don't do that quarter-by-quarter. We've given you expectation for CapEx for the year and for margin in the near term. So let me just say, we're very pleased with what we're seeing out of the efforts and the renewed focus that we brought to COGS. And I think that there's more to gain there over time. At the same time, we're going to invest in innovation, so we're going to balance the 2 very well but maintain a very profitable business. On the other -- partnerships, the Riverbed partnership we announced about a year ago. About a quarter ago, we said we were now selling. We're starting to close deals, so I'm very pleased with the early signings. It is an enterprise solution sale, so that's usually not a transaction to close, but we're pleased with what we're seeing, and we're actually signing now full contracts with customers for that new solution. So we're pleased with the early in-market results. And the Qualcomm announcement was very recent, and that's a technology partnership to try to work collaboratively with one of the leading technology providers in the cellular space to effectively embed some of our technology in their chips. As those gain traction in the marketplace, it will allow us to bring to our customers even better performance for content and applications on devices that use those chipsets. We think that's very exciting. As I said, mobility requires a multi-pronged strategy. There isn't a single magic bullet. What you see is the breadth of our technology capabilities, the breadth of our customer relationships allowing us to partner at many places in the ecosystem, even ultimately down to the chip in the devices themselves to bring really unique solution to improving performance, which benefits everybody, benefits the end users, benefits the handset manufacturers. It benefits the network, which is really important because they're trying to figure out how to drive more capacity in a very expensive environment. And it benefits our customers, who are looking for the highest-performing way to reach their customers. So we think working with that broad ecosystem is going to be key to our leadership position in that aspect of web performance.
Paul L. Sagan: The market has always been competitive. We've always talked about the need to drive high-value solutions that our customers will pay for. We're continuing to see the same kind of competitive dynamic that we've traditionally seen and the same pricing dynamic. I think what you're seeing is effectiveness of the team to innovate and bring new high-value solutions that our customers are willing to pay for across cloud, infrastructure solutions, particularly now security, as well as media, which is really reflected by the accelerating traffic that we've been seeing there, which is our customers bringing more content to market and relying more on Akamai to deliver. So I'd say the general atmosphere is consistent with what we've seen, and I think the overachievement on the top and the bottom line has been really, really good execution by the teams here, working with our customers to deliver products and our network partners to drive capacity up and cost down in large part through huge innovation in our own software.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, most of Cotendo is on the cloud side. We said that once that was integrated, we wouldn't be breaking it out, and they've been integrated and that process has gone very, very well. What you're seeing is across the board, the products that I talked about. Security is the newest area we've been in, but the Terra products, both, that we sell direct to our customers improved application, performance; and to the service providers that allows them to provide Akamai optimization to their customers, particularly now with the Cloud Catalyst product that allows people to add our capability seamlessly through other people's portals and other people's selling motions, allowing us to grow there. So I think you see a combination of innovation of new products like security catching on, as well as really good infield motion of direct selling and improved channel management or partnering capabilities to drive strong results there as well. And the Cotendo team contributed with a good customer base, good functionality and we're continuing to add there on the development side to build, we think, a strong pipeline of products to come in the coming couple of years.
Paul L. Sagan: Yes, Michael, I think we've answered that one every quarter. Yes, that was a onetime. They recycled themselves on different rate and pace, and that effect was 1.5 years ago now.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, I think there was a global meltdown in the middle, and that one was out of our hands. I don't mean to be flip, but there are externalities that are way beyond our ability or anyone's ability to fully predict or plan. We've been very pleased with what we've seen over the last year. We gave you guidance for the quarter and then for the year on CapEx. We're not going to go beyond that. I will say that I think that the forward trends are continuing in providing us opportunity around cloud, around mobility, around video and security. Those continue, and frankly, even in the soft spots around the world like Europe, we're still seeing strong demand for those kinds of services there that we're not immune from the global recession. Somebody said, "Congratulations, you're immune." No, maybe we would do better if the economy was thriving, but we have products that are value to people who are continuing to move their businesses online even in tough economic times, and we think that they're catalyst for a strong growth for us, but I'm not going to give you a long-term growth projection.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. Well, Cotendo brought revenue and customers, and we've done well so far, integrating customers across our network to our suite. There's still a process to go. We said that beginning to end, that could -- that would take about 18 months, so we're clearly not through it. But we've made good progress and we're on or ahead of planning the same with integrating personnel and starting to move people off of integration as much to new things. Very encouraged by what we're seeing out of the capabilities at the development center in Israel and we have ambitious plans to ramp up hiring there. There's great engineering capability, including on the security side. And as we do more in cloud security, we'll be looking for more -- to build out more expertise in that office and other places. And then we will be announcing or just subtly moving functionality from Cotendo into some of our cloud infrastructure. Our product Blaze, for those people who maybe didn't follow us closely, was an FEO or front-end optimization technology. Again, a great engineering team integrated it to Akamai. They didn't bring revenue and a large customer base. They've brought a really important functionality to further improve the performance of websites. We've not made any product announcements with that technology, but we're really pleased with that now that it's under our roof. And over the next few quarters, we will be making product announcements in that area that we think are significant as well.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, historically, the cycle go on for a little while. They're not 1 or 2 quarters, especially if you can hold constant for sort of economic turmoil. We've been really pleased with what we see. We have some visibility in it from our customers. We think the drive to more media, video, particularly online, because of the ability to drive high-quality, both the fixed line and wireless environment is important and with high quality and high security. So we believe it will continue to grow. We've been pleased with what we've seen for the last few quarters, but it remains the hardest piece to predict. Long term, we think the long-term trend is going to be more video over-the-top. Again, the majority of TV viewing in the home is old-fashioned TV, so there's lots of opportunities to grow the delivery of video, particularly high-quality video. So I think you've seen us be increasingly optimistic about it just because we've got more data points on a steeper curve. But I don't think that's a space that will ever give you really long-term specifics on because it is a little cyclical. But right now we're certainly in a good part of that curve.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure, Ed. So as I said earlier, very pleased with the integration of Cotendo, including how we're working the product into our portfolio and maintaining the existing customer base they brought over and then selling new things to those customers as well. I'm very pleased so far with the tracking of migration of partnerships and resellers throughout the world. That's gone very well. The others, obviously, some of them are technology partnerships like the one we announced recently with Qualcomm and technology plus go-to-market with Riverbed. I think what you're seeing is an overall theme. Akamai sits in the cloud. In many ways, we were the original and largest. And so as the world moves to cloud computing, hybrid environments and providers look to join that ecosystem and grow, we're just a logical partner because we are so complementary. We're complementary with hosting providers who want to now provide a cloud model. We're compatible with people who are trying to make mobile work better as part of the overall solution for people who want to bring sites or applications online. And so we've invested in being a better partner back, how do we embed some of our technologies, something that 5 years ago, we didn't do, embedding Akamai technology in other people's products. And we also didn't embed their technology in our products, and these partnerships are examples of both, more of the technology in one place talking to our network or vice versa. And we think that over time, this will also raise the value of our services and drive new revenue opportunity. Some will be more immediate in terms of the joint product like Riverbed opportunity. Other will simply enhance the value of our products and theirs, like what we're trying to do. With Qualcomm and in the case of Ericsson, you have some of both. Now in the wireless space, particularly when you're talking about carriers, getting those embedded and rolled out takes a while. It's not exactly a set of operators who necessarily move quickly, which is why we've taken a long-term view. But we're making a long-term bet that mobility will be increasingly important and that our customers will look to us to help them as part of an overall solution. If we do that well, they'll want to do more with Akamai. If we don't, we won't be as valuable, and that's why you see us doing these kinds of things, and if you will, kind of spreading our reach and our ability to work with more and new kinds of entities in the ecosystem of the Internet.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. I think my comment, and I think you quoted me about, correctly, was really about how big the opportunity is for security in the cloud. And my general point was that if we really executed well with security -- cloud security offers like Kona Site Defender, years down on the road, people might actually think about us as a cloud security company who also did delivery and performance because the opportunity is that big. I didn't mean to imply that we were going to be the whole market or that cloud security would replace traditional security in-depth layers. I think with the rising threat level, that's not going to happen, but I do think this sort of -- if you think of secure the device, secure the perimeter now, secure the cloud as the emerging area, we have the opportunity and are now taking an early leadership position and secure the cloud, secure outside the perimeter because effectively, your firewall is becoming so virtual anyway in a hybrid environment. And so we're pushing hard. You see us talking about the opportunity, very strong sale. It's still a relatively small part of our cloud infrastructure business today, which gives us lots of room to grow, lots of room to penetrate existing customers and then to go, frankly, we can now sell the solutions to people who aren't Akamai customers and they don't even have to buy any other Akamai services to get started if they want us to do some cloud security for them first. So we think it's a great way to add to existing accounts and to go get new ones. We're very excited about security. Long way to go before you start referring to us as a security company first, and I think we've got a lot to prove. But the early steps there, I think, have been well executed. I'm very pleased with what the team has done. I'll let Jim talk about the headcount ramp, and obviously, the things to remember in terms of summer hiring and acquisition and other things that go into the mix.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. We've moved to a theater model with the Americas, with EMEA and APAC and we've appointed 3 senior sales leaders, 1 person in Asia Pac who's already deployed there in a different role. Someone with great experience in enterprise solution selling, a former Akamai executive who has left and then was working for IBM who rejoined us. And then just this month, the appointment of a Head of America -- the Americas region for us as well. I think what you're just seeing is growth and sophistication of the go-to-market effort under a very, very strong leadership provided by Bob Hughes, who has the worldwide responsibility for sales. But also, services and marketing and really all of our forward-facing initiatives in the field. And so you see him building out a team with theater responsibility so that we can be in-market, in-language, fully responsive to what our customers need. Because in the world of the cloud, there's no down for maintenance, there is no hours you're closed. Day and night, 7 days a week, people are using our network to make their business run. And we have to be responsive where they are and so you are seeing us grow the capability of our team, driving more sophisticated management deeper into the field for greater responsiveness, and frankly, authority in the field and putting it in the hands of some really seasoned executives. And I think you're seeing in the accelerating growth and the tremendous results, particularly the cloud infrastructure services. So you're exactly right to pick up on it. It's deliberate and I think it's paying off extremely well, and those 3 leaders are very strong. Obviously 2 have been here for a while, 1's been here for about 1.5 weeks. Still trying to figure out Akamai acronyms, but we're very enthusiastic about their potential. You said you have one other question, I think, for Jim.
Paul L. Sagan: So I'll take that. So we actually -- interestingly enough, we actually had a really good quarter in Q2 across all of our markets, as I mentioned. We actually had a good quarter in the European markets as well. Certainly, there's a little bit of caution in the -- kind of the southern countries of Europe, but we saw growth there. I think our value proposition, even in a difficult market, is still very compelling. So while we may not have the opportunity as plentiful in Southern Europe, we still believe, in general, the European market in total, the northern markets, the central European markets are going to grow very well for us. The Asia-Pac markets are going to grow well for us. So we believe that we have significant opportunities to grow, both in Europe and Asia-Pac, as Paul had outlined.
Paul L. Sagan: So far, it's been very positive, and as we said, we were ahead of expectations in every vertical and every geo. We certainly see customers being cautious about spending. But they are pushing forward on most of their Internet initiatives. They see the future to save money in other areas is by going online and to drive future growth in online initiatives. And the most efficient place to be is in the cloud with an application online, reaching users with the data they need, whenever, wherever they want it. Frankly, if you don't do that, you're not competitive in virtually every industry in the world now. So even though there is caution and even though everyone is trying to spend less in aggregate, we see their willingness to spend on Internet initiatives particularly around security and performance. And so I guess, we could speculate that we'd do even better if the economy globally was in great shape. But with it in bad shape, and that's not a good thing, that's just the fact, we're continuing to do extremely well and beat our own projections so far. So we've been very pleased.
Paul L. Sagan: I didn't track everything you put in there. Obviously, things like Riverbed are new. Mobile is fairly new, but we're selling that direct and we've had very strong uptake. It's only been out for a few months. We're not going to break out numbers on every one. We give you the aggregate number, then we're giving you some highlights, where we think we’re seeing some important changes like security. But I think the overall theme -- rather than put your words back in my mouth, let me say what I think I was trying to say, which is we just think that there is a string of innovation you're starting to see that is targeted at the opportunity for growth in the cloud infrastructure space. We're going to continue to improve the products we've brought out and we've got a roadmap for more things to come across every product suite in the next year, 1.5 years, and we're going to push really hard to develop and bring those to market. We think there's more opportunity in all 4 areas of cloud, video, security and mobility. And if we can keep bringing out things that our customers need, short of another total economic meltdown, we're going to be able to find demand in the market for them.
Paul L. Sagan: Yes, most of our customers don't overlap. They -- we can't up-sell them until we move them to our network, that's an 18-month process overall. We are moving customers over, have been already for a while. It's going to take 18 months to complete. That has a bell curve, obviously, a few in the beginning and some stubborn ones at the very end, the bulk in the middle. And then we'll get to know them and offer them more things out of our portfolio. So I think that we can sort of think of it as not a full 18-month opportunity because at the end, you're just in the long tail. But a year or more of good opportunity to slowly introduce that customer set to new products, either make the first contact and move them over or on renewals and to sell them things like Kona as we go. And we'll mine that opportunity really probably for the next 1 to 2 years and then try to bring them even more things from our portfolio. But just understand, as soon as we move them over, we don't think of them as Cotendo customers. They're Akamai customers serviced by Akamai people. And we look at what are they taking today and what else could we offer them.
Paul L. Sagan: On the first, we're not going to get into pricing in ARPU on individual products. But these are, particularly the new services, premium products for which we're getting significant revenue and they're good margin products. On the network, we've got a roadmap of changes to come over the next 18 months. They tend to come kind of they're lumpy as you develop new capabilities and then deploy it on the network, so it's not a smooth sort of week-over-week progress. They are sort of step function there, but we have a good roadmap of things that we're going to continue to drive efficiency. Frankly, I -- as we've been doing this on an ongoing basis for years, I couldn't -- I can't quite break it down as sort of a percentage complete as you phrased it. I understand what you're asking, I just don't know how to answer the question that way.
Paul L. Sagan: So I'll say on the last one, they are still a great reseller partner. I don't think it has any implications there, so no impact to date. I think on the other question, there are sort of 2 components. The MCDN or managed CDN. We've been doing that for a while to provide specific solutions to network operators. We continue to offer that. That's a bespoke opportunity and we think we'll see some growth there. The new area is really, the OCDN or Operator CDN where we can allow operators to deploy our technology, that we could provide a software, they can deploy it on their own hardware if they want to. They can manage it on their own for some functionality. They can then federate with us if they want global capabilities or let us operate even more advanced services. We're now in some trials with customers, very good conversations. But that is not -- we did not expect that to be a significant revenue producer. This year, we see that as a very important strategic long-term opportunity. We now have a team built out and a leader for that business group and I'm encouraged by their early progress, but that is a long-term initiative.
Paul L. Sagan: It's primarily -- well, there is -- it's in the cloud infrastructure services. It's site acceleration and some additional services that improve the performance of sites and applications. But most of that revenue has moved into the infrastructure services bucket that did not have a media or a video offer.
James Benson: Yes, what we call cloud infrastructure solutions, we previously called value-added solutions. And as Paul said, they did grow 22%. Michael had asked the question around the impact of Cotendo. What we -- we're still not going to break Cotendo out separately because we've embedded it in the rest of Akamai. But we did share last quarter that Cotendo was a little less than $2 million a month, just as a frame of reference. But if you adjust for Cotendo and for constant currency, we grew cloud solutions 22%, regardless. So it was a very strong cloud solutions quarter.
James Benson: Right, and -- so you're right, we added a little over 115 -- I think we added 115 people in the quarter. We added more than that in Q1, but remember, I think you were referencing it, that was also including the Cotendo and Blaze acquisitions, which were by themselves over 100 people anyway. So in the areas in particular that we're specifically targeting is we're going to continue to build out our go-to-market resources. That's what we did in Q2. We'll do more of it in Q3. The other area, in particular, that we're going to be focusing on adding resources is in the R&D area to continue to drive product innovation. And we talked about the -- I mentioned in the opening remarks that we announced 7 new products already in the first half of the year. We expect to announce more products in the second half of the year and beyond, and we're going to continue to add engineers to fuel that pipeline.
James Benson: I think Paul highlighted a little bit around -- just in particular, you were trying to provide a little overview in particular what we're doing to drive our network costs and network scale. And really, what that is, is that's allowing us to drive scale in our co-location costs. So we're doing things on the pricing front with co-location costs, so pricing in the sense of making sure that we're located in the right-priced co-location facilities, not necessarily the most expensive ones. And we continue to drive software efficiencies that allow us to get more throughput out of our servers, therefore, we don't need to add incremental co-location costs, nor do we need to add going forward as much incremental CapEx because we'll get more throughput out of the servers that we have. So in general, we're executing very well against that playbook and we think that that's going to continue going forward.
James Benson: And I think specifically, if you're asking which industry verticals that they operate within, it's pretty much across all of them. So as Paul said, it's kind of augments the capability that we had and they -- their customer base sells pretty much across all the verticals that we're in. Probably the light -- mostly in commerce, enterprise and high tech, probably to a little bit lesser extent, in the media vertical.
