Tom Leighton: Yes. The revenue and security was driven by our flagship services, Kona Site Defender, which provides web application firewall capabilities, stops the attackers from taking over a website or corrupting it or stealing data. There are [indiscernible] service capabilities. That stops the big attacks. You have Bot Manager doing extremely well. And that keeps adversaries from taking over accounts from stealing customer information. We also have a very strong security services business, and those folks have been very busy, as you can imagine, with major IT shops now trying to support, remote work and work from home on a sudden basis, where they really need security help. Closely related, but a smaller business is our Enterprise Security offerings. And we do have new capabilities there. We now have a Secure Web Gateway that’s available. And coming up later this year, multifactor authentication. We also have a new service I talked about called Page Integrity Manager. And this works the – one of the latest attack vectors that’s becoming pretty rampant out there where the adversary puts malware into a third-party side or third-party code that’s used by the primary site. And what happens there is the user comes to the main site and the main site links to third parties for their apps and other things that are useful, usually. And the browser follows those links. And before you know what the browser is getting malware from one of those third-party sites. And that malware is designed to cause the browser to give up the user’s personal information like their credit card. There are some very famous breaches there resulting in large fines and Page Integrity Manager stops that and notifies our customer that they got a problem in terms of where they’re linking for their third-party content. Also we have Akamai Identity Cloud, which provides capabilities around the user and their profile and history, making sure that user data stays safe and compliant with local regulations. So really a lot going on in our security business, and we’re seeing very strong growth there, obviously.
Tom Leighton: Yes. We’re the largest provider of edge computing services by far. We have been doing it for close to 20 years. And the idea that this is how somehow something new is just not true. It’s – most of our customers are using our edge computing capabilities for a variety of applications to A, B testing for how users like their site, to do things locally about what content actually gets delivered to the user, what ads get delivered to the user. Keeping track of how a user goes through a site. The security services use an extensive compute power at the Edge. We don’t break it out as a separate revenue item, but if you use the definitions, we see that a lot of folks in the analyst community are using, I would say already, it’s over a $2 billion business for us. We don’t report it that way. But most of our customers are using the computing in some form or another, and also when it comes to Edge, I think this is really important. We’ve been talking about the Edge and the importance of being at the Edge really again, 20 years, and recently it’s become popular as a buzzword. And that’s because the Edge is really important, but to be at the Edge, that means you got to be in thousands of places, close to the users, really close, and we’re in 4,000 points of presence now. A lot of the other CDNs, who talk about doing Edge or Edge Computing, maybe they’re in a couple of dozen cloud core data centers, which is really not the Edge. In fact, you could take probably about maybe even all of our CDN competitors put them together and they don’t get anywhere close to the Edge presence that Akamai has. And what’s the future of Edge Computing, I think it’s very large, you look at 5G coming and that’s going to utilize a lot of capabilities at the Edge. With 5G, you get a lot more devices connected. IoT becomes much more possible. You have much lower latencies in the last mile. And then that means it’s even more important to do the computer delivery from the last mile. If you’ve got a huge latency in the last mile, okay, the latency you’ve introduced going from the Edge of the core is not as bad, but you really now it becomes noticeable with 5G. Also you have a lot more bandwidth to 5G. So I think that’s an important driver, a future revenue for Akamai. Also with IoT, we already have an IoT Edge Connect platform that our customers are using. It’s unique among CDNs. It uses different protocols. Not ACTP, by and large, which is what powers a lot of the web today, but MQTT, it uses the pub sub model, which is a whole different communication paradigm. That’s a lot more efficient. And again, users not only compute at the Edge, but data stored at edge, key value pairs and databases at the Edge. And Akamai is in an unique position to provide that. But again, I just want to be really clear Edge Computing is not a new phenomenon. It’s got recent buzz with a couple of IPOs on the street, but we’ve been doing that at scale for a long, long time.
Tom Leighton: And on the M&A question, we’re continuing our efforts there, at the same pace is always. But we’re also very disciplined buyers. And when you’re in the midst of a pandemic, it is a little harder to conduct diligence. And if we were to close an acquisition, maybe a little harder to integrate it with the travel restrictions we have now. So probably that’s a damper. And I wouldn’t say, there’s huge bargains that have been created as a result of the pandemic, at least not yet. And we’re very careful about what we buy to make sure it makes good financial sense, but we’re continuing with our efforts there full speed ahead.
Tom Leighton: Well, yes, we are working very hard in terms of both product delivery and with a sales effort. And we were very pleased to see substantially increased bookings so far this year. And we very much would like to continue to accelerate the penetration in that business.
Tom Leighton: Yes, this is Tom. I’ll take the first question. I would say, it’s a mixed bag with COVID. On the one hand, there is a much greater need for our security products, not just enterprise products with remote workforces, but pretty much all the security products because the attack volumes and vectors have increased so much with the threat actors trying to take advantage of the situation. So that’s a good tailwind. And I think you saw the benefit of that so far this year. On the other hand, sales are a little harder, because you can’t visit customers. Everything is remote now. That said, I think our teams have done a very good job adapting with virtual conferences and meetings. And so I think we’re dealing with that situation very well. On balance, I think we’re in a much stronger position with our security offers, in terms of the customer’s need for our products. And I think Ed will take the question on media upside.
Tom Leighton: Yes. So you do start to see a little bit of traffic, not accelerating as much, I would say, probably the best way to put it. Coming into the pandemic, something like that really accelerates a trend. So you saw a lot more internet users now adopting e-commerce, adopting – watching video online, cord cutting, et cetera. So we saw a nice bump from COVID in the pandemic, and we’ve seen that sustained. I’d say traffic was elevated probably longer than we had expected. We’ve never been through one of these, so it’s hard to always call it. But in terms of normal seasonality, I would expect to see, as the summer months come on, we do expect to see traffic certainly not grow as quickly as we saw the last quarter, but it’ll still be strong. But I would expect some seasonality that’s reflected in our guide.
Tom Leighton: Yes, sure. So one thing I did call out on the call was that we had some license revenue. We do sell every quarter a couple million dollars of license, some of our Nominum products to our carrier business – our target customers, excuse me. And this quarter, in particular, was a bit unusual, just that we had that sort of performance. I talked about $7 million in the quarter. Typically, you see that purchase behavior in the back half of the year in Q4. It’s a little bit unusual to see that in Q2 or Q3. So I just wanted to call that out. It’s something we want to take into consideration. And also, as you look at sort of year-over-year growth rates, Q4 of last year, we had a massive sequential growth quarter-over-quarter. I think we were up about $22 million sequentially. So just kind of keep that in mind as you’re doing your modeling, think about kind of your year-over-year growth. We talked about being over $1 billion. At the beginning of the year when we gave guidance, we talked about doing $1 billion of revenue in security. So this implies sort of low 20% growth rate, which is better than we had expected coming into the year. And then again, as far as new customers are concerned, you’ve got a base this big. The revenue growth is going to come from that existing customer base. We continue to add new customers every quarter, but it won’t make a material impact on the year. That happens over time. So it’s – we continue to add customers over time, it will be more of an impact on the overall growth, but it’s going to be the existing customers that really drive the growth.
Tom Leighton: Yes. I don’t think there’s any change in the gaming landscape, if anything. I think the thesis that it is less efficient to do all the compute in the cloud probably getting proved out. Companies have been working on that for over a decade. Now we do a lot of business with the gaming companies. So we’re a go-to player for them to distribute software. And there are things that we can do to optimize the performance as well. But I think doing all the compute in the cloud, it’s not as efficient, just economically. With Edge Computing applications, pretty much all of our customers’ applications that run on Akamai are doing some kinds of compute, personalization, the selection of the content that goes to the end user, the format it goes in, the images, which image goes, depends on the device, the connectivity in the last mile, all optimized for performance. So it’s pervasive today, I would say, Edge Computing on our platform, which is a reason why we don’t separate it out. I don’t think you can. And also on the Security side, we are inspecting the details of every single request that comes in and also the content that goes back out. We’re placing software on the client for all sorts of purposes, most recently for Page Integrity Manager. As you go to a website that’s protected by Page Integrity Manager, we have our script on the client itself that is looking at everything the browser is being asked to do, to see – for example, is it being asked to access your credit card or stuff that we believe is personal information and send it to a place that we think is bad. And I can’t tell you how much we’ve already discovered is going on out there. So I would say Edge Computing is just pervasive today. And the Edge being our edge servers in 4,000 locations, which is the real edge. And also on the client, we’re doing a lot of computing there as well. And I do think that is the future. And as you have richer applications, there’s more use of that. I think the big opportunity going forward is in the IoT arena. I think 5G helps to enable that. And as I mentioned before, that’s a whole different paradigm, uses different protocols and different structures like the pub-sub model and data stores. And again, being at the Edge helps a lot to reduce the latencies there. Edge Computing is not a new phenomenon. And I think that’s really important to understand.
Tom Leighton: Yes. I think at a high level, the conversations are very similar. But with much more urgency in some cases, I can just give you an anecdote with a conversation with a CEO of a very large company. And the CEO was both happy and worried about how quickly his IT team had enabled the workforce to be remote. And he was happy because within a week, the entire workforce was remote because basically a shelter in place rules are put in place. On the other hand, he was worried because he always wanted a remote workforce, but was always told by his Chief Security Officer it would take two years to make it be secure. And all of a sudden, their workforce is remote in a week. And that led to a really good conversation about, okay, how can we really secure it for them. And that’s where our Enterprise Application Access product and our Zero Trust suite of solutions really makes a big difference. It’s a service on our platform. It does it security at the application layer, not at the network layer. So never mind the pandemic and remote work, it’s just a lot more secure to start with. But now you’re in a position where very quickly we can enable them to have security for a remote workforce that employees can only access apps that they’re allowed to. And even then, the employee device can’t directly touch the app or the data, it just touches us. And we’re scouring every communication to make sure that malware isn’t being spread and data is not being exfiltrated. And of course, that’s not possible with the traditional approach. So I think the COVID situation with remote work has certainly enhanced the interest in EAA. The attack rising in general have enhanced interest in Akamai Security Solutions. And of course, you’re right that there’s a lot of scrambling going on out there. And so it is a little more complicated in terms of the sales process. But on balance, I would say we’re doing better than we expected. And on balance, there’s more tailwinds associated with the pandemic for our business because customers need our help even more than before.
Tom Leighton: I missed the first part of the question, but I think it had to do with our enterprise Zero Trust Solutions, and we had a very strong quarter there. We don’t break out the individual numbers for that solution set yet, but we saw very strong growth and we were very pleased with that. With the Managed Security Services, as you can imagine, this is a time when our customers need us more than ever with that. You have the range of attacks increasing, their sophistication, and now our customers really busy trying to figure out how to securely support a remote workforce. So very pleased with the results there and the continued very strong growth of our Security Solutions.
Ed McGowan: Hey, Sterling, thanks for the question. So I’ll start with the presidential election. I’d say, this year – coming into the year, we’re expecting probably a bit more robust debate scheduled, where a lot of competitors going out to the democratic seat that sort of ended quickly. So I’d say it’s probably going to be a bit more muted this year. Just because there – I think there’s only three debates scheduled, it’s not as much activity as I would have expected at this time. So nothing outside of a little bit of revenue associated with that. So nothing really significant. On the OTT launches, obviously, we just had one go a couple of weeks ago. It’s still early days and I don’t want to go in May. So still pretty early there. I think we’ve got, you saw the media revenue, obviously, very, very strong expect to see another strong quarter. Despite the fact that I talked a bit about the dynamics in Q3 and for the rest of the year with those applications in India being banned. But we’re seeing good growth there and expect that to continue into the balance of the year.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Good question. So you can imagine, there’s an awful lot of debate internally on that. What I would say with contract restructurings, I mentioned, that we had about a $14 million a headwind here in Q2. Most of that was in travel, retail we did see about 10 bankruptcies roughly this quarter. And you look at the economic data, it’s mixed, there are some, some numbers that are doing better than others. So as we go and look at the Q4, you’ve seen, we’ve given quite a wide range, and if you do some math on kind of the mid points, it’s kind of suggests a bit softer than we saw last year. Maybe we go to the high end, it could be a bit better, but it’s still tougher to call. I will say, when I talked about the web vertical or web division, excuse me, last quarter, I expected it to be flat to down a bit, probably a little bit better than I expected in Q2, mainly because we’ve seen a lot of our customers, both in retail and travel be able to access the capital markets and stabilize their businesses a bit. But I still think it’s going to be pretty rocky going into Q4 as we get into the fall season, who knows what happens with the pandemic. But the thesis is correct. There’s not a lot of people going to the stores, you could see a lot of online retail activity. We see a bit of a, kind of a mixed bag. We see some that are doing much better than expected, in terms of traffic growth and others that are kind of in line. And you’ve got some that are still struggling with just their legacy business and in financial difficulty. So we’ll see, but that’s why we provided a wide range. There’s a couple of different ways, different outcomes that could happen here in Q4.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So as far as security goes, I think it’s a bit more of the same. We saw good strength with Kona Site Defender, that’s obviously our largest product and drives the most revenue. We’re starting to see a nice uptick in Prolexic. That was a good surprise for the quarter. Bot Man continues to be probably our fastest growing product. Security services are going along pretty well. So it’s really sort of strength across the board. And I think as I look into the future, Tom talked a bit about Page Integrity. That’s the product that we’re really excited about. When you think about the KSD base as really good customer base to go and upsell that. We’re hoping that, that has very similar characteristics of Bot Man, which is a nice addition on to Kona Site Defender. And Bot Man got to 100 million pretty quickly. Hopefully we can see the same with Page Integrity.
Ed McGowan: So we haven’t broken it out yet. I’d say it is the largest percentage. We’ve got four products over 100 million. I don’t know that it’s over 50%, but it’s probably close to that. That’s a reasonable for proxy.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. I’ll take the first part and say a few words on the second part. Maybe Tom, you can chime in on that as well. In terms of the travel, it’s not a huge expenditure for us, using a couple million dollars a month. So we did see obviously a lot less travel this quarter. And we’ll see a little bit in Q3. So not a huge amount of savings there, but that did help operating margins. I think what really benefited the operating margin line was, obviously, extremely strong traffic, running the network at, probably hotter than we’d like. That’s why you see us building out a lot more CapEx. The network performed fantastically well, but you do want to make sure that you’ve got a lot more capacity to be able to handle big spikes and take advantage of opportunities when other competitors may have some struggles and it’s good to have that extra capacity. But when you do run the network, how do you see the drop to the operating line. In terms of margins, we’ve said in the past that we plan on operating at 30%, we want to continue to make investments in the business. We added a couple of hundred heads this quarter, and in the areas of research and development product and go to market, we think there’s still a lot of room for growth here. So we want to make sure we balance that appropriately.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So the good news is, it was really strength across a number of areas. I’ll dig into a couple for you. I would say one area in particular that stands out in my mind is gaming. We saw a ton of gaming activity and so a lot of major publishers do some smart things, including running some promotions to promote their games and offer attractive incentives for folks to leverage their portfolio. During the time that you’ve got people locked up in a pandemic. So we saw not only just a more robust game release quarter, we just saw some really smart things by the game publishers and that drove a tremendous amount of traffic. So that was an area of particular strength. And then obviously no surprise video, OTT video from a lot of the existing providers, some of the newer providers added as well. And that was strength pretty much across the board. It was both here in the U.S. and internationally. Our internet platforms obviously provided some nice upside for the quarter. That’s been a theme we’ve talked about a lot, they’ve kind of been in that stabilization in the $45 million range. And every once in a while, we get some upside from those customers as well. And then also social media. We saw – we carry a number of social media platforms and it’s not much of a surprise that people are locked up in their homes and not traveling and going out to dinner and things like that spending more time online, including social media. So the good news is pretty much across the game, but if I had to point out one thing in particular that jumped out will be gaming.
Ed McGowan: Sure. No problem. So obviously, our business being a recurring revenue business, you don’t get a ton of revenue right off of that, when you sign up a new customer. So the majority of the business does come from our existing customer base right now about 59% of our customers buy a security product, which is up couple of points from last quarter. And then about 31% of our customer base is buying more than one security product. So that’s going to be a theme in terms of future growth that, whether it’s your ad, you buy Kona Site Defender, you’re adding Page Integrity or Bot Management or Security Services. So I’d say for the certainly for the near-term seeing most of our growth coming from our existing customers is where we’re going to see the majority of the growth is that customers take on more security products. And then as far as when you sign up as a new customer, we do tend to sell a lot of protect and perform bundle, so it’s not unusual to see somebody come in as both a security customer and as a CDN customer, but throughout our history, if you look at our strategy has always been to focus on the largest web properties, largest banks, largest travel, retail customers, et cetera. And to grow those accounts over time. We talk about how we’ve worked with some of our customers that have been challenged with COVID and restructuring contracts and offering some financial assistance that will pay off in the long run. And that’s always been our strategy. So our focus on acquiring new customers that have a lot of growth opportunity, this has paid off over the last 20 years. And that’s where we’re going to continue to focus.
Ed McGowan: Yeah. I’d say there’s probably three key areas. The first one is around performance. So what a lot of the OTT providers or really any large scale media customer will do is they’ll have their own set of performance metrics. And pretty much now most large providers of media content will split with CDNs. And usually it’s the one with the best quality wins. Pricing is pretty efficient in the market. So it’s not as much about price anymore. Occasionally, you’ll see that, but it’s really about performance. That’s the one thing. I’d say the other thing is around the capacity that you have outside of the U.S. in particular, we tend to do much better in places that are harder to deliver. And then I say the last thing is just having, scale is another area that depending on the type of application, you can see, real big peak demands, whether that’s in gaming or live sporting events and such like that. So having capacity in the right places, the best performance and having the scale is really what drives the share gains.
Ed McGowan: Hey Mark, yes, thanks for the question. I’ll take the second one first, and I’ll talk about sports right after. So the way to think about U.S., if the U.S. were to do something very similar to what happened in India, the number of Internet users in India is much greater than the U.S., it’s about 3 times the overall population. So you’ll have fewer users, assuming kind of like-for-like. And then also, we tend to have a bit more competition in the U.S. We tend to get outsized share in India. So I would not expect it to be as material. It would be an impact we do for those 30 apps that I talked about. We deliver traffic here in the U.S., but it would not be as material. In terms of sports, so yes, you’re right. We really haven’t had much sports. We had a little bit of the premier league in the Bundesliga over in Europe. One thing I was looking for was to see – where we see a much different traffic profile now that you don’t have spans in the stands? And while we have a limited subset, we get a couple of weeks now of major – a week of Major League Baseball and a couple of soccer leagues. We haven’t seen anything that suggests that the traffic patterns are materially different. I’d say it’s probably more normal and in line with what I would normally expect. So still early, we’ve got the NHL, NBA kicking off here at the end of the week. And then hopefully, the NFL coming on and Champions League and IPL and a bunch of other things. Now, I talked in the last call that for us, sports in general, is about a little over 1% of our revenue. Now if you get that all in a concentrated period of time, that could add some decent revenue. Still, like I said, early days to see how the behavior changes. I’ve watched a number of baseball games and seeing it without fans is not as exciting personally. But hopefully, it continues to drive a lot of folks to watch online. But I think about it in that sort of perspective, about over the course of a year, a little over 1% of revenue comes from live sports. Certainly, the bigger ones being NFL, Champions League, IPL, some of the other sports, not quite as big.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So I’d say the majority is recurring. There is – as I talked about, we do some bundling. So you have a bundle of Protect and Perform. So that can drive a little bit of variability in usage. Sometimes you see that kind of play out in Q4 to Q1, but the majority is recurring in nature. And then your second question was on gross margins. Yes. So the gross margin on security would be greater than what you would typically see on CDN. And it’s an interesting debate, right, because you’re using the same servers that are delivering a video to one home might be blocking an attack from another home. And it just kind of shows the power of the model and the leverage that we have that as we build out this Edge, we can build on new capabilities on top. And those incremental capabilities have much higher incremental gross margin and Security certainly falls into that category.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So in terms of the India ban, we assume that there’s a complete loss there. Obviously, there’s – users move to other applications to the extent that there’s other options in the market. We’re obviously having conversations with all those customers. In some cases, we were – some of them are customers now, some of them we’re trying to acquire. So yes, we’re just assuming that there’s really no material impact right now just because it’s an unknown. We haven’t seen any major shift or anything like that. That’s just sort of traffic has disappeared for lack of a better term. This is something we’ve never dealt with before. So we’re kind of in unchartered territory. So what we did is just wanted to call it out for you guys. And so you could think about it in your models because, obviously, while the Q2 guidance is very, very strong and above where the consensus was, it is a step down, and that is a material reason why. Obviously, if that traffic comes back, that would be great. I wouldn’t expect it to all come back at once. I think it’d be some kind of a ramp. But to the extent that other players in the market pick up some of this behavior or some of the various things that folks are doing with those apps, we’re going to be right there trying to acquire those customers. And with our scale and capacity and performance, we should be in great shape to get it. But there’s no assumption that there’s a shift from one to another. As far as CapEx goes, this quarter should be the high watermark for the year. Obviously, we weren’t expecting a pandemic starting off the year. Or Tom had mentioned doing 100 terabits every day of the quarter. Obviously, it came with a lot more revenue. So what we’re doing now is just kind of retooling and building up more capacity just in anticipation that there could be a second wave of COVID here and maybe another big splice. We want to be prepared for that. In our capacity planning, we’re going to assume that, that traffic comes back in India. We’re not making the assumption here on the revenue side. If we’re wrong, we’ll grow into it. But as I think about sort of a normal CapEx range, the network CapEx is really wide focused on. I know you kind of look at that headline number and I sort of look at the software cap being in sort of that 7% to 8% range. We have got a full gross expense in the P&L for R&D. So R&D running at 13%, 14% of revenue is about the right way to look at it. I think that’s a healthy spend. And then if you look at network CapEx in the 7% to 10% range, it’s kind of a normal range with this year, obviously, being closer to 14% because of the pandemic. I think this is probably the right way to think about it, to the extent that we see the opportunity for significant growth or accelerated core cutting or whatever. We’re going to go after it pretty aggressively.
Ed McGowan: Sure. I’ll take a step. So just in terms of the CDN business, on several calls ago, we were asked the question of what would it take to get the CDN business to get back to a healthy growth rate like what we have today. I think, well, no one would have predicted the pandemic would be the reason that, that would happen. I think to sort of kind of step back behind that, you think what behavior did it drive, it was significant adoption of Internet, video, gaming, e-commerce, online banking, just people using the Internet a lot more. And I would say that to the extent that anything drives that acceleration of any of those trends, we stand to gain. And I think the CDN business is going to always be a little bit lumpy in terms of its growth rate. I don’t think we could sort of go up into the right, just given the dynamics in the business. We obviously have several verticals now that are challenged, travel and hospitality and retail, which has been kind of a challenged vertical for a while. When you get into the high-volume CDN business, you always have to deal with volume and pricing. I’ve been with the company for 20 years, and that sort of rule has been in place since I started. That as companies grow volumes, unit prices go down. Our economics work the same way with our vendors and the way we build our network and design our technology to drive costs out. So you always have a little bit of lumpiness. But really, what you’d have to look at is what are some of the macro trends? How successful are these OTT offerings? What’s the next big trend in something like gaming? Do you get stabilization in your retail and travel vertical? So it’s possible. I think this was a good test case in showing that it is possible to get back to a healthy growth rate in CDN. But there’s a lot of things to consider with different dynamics, some that are out of our control. The other question was on capital allocation. Yes. So we don’t – we talk about offsetting dilution. We’ve done that in the past. And over time, if you look at our share count, opportunistically, we’ve used our share buyback program to reduce the number of shares. Back in 2018, we did a large $750 million buyback. We don’t have any intentions of doing that at this time. But it’s something that we always talk to our Board about and always something that we look at. But right now, as I said in the prepared remarks, we’re looking at just offsetting dilution over time. And we’d love to be able to find some good strategic acquisitions. We’re always looking. We’re very disciplined buyers, active shoppers. Valuations in some of the spaces that we’re in, in security, in particular, started to correct a bit as we went into the beginning of the pandemic, but they certainly come out of that probably even a bit more stretched than when we went in. So we’re going to be patient, look for the right opportunity, but M&A will certainly be an area that we look to utilize our capital that for.
Ed McGowan: I can answer that. Go ahead. Yes, the second question – with security, that is a huge differentiator for us. We’re the market leader by far with Cloud Security Solutions. And as I mentioned, the vast majority of the world’s biggest e-commerce sites make use of our security solutions. Today, I would say, in that vertical, sales are led by security, and then delivering acceleration would be an add-on. In fact, we include the basic DSA, Dynamic Site Accelerator services, part of Kona Site Defender. Thought manager is critical today for any commerce site, and we’re really uniquely differentiated with our capabilities there. So security is very important across not only e-commerce but many verticals today.
