James Benson: Sure, Mark. So the first on our international growth. I think we're pretty pleased with the international growth of 14%. You are right that that is lower than we saw on 2017. If you look at Q1 of 2017, we had very strong growth rates in Q1 of 2017 of 21%. So this is coming off of a difficult compare. But we expect that our international growth rates to remain kind of in the mid-teens growth rate. So I think we're pleased with international growth, there is nothing notable to comment there. I think we have strong growth in Asia Pacific. We’ve had steady growth in our European markets as well and we expect that to continue. And relative to the internet platform customers. You're right, last year, they were roughly $50 million a quarter. But if you recall, from Q4, 2016 to Q1 of 2017 they declined about $8 million. So they do normally decline sequentially from Q4 to Q1. And so declining from roughly $50 million in Q4 to $44 million was in line with our expectations. And we would expect that they'll probably hover in kind of the low and mid-40s throughout 2018.
James Benson: Sure, let me take that. So your first question around the pricing environment in the Media business. As we’ve said for long time the pricing environment in the Media business remains very competitive, so that hasn't changed. It hasn’t gotten kind of worse or better it's just a very, very competitive pricing environment with alternatives that are out there. And as we mentioned that last year, we saw traffic growth slowing in the first half of 2017 we’ve put a very consorted effort in place to go and drive strong traffic growth and work with customers to tuning contract structures and some of that was through a re-price and some of that was through just a more creative contract vehicle with them to drive more traffic share. And we specifically signaled that at times it takes six to nine months from traffic growth accelerating to seeing revenue acceleration. And so what you saw in Q1 was exactly what we said was going to happen, which was we saw a traffic growth accelerate in Q3 and Q4 and now we're seeing the manifestation of that effort in revenue growth. So we feel pretty good about the progress that we're making in the Media Division. And relative to OpEx, yes we took most of the actions were taken in Q4 and we finished the remaining actions or most of the remaining actions in Q1. But I wouldn't say that that is the end of our operational efficiency efforts that I would say that's the beginning of some of our efficiency efforts there is areas that we're going to drive that I will provide a little bit the more clarity on the upcoming Analysts Day and some of those include continued reductions in facilities.  And then there is some areas that we are going to drive around third party vendor savings and then just driving broader efficiency actions in different areas of the business that we have talked about that we've always done a good job of driving costs out of the network we'll continue to do that. So what you'll hear from me in June is I will outline kind of some of our ideas around what's the work we think we can drive to try to find a path back to operating margins of 30% and obviously it’s going to be a glide path. But I would say we're very, very pleased with the traction that we made in Q1 you saw margin expansion, we haven't seen margin expansion for many quarters. We are guiding to have margin expansion happen in Q2 and margin expansion for the full year. So we are pretty pleased with the progress that we're making both from a top-line and on efficiency to drive margin expansion.
James Benson: Yes, I mean, we have $1.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet, we're a significant generator of free cash flow. So we have a strong balance sheet and a cash flow to be able to do M&A and you’ve seen us do that. And as Tom said that those are areas we're going to continue to look at. And as far as our cash profile most of our cash is in the U.S. And so we're not in a fit position, where we have to repatriate a bunch of cash that’s sitting offshore. Most of our cash is actually in the U.S. I think we have roughly $200 million of cash offshore. So we're in a good position to continue to execute against the priorities of the business and M&A is certainly an area that we're going to be active in looking. And as we've seen and we have told you in the past we are active shoppers but disciplined buyers. We did two acquisitions in 2017 both product adjacency areas or one very much a product adjacency area and one kind of somewhat in our sweet spot with recursive DNS, but improving our security capability. So, you should expect that we're going to be continue to be active there.
James Benson: Yes, we continue to have strong growth in call the core security business kind of excluding Nominum that we've been growing that in the high 20s and you kind of have a similar growth rate this quarter. Nominum was about $10 million I think of revenue in the quarter, we had a good Nominum quarter. So, Nominum was certainly a contributor. But as Tom has talk about that, we're doing well in security across all of the product categories. So, we're doing well with Kona Site Defender, we're doing well with Prolexic and we're doing particularly well on some of the new product areas Bot Manager being one, Tom talked about it in the last call, talked about it again now that Bot Manager actually is becoming a meaningful contributor for revenue in the security business. So, we're very bullish about the security business that I'd say the growth rates that we’ve seen here, we think we can continue to grow the security business in the high 20s, low 30s for the reminder of the year. So, we're pretty bullish about the opportunities in security both this year and beyond.
James Benson: Yes, I mean, you are always new on customer, I’d say the majority of the customers that we thought to kind of reprice we have already done. We did in the back half of last year and a little bit in Q1. But you got to remember that what drives the Media business is traffic volumes. And so, yes, there is an element of anniversarying kind of agreements, but what you want to drive in the Media business, because the media is about traffic and price. So if you want the customer on the platform and you want the customer to push as much traffic volumes as possible. So do you that through giving them the price point and delivering the best performance and quality. And so, by doing that, we believe we’re in a good position, focusing on these top 250 customers and also focusing on maybe new emerging customers that we think are going to be big traffic pushers. And just making sure that again they have the right price point and they have the right contract structure in place. And we think the combination of those two things are going to allow the Media business to continue to grow. Now as we’ve said in the past the Media business is variable because the nature of traffic is variable. We had a good quarter this quarter, we had a good quarter in Q4 and in Q3. Some of this quarter it was stronger across the board, but some of this quarter as I mentioned, we had a very, very strong gaming quarter, there were some gaming releases in the quarter. We had a very strong quarter as Tom mentioned around video delivery, some of that video delivery growth that was really strong came from these major sporting events that we mentioned. And while they are not by themselves a huge contributor to revenue, they do contribute especially large sporting events like the Olympics the last couple of week time period. So, we are pretty bullish on the Media business, on a long-term if you look at this thing over a multiple kind of years, this has proven to be a consistent revenue contributor and we think that actually the recovery we have seen here and the focus that we have are going to continue to fuel growth in the Media business going forward.
James Benson: Well, I will let Tom comment on the second one. But on the cost savings again kind of similar question to the gentleman that asked a few questions before, we took some action in Q4, we took some further actions in Q1 again the employee actions are largely behind us. The actions are certainly much, much more that though that there is actions we are taking around a bunch of different areas. And I mentioned facilities being one, third-party vendor savings being another. We're going to continue to drive those areas, in additional to areas around driving more costs out of the network, being able to scale better on the network. And I would say relative to some of the announcements that we made in March with the settlement with Elliott that effectively what we talked about was that we were going to form a finance community for the company for the Board that was going to oversee the work we're trying to drive to find a path or see if we could find a path to drive operating margin to 30% in 2020. One of those things was to identify see if we can get a third-party consultant to help us. We have already made a selection on the consultant they have not yet begun they're going to begin this month. And so the work and the progress that we've made to-date is largely been driven by the actions and initiatives we took, really beginning in Q4 continuing in Q1, I think the work that we're going to do going forward are what are the areas that we can be smart about driving and scaling the business without doing anything that doesn't impact revenue growth. We want to make sure we're making the right investments in the business to fuel growth for the company. We have talked about a lot of areas already in the call, new product innovation areas that are fueling the growth for the company, making revenue much more diversified for the company, revenues much more diversified now by customers, it's much more diversified now by product.  We think that's important for the long-term. And we're going to continue to make those investments, while we're trying to drive initiatives that drive scale for the business and we think we can do both.
James Benson: Yes, I mean, I would say that you can -- most of the growth that we're seeing is from our existing customer base. We've made good progress on the new customer area. Actually from a new customer bookings perspective we actually had a strong quarter in the first quarter that I think we talked to you guys in the past that we've been tuning the go to market model to try to drive better new customer penetration. And I'd say early days just we're making some traction in that area, I think we have more work to do. That’s notable in our Web Division where generating new customers is really important to drive growth not just through expanding with existing customers, but landing new customers. And we announced I think it was maybe just a few weeks ago that we brought on a new leader for our Web Division to run sales Scott Lovett, who has tremendous experience in driving both new customer penetration as well as kind of land and expand models. And so we are happy to have him as part of Akamai driving kind of the Web Division activities. And we are pretty bullish that we will make progress both in new customer penetration and in existing customer kind of penetration of our existing offerings.
James Benson: Hey, good question. You're right, we actually had a great Q1 relative to kind of seasonal pattern, usually see seasonally Q4 to Q1 the Media business softens a bit. And I think all the efforts that we put in place over the last several quarters you're starting to see the benefit of that and you saw that manifest itself Q1. And that was including kind of the internet platform customers coming down. So very, very strong kind of results. Now we talk about a lot of them that I think in general we have made good traction across all of our verticals, we had a particularly strong gaming quarter, I think as we talked about in the past the gaming releases don't happen linearly throughout the year. So we had a good gaming quarter in Q1, continued good quarter around OTT. For sure the sporting events did have some contribution. So is an element a Q1 that more sporting events happened this Q1 and typical, you don't have an Olympics every year that being maybe one example. But as far as the seasonal patterns through the year, I think, you'll probably feel a little bit Q1 to Q2, maybe a little bit less seasonal that usually I think media grows sequentially Q1, Q2 pretty significantly, but because of the strong Q1 you won't see as much of that. The summer will be typical, you will see patterns in the summer where Media from Q2 to Q3 will kind of go down in volume just because there is less consumption of content in the summer months. And then you'll see in Q4 a big uptick from Q3 to Q4 relative to the holiday season, the holiday season doesn't affect just commerce, but it also affects our Media business as well. So call it maybe a little bit less seasonal Q1 to Q2, typical seasonality Q2 to Q3 with it coming down and then a big Q4.
James Benson: No, no, it isn't. And actually the World Cup straddles Heather over two quarters. And so. it’s actually the funny part of it is it all depends upon the team to be very frank as far as viewing and who is winning. And so to some extent it depends upon that, but it is -- it doesn't drive the same level of traffic volumes, it does as part of the international markets in particular they tend to be bigger consumers of the World Cup in the U.S. market. And so you'll see that a bit, but it is -- it doesn't have the same impact to say in Olympics.
James Benson: Well, we're always renewing customers and we did renew our largest customer in the first quarter and they've been contracted now another two years. And so the good news is that our largest customer is now secure on the Akamai platform for the next two years. And I think the other piece of it is revenue came in pretty much in line with what we expected, we expected Q4 to Q1 to come down. And as I said we expect this customer base to be in the low to mid-40s for the remainder of the year.
James Benson: So you're talking about -- they are not expense savings. I mean, as you can imagine every quarter is a bit unique, that some quarter you have more events when I say events internal events. It could be an Edge Conference or customer conference or a customer conference. So spending is initially linear. But I think what you can expect is that we're going to drive or try to drive operating margin expansion between now and the end of the year. So I think maybe by the end of the year Q4, we'll probably be at our peak operating margins for the year. Some of that is due to the fact that Q4 has an uptick in revenue from Q3 to Q4. And then I think again, I'll outline more of this in late June when we have our Analyst Day that getting back to 30% margins or striving to get back to 30% margins by 2020 is going to happen overtime. And it's not just linear like every quarter progresses up. You might have -- it might pop a point a quarter and then it flat lines or it may be goes down. But I think you're going to see the general trajectory of operating margins expand from 2017 to 2018 from 2018 to 2019 and then 2019 to 2020. And we're going to work like how to try to find a path to find 30% margin by 2020.
James Benson: Yes, well our security attach rates now for the company across all customers is around a little bit less than 40%. And so there are a long way to go now that wasn't that long ago I would tell you that number was 20% to 25%. So, we're continuing to make steady progress in security attach rate.  It's also important to note that when we talk about attach rate, that's attaching at least one security product. And as we talked about on this call, our security products are growing a number. And so, it's not just about attaching one security product, now it's even for customers of the 40% that are buying security is not -- there is only a smaller percentage of them that are buying multiple security products. And so, the good news is we can sell more security products to our customers that already buy securities and there are a lot of customers that we don't -- that are already in the install base that haven’t bought a security product. Not to mention, the ability to sell security outside of the installed base of our customers. And so we can continue to drive both expand rates within our existing customers and new customer attach rates. So, I think it'll continue to be our largest growing and fastest growing product category for the company. It'll probably grow in call the high 20s, low 30s this year I think it will continue to be again a 20s grower for the company for the near future.
James Benson: As I mentioned, it is in the straight line as far as every quarter that it just is going tick up. I think the third quarter in particular will potentially be a more difficult quarter for the company. It is a quarter that the company's does a seasonal kind of salary increase for its employee. And so you'll see a natural lift and standing from Q2 to Q3, let me go through that. And so, I think that 39% EBITDA, 25% operating margins, felt about right for us. I would say if we've tracking more to 26%, which is the high of our range in Q2, might you be able to round for the full year to 26% maybe. I'd say that I don't -- I think we're more comfortable guidance to 39% EBITDA or 25% operating margin. We don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves here that it is -- like I say it isn’t quite it grows a point every quarter just doesn’t quite work that way.  But I think we're confident that by the end of the year, you'll be exiting at the highest operating margin level for the company. And you’ll have that going into 2019 and then we have work to do in 2019 as well.
Thomson Leighton: Well, as we talked about before, live events when you have a lot of them can be helpful in boosting overall revenue, but the majority of OTT traffic and revenue is on demand and linear as a component there as well. So, live events are exciting, you see a lot of new technology there, you see the new traffic records take place there. They’re very important to a lot of the big media companies, they generally trying Akamai there because of the scale and the quality in our help getting a really good event to take place. But the lion share of the revenue is the day-to-day, the video on demand. And that’s an area we put a lot of effort into as well.
Thomson Leighton: Well, as we talked about it's early days for our Enterprise Security products, their Enterprise Application Access and Enterprise Threat Protector. We think there is a very bright future for enterprise security offerings and for success it will be well beyond $100 million in revenue. We now are up to 100 customers, so very early days there. Very pleased to see the traction that our roadmap and viewpoint is having with customers around the notions of zero plus and future of enterprise networking and security. But still early days there, but optimistic in terms of the future. 
Thomson Leighton: Let me just add. Nominum is important to us for beyond just the direct revenue and of course the carrier relationships. Because of Nominum, we now see an enormous number of the DNS transactions. And we're in a unique position to identify the botnets and malicious activities close to real-time. And that's really useful for making our other security products where we're selling directly to enterprises be a lot stronger in terms of identifying malicious activities in particular Enterprise Threat Protector, which we can now leverage the data and the knowledge about the bad entities in Enterprise Threat Protector. So there is indirect benefits as well as it really as you go forward I think in cyber security the access to the data being able to process at a near real time we have the latest in AI and machine learning capabilities gives us a great leg up on potential competition.
Thomson Leighton: I mean, we are not going to -- we don’t break those amounts separately that’s SOASTA get sold across both of our divisions, I don’t recall the exact amount for SOASTA. But I would say that across all of the new product areas SOASTA being one of them. As Tom mentioned, the new product area that we’ve launched within the last kind of 12 to 15 months now are well over $100 million annualize run rate. So we’re very pleased with the innovation that you’ve see in the company, some of it come through M&A, but a lot of it is come through just organic innovation that we’ve driven that is now becoming a meaningful contributor to the Akamai revenue stream.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, we’ve done that for a long time, really long time. Now as we -- and we continue to work in that area particularly as we support non-HTTP protocols, as we support containers at the edge for IoT, kinds of services. But that’s not a new thing. I think some of the applications coming in IoT are pretty exciting that we’ll probably talk more about that at the Investor Day. 
Thomson Leighton: To your second question, we're just in the beginning with OTT and online gaming. We talk about some of these events that have still single-digit million concurrent viewers, tens of terabits a second of traffic, teens really. And those numbers can grow by one to two orders of magnitude so huge potential future growth there. So it's not the kind of thing that I think about OTT and gaming I am saying okay, that’s done. We're just at the very beginning there and there's a lot of innovation that still we are working on to be able to deliver at enormous scales and make that be affordable, make it be really high quality and secure. In terms of things that are totally different and in the future, I think IoT is a very exciting area as billions of smart devices get connected probably not communicating using ATTP, but need to communicate you need real time command and control, data aggregation alerting these are things that Akamai is really good at. Having compute at the edge close to the device again something that Akamai is really good at. And we are probably be talking more about that at our Investor Day in June. But that's an area that I think we have a great future in, but really, really early days and an area that we're investing in.
Thomson Leighton: Sure. In the multiplayer game today with our gaming business the revenue is primarily derived from handling the software downloads and updates to the devices that's the large majority of the revenue. I think as you look to the future actually handling the metadata around the games is a very interesting challenge especially as this gets done more in the cloud and maybe less on individual devices, that’s an area that we're certainly exploring. Whether we've actually be delivering the video for a game where it’s not being generated locally. I don't know we certainly have that capability that would come down to the economics. But all of the controller infrastructure associated and again this has to do with the Internet of Things as a whole. Gaming is one example of that that's an area where we've got I think a lot of value to add.  In terms of the security products, I would say for defending websites and applications against denial of service attacks and application layer attacks we're really doing a great job there, pretty unique in being able to offer the end-to-end solution that really works. Now of course, the bad guys are always upping their game and that's I think why our Bot Management Solution is being so successful today. Because it really can stop the account takers. And that has enormous value to a lot of our customers.  So there is a lot of work to keep up and doing that and staying ahead of the attackers. Now a whole new area where we're just entering is in the Enterprise Security. And that's blocking malware, protecting the enterprise, employees and data, it's enabling Enterprise Security in a world of zero trust, you just can't rely on your firewall anymore and you can't trust the entities inside the corporate network. That is a transformation of enterprise networking and security that is just starting. And I think that is an enormous future market, you just see all the damage being caused today by the data breaches. Clearly, there is no end-to-end solution there today that really you can rely on or you wouldn't be having all these data breaches. And that's an area, that we think overtime, we can have a comprehensive solution. Today, we're just in the first products to help combat that, it's an area we're making investments towards being able to really support an enterprise as they move beyond the traditional notion of a firewall and to protect them in a world of zero trust. And that has very large, I think a very large potential in market. 
Thomson Leighton: Yes, no our traffic growth has accelerated substantially and is at a very strong cliff now and well ahead of other reports you can see about traffic growth. And especially in OTT, which is where we're putting a lot of effort. So I think we're very pleased to see our traffic growth rates.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. So ,we have today Enterprise Application Access and Enterprise Threat Protector, the next version of Enterprise Threat Protector will incorporate Secure Web Gateway functionality and strengthening that. And I think the foundation of the zero trust model to Protect Enterprise is that starts with Enterprise Application Access where the access to the internal application by the employee or the consultant would come through Akamai. And then we layer on top of that products like Kona Site Defender and Bot Manager for that matter. So that we apply the same level of defenses to your internal apps from your internal employees as you would for an external app that clearly is a subject to attack by any entity. And that's based on the belief that today the bad guys can get around pretty much any of the traditional enterprise defenses. Now in terms of go-to-market it's one of the reasons we're so excited to have Scot Lovett, join us to run our global web sales is that he has got a lot of experience in selling a wide variety of security products both from McAfee and from Cisco. And he's engaging very quickly there and I'm excited about his ability to help us in terms of helping establish that industry. It's very early days in the next generation of Enterprise Security, and I think he'll be a great leader in going into market there.
Thomson Leighton: Well, obviously the more people that are subscribing and watching video online are the greater potential market for Akamai. And we have a large share of that market. So, our business as we’ve talk about is rapidly growing in terms of overall traffic and now growing in terms of revenue. But the more video subscriptions there are, the better that is generally speaking for Akamai.
Thomson Leighton: I think pretty near-term as people subscribe and start watching traffic would flow across our platform and for carrying it and often we are. And then we'd be billing for that traffic as it flow. So, I would say it's very close correlation in terms of people watching and ultimate revenue to Akamai.
Thomson Leighton: It's a good question, I mean just to remind folks, that obviously of our CapEx that our CapEx is in three areas, there is network CapEx, which I think is what you are talking about. Then there is capitalized software and there is other CapEx for say facilities in IT. We spent about 17% of revenue, 16% to 17% of revenue on CapEx. Call it 6% of that is network CapEx, roughly 7% is capitalize software and the reminder facilities in IT. But on the network CapEx front, as I mentioned in my kind of prepared remarks that we did kind of spend a little bit more than we had guided in Q1 and that was very purposeful. And it was purposeful because you saw we had a great media quarter. And what we did was we began more CapEx purchases in the quarter. I guided to Q2 that you'll see that that step up in CapEx in Q2. And you can expect that we’ll continue to build out for the reminder of the year. We'll stay within the call the 16% or 17% of revenue number. So, for the full year our CapEx will be about 16% or 17%.  And the way we think about network CapEx, we've reasonable visibility given the efforts that we've done and on the top 250 customers, call it within a range. And what we try to do is we're going to try to build out the network support the higher end of a range that you expect to have from those customers, so that you can make sure you have to pass through the available for them.  And that's the way we've done it, and that's the way we'll continue to do it, which means we should probably be within -- and those ranges are roughly where we've been historically call it somewhere between 15% and 17% of revenue, and that's probably we’ll be this year.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, I think the intermediate term we are going to stay probably in the 15% to 17% range. That's about what I except that it actually may have given all the innovation we're doing actually might even see a bit of an uptick in capitalized software. You might see it balancing it a little bit in network. And one thing is probably important to note and I will talk about this more at the Investor Summit, but we're building out or will be building out a new corporate headquarters here in Cambridge. And so you'll see some onetime CapEx here later in 2018 and much more notably in 2019 as a result of building out the headquarters. But I’d say in general 15% to 17% of revenues is what you'd expect for CapEx.
