Paul Sagan: No changes that we've noticed in the areas you've talked about right now. We've embraced being in a competitive market for over a decade. And we know that in growth markets, especially in technology, they're really, really competitive. And I think what we've done is position Akamai as the innovator. We use our massively distributed network, our unique asset, and differentiate a technology in 10 years of development to have, we think, the most complete portfolio. And over and over again over the years, we've seen people try to take a single centralized network and extend it to reach users everywhere anytime with great performance. And we just don't believe that, that works. So in growth markets, there tends to be a lot of noise. Our markets have grown pretty dramatically over the decade as you know, now approaching $1 billion in revenue for Akamai this year. And so there's a lot of attention, a lot of people who have tried to come up with competitive offers. But in general, this less attributed network architecture is just base performance problems that they can't overcome regardless of the technology that they deploy, let alone, we don't believe they have the same kind of technology for, say, dynamic routing that Akamai can bring to the equation. So we think our Dynamic Site Acceleration capabilities are differentiated. We welcome the competition but we think that those solutions don't stand alone in the marketplace.
Paul Sagan: I think what we're seeing is that it's more and more at stake and more, and more bad guys trying to take a piece of it and our customers are having to pay more and more attention to security online, because they just have more to protect. So you may recall, we started with DoS mitigation services for Denial of Service attacks which doesn't apply just to commerce sites but often to high-profile sizable of all kinds. We continue to offer those services and we added Web Application Firewall, which you can think of as effectively filtering traffic before we send it back to our customers' origin to run against their database and their applications there. They can apply their own rules to filter the traffic which is different than just filtering out a DoS threat as a series of actually legitimate request, and then we've taken that step further with Edge Tokenization. Now that service was just introduced. I'm sure you would assume we haven't installed that to a lot of people yet. We've been testing it, and now have really strong interest. And that probably applies to all of our commerce customers who are dealing with credit cards today, because the challenge is, they take the credit card number and they really don't want it. But if they don't have something that they can take to the bank to get paid, they can't get their money for having shipped the product. The way Edge Tokenization works is, since we interact at the Edge with their customer online, we can immediately and securely turn the credit card number into a random digit, which can be used by that merchant wants to go get paid. But if anyone ever stole that number, it's completely useless because it's not actually a person's credit card number. So you can think about that in terms of lowering the complex security, lowering the cost of PCI compliance and if we can help our customers lower their security costs as they get more secure, that means they can be more efficient with their customers. So I think this whole range of security and probably, more things that we can offer over the coming years from the cloud applied to a wide range of enterprises. But right now, they're dead thinner on what our commerce customers need today, I think will increasingly need over the next few years. And it's one of the things that are distributed deployed network is so good at because the shortest path there that reconnects to the end-user, that credit card number effectively can be destroyed then and there, it doesn't have to fit somewhere being vulnerable.
Paul Sagan: Sure. It has been a very good vertical for us not just for stable and growing business with great long-term clients but also frankly, where we've developed some of our newest service because there's some pretty critical needs there and pretty creative customers. By and large, it is domestic U.S. and by and large of that, it is Federal national business, both if public facings G2C agencies or the military, we just talk about all the branches of the military, for example, use our services. So I'd say, weighted U.S. and weighted Federal. Certainly, I think there's a lot of need for performance enhancement at the state-level. The state has just been reeling so much in the last few years. I think they're stuck in keeping inefficient processes rather than being able to invest in some of the new automation and Web services they might be better off using long term.
Paul Sagan: Well, Mike, you probably always heard us talking about our main competitor is first, do-it-yourself. Our customers are big sophisticated businesses and Internet is a portion of their IT, so they always have capacity to run a website. And we certainly don't tell people that you can't run a website without our help. So the hurdle is what high-value and where do we demonstrate value, and then we have to compete with do-it-yourself, with managed service providers and with point competitors who try to be, say, just in the CDN in the niche or a vertical. So that's a constant for us and we don't provide the basic services. We don't do ISP services, we don't do hosting. So some of that base capacity which frankly is low margin to no-margin business isn't where we focus. And I think there's always that middle ground where we might be able to help somebody in the context to have a bigger relationship. We might take on a little more than we might normally going after a greenfield opportunity. But that's a pretty constant evaluation we do, and our goal is to have premium high-performance, always available, highly secure services with the best companies online, with the best business models see the value in and want to invest in using.
Paul Sagan: So I think, and we're not going to be specific because frankly, our crystal ball isn't that precise at this point. We see opportunity in all of them and pretty balanced and what's a little hard to predict is the rate and pace. And you've heard us talk about on video, if 1% of video in the home is where we are today, there's a lot more opportunities for growth and we think the growth rate is accelerating the same with the growth in the online advertising space. We're just being an explosion of interest among commerce customers here and across-the-board. And the guys lower on the list are getting bigger. So someone who is maybe Internet retailer are 300 to 400 with two small five years ago is a great target today. So really, across-the-board, we see opportunity and we've been growing it greater than that rate this year. So we think it's a conservative lower-end only because we got passed the worst of 2008, 2009 and our performance is significantly better than that now. So we don't see any reason we shouldn't be able to have a strong year next year. That's not to predict that it will be exactly as good or better than this year. It's too early to know. But that 15% range, which is where the Street seem to be, seem to us just to be a pretty conservative number based on what we've seen so far. And we don't think any of the verticals should fall out of bed and they all have potential for us.
Paul Sagan: I think it's across-the-board, enterprise, SaaS, commerce. Clearly, strong commerce interest and some strong new deals through the summer. But also just enterprise across-the-board, interest in the new security services, interest on in mobile as well, and just real strength in the portfolio of Dynamic Accelerator Services offers from Akamai.
Paul Sagan: It's network build out, which still includes storage, particularly driven by what we see in the media vertical and then delivery capacity, servers in the network, both standing capability and existing regions and continuing to build out more capacity in markets that might have been smaller outside the U.S. previously and are continuing to grow, too.
Paul Sagan: Well, the pricing in the public sector, very consistent. They're great customers. Obviously, we have to describe to the rules of selling to the Federal government around the pricing standards and contract standards now that all vendors have to pay. But we believe what we offer there is very differentiated, particularly with the security aspects we offer, and that is a big concern in the public sector space. So great market for us, and we'll look for ways to continue our growth there. And I really don't have much more color than we have on the last question from Jennifer around expectations for 2011. And I think we've really said about what the ought to say and notice on growth trends for the next 15 months.
Paul Sagan: Well, I think there's always a potential for that. There's just more users of the Internet and more business on a global basis. But we've also talked many times about the development and acceptance of outsourced Internet services. It lags internationally. And frankly, we've had such great growth domestically that international has to run even harder. And believe me, I tell the teams that and they say, "Oh great, if you have guys that just slow down, we'd look better." And I said, "It doesn't work that way, unfortunately." So I think there's even more opportunity internationally, and I think we're well positioned in most of the promising markets to go after either directly or through some great partners. And I would expect long term, international will contribute a bigger percentage to the business as well channels. And as long as we keep finding as much opportunity in our first market in North America, we may see this pretty stable balance growth.
Paul Sagan: Well, I don't wanted to track all from David's global experience and I'm thrilled to have him here as an executive. But I just should remind anyone who doesn't know, he's a Boston-based guy. He was then with and CEO of Digitas headquartered in Boston, and one of the companies that really revolutionized online marketing and Digitas was sold to Publicis. And so then he was part of a giant global company based in France and he knows how to speak French in addition to English. He is a great executive across-the-board as a strategic thinker and operator and understand, really, all aspects of how companies have leveraged online to grow their business. So you certainly going to bring what's top of mind in his expertise from the advertising and marketing world. He's certainly going to bring his expertise about growing global markets. I think in his last role at VivaKi [ph] and responsibility to businesses in over 100 countries. And so I think really, part of the response to your question and Derek's previously, he, too, asks what's helping us figure out how to grow even more internationally. But he is a balanced executive with responsibility for operations across-the-board. He truly understands how the cloud is going to revolutionize businesses not just media, not just international business.
Paul Sagan: Well, first, I think that there is -- particularly in Europe, there is a macro pressure. The economies there were hit pretty hard and demonstrated less growth than some of the Asian markets. So I think there is just a macro piece. And then it's not as much new product development in some ways, it's customization and localization that takes along. Some of that is the basic walking and tackling of translation and training people to sell the same thing in different language, and some of it is just allowing people to customize the functionality on the network to do something that may apply more in the specific and often smaller than U.S. market, overseas.
Paul Sagan: So I think I'd say, first, a lot of that is around capacity for the volume business but also, expansion of our services and performance services worldwide and getting closer to end-users. But I think one other thing to really think about, and I would just underscore the point that J.D. made before which is, we gave you a long-term model, and if you look at the last couple of years at the last five years, we're really right inside that model. And sometimes our spending has been lumpy and sometimes it's been low, and now it's been a little higher. But I think overall, it's very consistent and we still believe that you can use those long-term models as a long-term guide on the business.
Paul Sagan: Yes, I think the security products and things in the area protecting data and protecting websites in using the capability in the cloud to stop attacks before they get anywhere close to your data is another big opportunity for us. I think the other thing that does new solutions bring is, it really bolster DSA and APS. They enable customers who, without those securities solutions or without the mobile solutions couldn't extend their applications out into the cloud. And so I think in addition to driving revenue on their own, those products help us broaden our solutions set and grow the sort of core products as well.
Paul Sagan: So on the first one, frankly, I don't think I want to say more about our future roadmap. I think we've got great opportunity in the services we have there. I think we've talked about in enhancing the efficiency of advertising and improving security or some fairly broad interesting new categories across on the value-added side. And beyond that, I think we do a lot of product development in collaboration with our customers. But beyond that, I'd like to wait and surprise the market with it as we quote [ph]. And we talked about mobile, too, and that's another one where we now have offers and I think we can build on top.
Paul Sagan: Well, I think what we're seeing first is real interest in how they optimize their performance to mobile users. And I think what people don't understand often is, how much the Internet itself makes performance a problem. People say, there's just not a lot of bandwidth in that wireless last mile, if you will, so that's the best it gets. And actually, it gets worse because the Internet, because the way the protocols work and the way mobile and sites work, any retransmit problem, any packet loss in the wireless network, then it's susceptible to the Internet latency on top of it. So we're working on driving off like deeper into partnerships with wireless network, so that we can help make sure we take any of the latency of the Internet out of the equation, so that all you have to do is optimize, if you will, the mobile lap mile. And then with our customers, we're working on things like capability we got through Velocitude to do content transformation. So they don't have to think about rebuilding their website for 500 different devices. They can think about having a website and functionality. And then in our network, repurpose that content, reform that content, so it displays correctly on each of so many different kinds of devices. So we're going to push there. You can then think about commerce online, security online in a range of taking our core capability and extending them to the mobile capabilities that we have. In terms of Velocitude, specifically, that's basically been integrated as you know, it was primarily technology buy because it was a very young company. We have had lots of activity with our customers, we have had some early upsells and signing of new customers. A number of our commerce customers want to adapt really quickly, so we'd be ready for the Q4 selling season, and some of those are already up. And we look forward over the next few years to really growing that part of the business as well. And I think that about covers it. We thank you all for tuning in, and we'll see you in about another 13 weeks after we wrap up the year.
J. Sherman: Yes, I think we're pretty comfortable that over sort of a sustained period of time, we'll be below that level and into our model range. It's tough to say exactly how rapidly we decline into that range. As long as traffic keeps accelerating, we're happy to keep investing to capture that traffic and support our customers. Now if you look over the last couple of years and the revenue to CapEx equation, we're right in the range. If you look over the last five years, you look over the history of the company. So I think going forward, you'll see it in that range how quickly, Sterling, it declines into that range, it's hard to stay.
J. Sherman: So it was also down sequentially last Q3, so there's a little bit of seasonality there. A lot of that business -- still a majority of that business today is software download. A lot of it. So the antivirus guys that you upload -- or you download the new antivirus software when you log onto your laptops and that seasonal usage where we see that there. Certainly, the growing use of Software-as-a-Service in that vertical is a tailwind. And the share of Software-as-a-Service customers at that vertical is growing. And I think that's what's driving the year-over-year growth. And in fact, if you look at that vertical from Q2 to Q3, the year-over-year growth actually did accelerate.
J. Sherman: Yes. I mean, if you look at the M&E vertical, in last Q3, that vertical was shrinking. I think it was shrinking 7% or 8%. And now it's growing 26%. That vertical, as we've talked about, has lower gross profit margin because it's just so heavily volume-oriented. On top of that, we're seeing the growth with our very largest customers, which is great news. They are our strategic customers, but we also have the most aggressive prices there. So a combination of those factors has put the downward pressure a little bit on our margins. But margins are still -- we've been in the 81% to 82% range for quite sometime. I think there's a natural balance going on with our value-added solutions and the volume-driven solutions.
J. Sherman: Yes. I think the margins will be roughly stable. The one just sort of drag on a quarter-over-quarter basis in our Q4 is the Advertising Decision Solutions business, which has a lower margin on average than our overall business in the 50% range. So we do expect to get sequential growth out of our Advertising business, and that impacts the mix a little bit. Of course, if you go the other way with scale which to the extent we have a lot of growth in the quarter that will help offset that. As far as going forward, we haven't given any specific guidance going forward, certainly not the next year. Our long-term model does assume that the Media business continues to grow, and therefore, we see our cash gross margins tick down a little bit. But as we've talked about the nice thing about that is that business scales differently. And we think we can maintain our EBITDA margin in the 45% to 47% over long period of time, and that's our long-term model.
J. Sherman: Well, I think we got a question on the pricing environment as a value-added solution, and the answer was not very different. I would say that the same answer on the volume-driven side, it's very similar pricing environment to what we've seen for a while now.
J. Sherman: I'm not sure exactly what you projected, but one of the things about foreign exchange is it obviously drives the benefit sequentially to our revenue, but it also causes us an impact in the operating expenses and the revaluation of some of the balance sheet items. So we've got $2 million benefit on revenue but almost over $1 million impact on the revaluations of the balance sheet items. So that's what's driven that.
J. Sherman: I would also add on that one, Mike, that we've seen a lot of the growth of that kind of content that you referenced becoming more and more important over time as businesses get more and more profitable online. I think the trend we're seeing in the media space is some of those business models start to take hold.
J. Sherman: Well, certainly, my guess is it's going to continue to grow, even in this year where our Media business which is largely volume driven has accelerated to be in our fastest growing vertical outside of public sector. We've seen it go from 50% to 55%. So I think there is really strong momentum there, number one. Number two, that's where you're seeing us make some of our strategic investments and strategic acquisitions. So I won't pick a number but I do think we'll see a positive trend. And I said in the fourth quarter, I wouldn't be surprised. Earlier in the year, I said, in this fourth quarter, I wouldn't be surprised. If we're close to 60%. We'll see about that given the strength of the volume business but we're certainly heading in that direction.
J. Sherman: I would just add, if you look at our business by value-added solutions versus the volume-driven solution, this year and even last year, our value-added solutions have been growing at a pretty close to a 30% clip. That part of our business was 30% grower. What's really changed for us in 2010 versus 2009 is that the volume-driven solutions that return to growth after being flat to actually slightly down in the prior year. So as I think forward in 2011, I'm very confident that we'll see continued growth in the value-added solutions. We're very focused on that with our investments. The more of a wild card where you need a crystal ball is what happens around the volumes stuff.
J. Sherman: The last time I looked about 60% of that vertical was driven by volume-driven stuff, and 40% was driven on the value-added side. So it's not purely straight software downloading SaaS. A lot of our big software download customers are DSA customers and APS customers. But I think the key driver on the sort of 40% value will be SaaS.
J. Sherman: Yes. I think we're probably a long way hopefully from the harvesting mode when we're talking about getting into the enterprise and cloud computing. I think in terms of characterizing those investments, it really comes in two flavors: one is innovation and then the second is supporting enterprise-class customers. Because obviously, as these guys move more and more mission-critical applications over the Internet and count on Akamai, they expect a higher level of service. The good news is they were also willing to pay for that higher level of service, and so I think that works out to be a really great investment. So where you're seeing the investments from us on the go-to-market side, both in sales, industry-driven sales and on the support side and also, the investments we're making in engineering, almost all of our incremental spend in the engineering organization as well as the acquisitions we've made is focused in that space.
J. Sherman: It was not a one-time revenue thing, Katherine. That's revenue that we'll recognize over several periods going forward. But the receivable was all collected.
J. Sherman: The other thing I would just add to that is, if we're ever going to err on our CapEx, we're going to err on the side of buying it too soon rather than too late. So worst-case here is the traffic and the growth doesn't materialized quite as fast as we thought, we're pretty confident we can manage that and manage within the range.
J. Sherman: Sure, Richard, the single largest product is Dynamic Site Accelerator, which applies most directly to the commerce customers, which is a vertical that is one of our strongest and most mature vertical. We're also seeing Application Performance Solutions start to grow prior the fastest growing of our value-added solutions as we get more and more into the enterprise and as these enterprises start to move more and more applications into the cloud. So that's our fastest growing. Between the two of those, it's probably covers 2/3 of the revenue. And of course, we also have our Advertising Decision Solutions as well as some of the custom solutions that we do for the public sector, as well as some of our largest customers.
J. Sherman: On churn, Kerry, a couple of quarters ago, I guess, sort of return to the normal levels we've seen for a long time, and it's been pretty stable at that level.
