Ed McGowan: Hey, Sterling, this is Ed. So I think there's a couple of things you need to think about there. So obviously 2020 was an unusually high traffic year for us. And the point I was trying to make there is that we're not seeing that decline but what we're expecting going into this year is what I'd call, more and more normal traffic year. So you start to get into some tougher compares as you get into Q2 and throughout the rest of the year. And you still have the normal dynamics in the Media business, most of the traffic is coming from media obviously, so there'll be a series of renewals and that's sort of thing which is pretty normal. And then the second thing that we called out is that we are starting to see a bit more pressure in travel and hospitality and retail. The first wave was customers coming to us asking us for extended payment terms, some credits, or some help within a quarter. Now, we're getting into a renewal cycle so we're expecting to see some pressure from that area. And keep in mind that's about 20% of our total business, about 40% of our Web Division, our prior Web Division business, so that's going to going to have a little bit of an impact on us as well.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure, Keith, this is Ed, I'll take the first part. So, yes, we had about a 2% reduction in heads and most of that was due to overlap primarily in the go-to-market area. Obviously, we had two leaders in different regions and things like that. In terms of investments, we added over 500 heads this year, investing in security R&D as a percentage has gone. So I think we've done a really good job of cutting costs and scaling. But it would be invested back into the business. So this is really wasn't about the cost savings initiatives, it was more about better efficiency in tuck-in alignment. So we're keeping margins in that 30% and investing a bit in the business moving forward as well. And as we've said in the past, we think 30% is a pretty good place to be running the business.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So I would say in terms of pricing, there is -- in the media side I'm not seeing anything unusual. There's one or two accounts where we've had some competitors get a little bit more aggressive than normal but -- and just as far as '21 goes from a medias perspective, not a ton of renewals, nothing worth calling out that's outside the norm. In the past, I've mentioned when we've had items that I thought was worth calling out, I don't see anything here. Our average contract lengths are between one and two years, so you'll always have a mix, I would say. For the ones that occurred in Q4 in the back half of the year came in where we expected. So no real surprises there.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So right now, about a third of the business in total goes through the channel. In terms of breaking it down a little bit further, if you think about the six -- for example, Asavie, 100% of that goes through the channel. We believe the enterprise business, more and more of that's going to go through the channel. As far as the split goes between security and content delivery, there'd be a bit more on the content delivery side because we've been in the business a lot longer, it's a bigger percentage of our revenue. But the way to think about it is as we move forward, especially in enterprise, channels will be a much bigger part of our go-to-market strategy.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So the -- yes, the EBITDA margin was 44%. I think just in general, we've done a good job of scaling our back office and getting leverage out of most of our G&A functions plus we're doing all the stuff we do on the server-side making our servers more efficient, etc. So I just called that out because Q1, we typically have vesting of stock, bonus payouts, etc., so we do tend to see a bit uptick in our operating expenses. But also it's -- you had a very high quarter in Q4 from a commissions perspective. So that sort of normalizes out. So the two kind of offset each other but as you kind of think about your model in Q1, it tends to be a bit high on the OpEx side. As you go forward, then obviously Q4, if we're having a good year, it tends to be a high quarter as well as we head into accelerators from the commission side.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So on the traffic side, I would say last year was probably about double what we normally see from a traffic-growth perspective. And then as far as other volumes, obviously, those -- our bookings were pretty much in line with what we expected. And outside of the traffic, there was really nothing that was unusual or worth calling out.
Ed McGowan: So it depends on the contract. A lot of big media companies do have tiered pricing, so that would have kicked in but again, nothing unusual other than the fact that just traffic was just much higher than we had expected.
Ed McGowan: Yes, So I'll take the second part first. It is a bit of the law of large numbers I guess, we're getting much bigger. We do have a lot of newer products that are ramping fast but it just takes a while on a recurring revenue business. I think if you go back and look in the past, we've talked about last year getting to $1 billion, we exceeded that the year before that, mid-20s, we did high-20s. So there is always a possibility to overachieve but I think that's a reasonable guide. The other question was on the intentions of what we are going to talk about at the Analyst Day. As far as 2021 guidance, so it's only a two-week, so I'm not going to see anything different that I haven't seen yet. So I don't anticipate updating guidance from what we just talked about now. But what we will do is get into a lot more detail, you'll hear from all the leaders talking about what's the different groups and what they're going to be working on some of the growth dynamics, we'll be exposing a lot more about what's going on within the security buckets. We'll be showing you different growth rates and different products, so I think there's a lot of good information that will come out. But in terms of updating guidance, there won't be any [indiscernible], just given that it's two weeks from today.
Ed McGowan: No, we're not going to give a new bogey for new operating margin. What I will do is talk about the dynamics of the different businesses and how over time, you can see margins expand if we get to the -- a greater percentage of our business comes from security.
Ed McGowan: Yes, you're right, it was a very strong quarter for gaming. And for us again, just as a reminder we work with the publishers, as well as the major platform. So the upside coming from a variety of different customers. It's, -- we're seeing more interest in gaming the console releases drove a lot of upside in the quarter. It's always hard to predict what games are going to be popular and there is a bit of seasonality in gaming depending on a quarter that has many releases versus one that may not have as many. But it's a very fast-growing vertical for us and we expect that with these new consoles, there should be some new demand throughout the year.
Ed McGowan: Yes, good question. So, as you know, we introduced this probably about 20 months ago is that the number of our customer conference back in and I think it was June of '19, and we have gotten a lot of traction mostly in retail, that's where we're seeing most of the requests for that type of structure. We're right now -- we've got over half of our customers in the commerce vertical are adopting that structure and it makes a lot of sense. It's actually a good strategy when you're faced with a customer base to discuss the macroeconomic challenges when you're looking at ways of getting -- saving money or getting more predictable spend. So it's been well received by the customer base, I would imagine that will continue to tick up. It's not for everyone and like I said, we've seen the primary adopter of that is in the retail space.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So as far as Inverse goes, there's really no revenue, that was a very small company. It was more of a tech tuck-in some of the others that we've done in the past. So there is no real contribution from that directly. As we integrated and it will help accelerate some of our other products. Asavie, probably about $30 million incremental, if you look kind of year-over-year, we had about $8 million this quarter. So somewhere in that range, so call it a little less than a point. And then as far as the Internet platform customers, I'm not going to tip my cap for the team that's been working on those, they have done a fantastic job not only maintaining that business but growing it. I haven't provided specific guidance, but I'd expect kind of a similar year where you're kind of maintain where you're kind of, maintaining where you are at, maybe a little upside. Q4 was particularly strong, so maybe it's in that $50 million range, plus or minus a few million bucks depending on what's going on in a particular quarter.
Ed McGowan: Yes, I think you pretty much nailed it. I just remember last Q4 was an exceptionally strong quarter from a traffic growth perspective. So you've got a bit of a tougher compare and like I said earlier, starting in Q2, when we saw the big ramp in traffic, you're going to start to see a little bit tougher compare on the media side and then the dynamics that we've talked about really over last couple of quarters on the retail and commerce vertical, make it a bit more of a challenging year from a CDN perspective, but we still think we're in a great position and we've got some really good tailwinds going on. We were just talking a minute ago, OTT video is also growing very strongly. So there's a lot of puts and takes in there, but in general, I think that's kind of the key driver is just a bit of a tougher compare and then that challenge with retail and travel.
Tom Leighton: Well, I think the time has come to bring all of our security teams together. When we created the current structure five years ago, we didn't really have a Security business to speak of a few million dollars, now it's over $1 billion and we had -- the products there were split among three different groups, the web security group which is most of it, enterprise security, which we've talked a lot about, and carrier security, which is very closely tied to enterprise. And enterprise and carrier getting to a real scale now that we can bring them out of incubation and bring all of our security teams together in a division that just focuses on security. And I think that I'll provide even stronger growth going forward. Also, unifying sales makes sense now. Before we had media sales force that we're selling to customers who are buying media products. We had a web sales force selling to verticals that we're buying web products. So splitting made sense then but now all of our customers buy security. In fact, some of the big media customers are our biggest buyers of security products. And so I think it makes sense to bring the field force together and it's more efficient. So I think the end result is that we will operate more efficiently, we will have a stronger innovation, and continue very strong growth in our security product group. And also on the CDN side of the house, as Ed talked about, we've got some tailwinds there, also some challenges in the commerce and travel vertical. But I think very interesting future growth with areas like IoT, 5G and, serverless computing. And bringing those teams together I think, again will enable us to be more efficient moving forward.
Tom Leighton: Yes. In terms of the areas we're investing in more because we are and net headcount went up quite a bit last year and will grow again this year despite the current reduction taking place. We're investing in innovation, new products, particularly in the security area, also in our platform, making it more of a programmable platform for our customers with projects such as EdgeWorkers and making it easier for customers to just deploy their code straight on to Akamai. In terms of what the customer sees, they're going to see the same rep they saw before by and large. When we had split the sales force before, it was by vertical, and so when we bring it together, it doesn't mean that there is account breakage per se or that you're going to have a different rep. Now that said, it will be a more efficient management structure. We will have a deeper focus on channel, so it's especially important for our growing security products, particularly in the enterprise and carrier security products. And it will be easier I think for a rep to sell everything than maybe it was before. Now, I think reps were, for example, in media, as I mentioned, selling security products and they were versed in the whole product set. But I think that becomes even easier now.
Tom Leighton: Yes, and in terms of media customers buying security. Our media customers are the biggest brands out there and they very much need their content stay secure and not have sites deface. They're worried about accounts being taken over, that media accounts, gaming accounts from the account hijackers and that's where our bot management and account protection capabilities are very important. And since these are such large enterprises, they tend to be very large security customers.  When we get together on the 25th, we'll give really a much deeper breakdown into our various security products, how we think about them, their growth rates, and what we are projecting over the next several years in terms of growth. We will also give you updated counts on how many buy how many security products.
Tom Leighton: And one thing is that the attack traffic, the bad guys out there, their volumes were way up across the board. Malicious login attempts, attempts to embed malware, those kinds of things -- DDoS attacks, huge increases really across the board last year. And so that course makes a big difference for Akamai to be able to help our customers because we're unique at being able to stop the largest denial of service attacks and being able to stop the account hijacking attacks.
Tom Leighton: Yes, I'll take those. Page Integrity Manager is off to a great start. We had really very good bookings. Now, of course, we just got launched middle of last year, so it will take time to grow into a $100 million business, but that's very exciting for us. And in terms of bookings for the enterprise business, again, very strong. And as you know, we've been looking forward to getting our enterprise and carrier security products to the point where they are $100 million revenue and we think that we can do that this year, at least get on that run rate so that combined with the enterprise and carrier security now that we have Asavie on-board, and we're going to talk a lot more about that at the upcoming Analyst Day.
Tom Leighton: It's across the board, Enterprise Application Access, really important because of all the malicious login attempts. Enterprise Threat Protector with SolarWinds becomes more important than ever to know what employee devices and enterprise devices are talking to, are they trying to contact command and control outside the enterprise, that's something that we can help catch and stop.  Asavie has done incredibly well, much better than we'd expected post-acquisition. And, for example, things like students that need to gain access for remote learning, to protect them to make sure that their environment is secure, there is a -- been a lot of development, of course, we have carriers there. They sell this product and we're behind the scenes, but a very strong pickup there to secure the enterprise cellular networks. And then you think about IoT, in the future, all those devices have to be secured and probably all going to be connected with 5G. So I think a lot of potential upside there. And our secure business solution that's resolved by major carriers under their brands for small and media business -- medium business, again doing very well. So I would say across the board with the enterprise and carrier products, very strong growth and we might have a good chance of doubling revenue this year and reaching $100 million.
Tom Leighton: Yes, we've been thinking about rework along these lines for really an extended period. It's something the senior management team would discuss at least on an annual basis. And in terms of the trigger, now our security business has reached $1 billion and that's an important milestone. We are also seeing really strong growth for the enterprise and carrier security products, as I mentioned, and they were both in incubation phase and in different parts of the company. We have the enterprise group had the enterprise security products and for the carrier products that was done in the Media and Carrier Division. And of course, most of security revenue was in the Web Division. And increasingly as the smaller product areas grew, you start to have overlap, for example, anybody the buys Asavie, we want to sell them Kona Site Defender, makes perfect sense. Same thing for enterprise security, if you buy EAA, we want Kona. And so I think it really makes sense now, they've reached critical mass to bring them together into one team focused on security. And as I mentioned, with the sales organization is something we have thought about over the last couple of years, certainly more efficient to have a single sales organization and the advantage of having them be split had disappeared really once all our customers are buying really all our products, but certainly security. So again, the time is right to do it and you don't like doing something in the middle of the pandemic, but at the same time, you can't wait. At Akamai, we always had a sense of urgency, we want to get this done because I think it will help our growth going forward. Now in terms of 11%, we are very pleased to see that this year. We definitely got some tailwinds for overall traffic levels and so the Media and Carrier Division did well, we also deployed a ton of capacity for, as Ed mentioned, increased growth this year and next year, just the rate of growth probably less this year and next year, more like normal traffic increases as opposed to twice that, that we experienced this year. I think we got hurt in revenue in our web performance products, as Ed talked about. A big part of their revenue comes from commerce which has gotten -- most commerce companies have really been pounded with COVID. There's a few big names that have done very well, probably picked up business. The amount of commerce going online has increased dramatically but when the parent company is hurting, that creates a more difficult environment to negotiate a contract. And in many cases, as we've talked about, we worked with the customer to give them some relief and on pricing as well, we've gone to zero-overage so they can plan better and that hurt I think, revenue with this past Q4, we don't get a lot of bursting. On the other hand, it preserves that business more for us in long term and we're in this for the long haul. And it means we aren't going to share that business with the many competitors out there, who would like to have just a tiny piece of our commerce business. And so it seems a little paradoxical that on the one hand, it probably hurt us on revenue on the other, as we talked about, we serve 40 of the global 50 leaders in commerce and retail and 23 of 25 in the U.S. and we're working very hard to maintain that business over the long-term and grow it, particularly with our security products.
Tom Leighton: Yes, obviously it illustrates the importance of zero-trust. It's -- it was obviously a devastating attack and it highlights the need for products, for example, like our Enterprise Threat Protector. It's one thing to try to stop the malware from getting inside, that's hard, you look at an example like this, but once it inside, it has to go out and contact command to control. And that's something that you can pick up in detect and block in many cases and then alert the CSO that they got a problem. And that's what our Enterprise Threat Protector product is meant to do and has done in many, many cases. So I think in the long run, it just heightens the need for products that we provide and the need for zero-trust in general. Stepping up a level, with third party malware showing up everywhere, that's the same problem you have with page integrity and why our Page Integrity Manager service is so important. Because today so many websites linked to third parties or use third-party or open-source code, it has malware. And what that means is when a client or one of our users goes to their website or uses their app, the client gets infected and their personal information's exposed. And it's just another example of a third-party malware that's become infected that the enterprise is using. A different particular use case, one is the web side the others internal enterprise apps, same problem and same devastating result and Akamai has solutions to help stop that.
Tom Leighton: Yes, that's a great question, something we've put a lot of time and effort into. This is a kind of thing we would plan for, really for six months. It's important to know we're doing it from a position of strength. I think the last thing you want to do is a reorg when you're in a position of weakness because that's where you can get the disruption in the problems. And as you can see, we're as strong as we've ever been. And so I think that is a good time to do a reorg. As we mentioned before, I don't see a lot of account disruption, not a lot of account breakage. You do worry whenever you change, the go-to-market operation, that you could have some disruption that way. I don't think that's likely here because as we mentioned, a lot of the accounts have the same person they had before that they're dealing with. So I don't think that will be a problem for us. And as you mentioned, we do have experience at doing this and we have great employees and I would say morale in the company is very high. And so I don't anticipate serious disruptions in the business here.
Tom Leighton: Yes, we do have a sales specialist already and that has been maintained with the new organization. So there'll be no change there in terms of the specialist for not only the enterprise security products but the carrier security products, which are very close. Also, Prolexic has sales specialists there, so that won't change.
