Edward McGowan: Store, this is Ed. I'll take that one. So I'll answer it in two ways. First is the -- we record the revenue where the customer is based. So to the extent that there's a U.S. customer that has a launch, that would be considered U.S. revenue. But you bring up a really good point. As these folks start to look internationally, we tend to get a greater share of that traffic as our international deployment is much greater than anyone.  On the international revenue growth, we're seeing very, very strong growth. If you remember a couple of years ago, we made significant investments in our go-to-market capabilities and also our network that we're seeing great traction, especially in Asia Pacific. And we recently closed on our acquisition with Exceda and expect to see some decent growth down there as well as that's sort of an underserved market.
Edward McGowan: Yes, sure. This is Ed. I look at it through two lenses. One, we talked about on the web side, the commerce traffic was much higher than we thought going into the quarter with the Thanksgiving holiday falling as late as it possibly could and fewer shopping days. We were expecting to see a little bit less traffic, we actually saw more. So we're very happy with that.  And then on the media side, we saw a strong OTT traffic. We saw that, as you mentioned, with the Internet platforms, that event-specific revenue certainly helped. We also saw a very strong live sports, especially across Europe. APJ did a lot better than we had expected in terms of traffic. A good gaming quarter. Software downloads were strong as well as new devices come online. There's a lot of firmware updates and things like that. And just to sort of put it in context for you, the last week of the year was exceptionally strong. On our normal traffic pattern, we tend to see our highest traffic levels on Sundays on a recurring basis. We tend sometimes could be 15% to 20% higher than we normally see during the week.  And between the day before Christmas and New Year's eve, we saw what I would refer to as eight Sundays in terms of elevated traffic, which is something that we typically don't see. So a lot of factors that came into play here, both in our Web business as well as our Media business.
Edward McGowan: Keith, this is Ed. Good question. Right now, I would say, certainly, in the near term, it looks like it's a nice durable revenue stream for us. I'd encourage you to look at the platform customers. Obviously, we had good stabilization and growth there and it shows that even in the DIY world, there's still a place for Akamai and especially as these folks start to look to go global, that's a big opportunity for us. And it's possible you could see some of these folks take some of the delivery in-house themselves. But just in general, most of the OTT folks out there today are going multi-CDN and I think that there's going to be a place for us. I don't think all of them will go DIY. It's possible that none of them do. But if they do, I think there's still a big place for us.
Edward McGowan: Okay. Thought I'd get some help if I didn't get to all of them here. So I'll start with the last one. You talked about margin progression. I made some comments earlier that Q1, I believe where you'll see the lowest operating margin for the year and then it will trend up, and we guided to 30%. In terms of the multi-CDN environment, I would say, today, most big video players and most large software distributors do have a multi-CDN strategy and it can vary. In some cases, we'll do 80%, 90%. In some cases, we might do 25%. Usually, what we find is, as the needs for, say in gaming, capacity becomes a much bigger requirement, we tend to get a lot more share. We get a lot more share when we perform better. We get a lot more share as companies look to expand outside the U.S. It's a lot harder to build out capacity and drive your cost down outside the U.S. where bandwidth is more expensive. And a lot of those folks will look to us to take additional share.  And in terms of how these things ramp, typically, when you see a launch, you'll see a lot of promotion around initial launch, a big spike in traffic, then it sort of levels off. Depending on promotions and things like that, you'll see traffic kind of go up and down, depending on various promotions as well as different types of content. Certain shows are more popular than others, et cetera. And then as they expand outside of -- into new markets, that also is another big jump in traffic.  I think you also asked about the Olympics. That will be in Q3. We talked about sort of the revenue progression as you think about how we go from Q1 into the back half of the year. The back half of the year will be -- you'll start to see a step-up in revenue as we get into a strong Q3 with the Olympics as well as the beginning of the election, and some OTT launches. And then Q4 is obviously our strongest seasonal quarter.
Edward McGowan: Yes. So we didn't provide specific guidance, but obviously, if you get to exceed over $1 billion and you're about the 20% range, I think that's probably a decent place to peg the models for now. And if you recall last year, we started the year thinking we'd do it in the mid-20s and ended up at 30%. So I was just pegging it in the 20% range, and we'll continue to update you as we go.  There's still a lot of room to go in our installed base. Only 55% of our customers today buy security products. That's up about 7% from last year. So there's still a long way to go. And only 28% of our customers are buying two or more. So a lot of room in the installed base and a lot of our new security sales of customers are being led by security first.
Edward McGowan: Yes, so this is Ed. I'll take that one. I've said this in the past that the pricing market, the pricing for high-volume media tends to be pretty efficient, and really, it's volume that drives it. And in terms of the pricing environment, I haven't seen people get super aggressive in terms of anything that's outside the norm when it comes to grabbing share. And I would say, at this point, customers are really more interested in the quality than the price because the pricing right now, and there's not a ton of differential between the different players at certain volumes, it really just comes down performance in terms of share.
Edward McGowan: Well, it depends. I mean, a lot of times, you can see share shifts immediately. It depends on how the customers actually load balancing traffic. We've had instances where, in the last couple of quarters, in particular, where some of our competitors have stumbled and had significant trouble and we'll see a big shift of traffic move over to us. In some cases, that will stay for the long term. In some cases, as the company who's had trouble fixes their trouble, it will move back. But it can be pretty quick. And I can tell you that a lot of these media customers have gotten pretty sophisticated in terms of how they're looking at quality, and there's a lot of different metrics that they measure. And you're absolutely right. To the extent that somebody is struggling in a particular city, it could be in a particular city on a particular operator network or with a particular device type, where they'll shift share depending on who's performing better based on all sorts of different metrics that they're looking at.
Edward McGowan: Yes, Michael, this is Ed. Yes, they were in the IP platform. Obviously, there's not a lot of customers that sort of want to get too specific. But in general, event-driven revenue sometimes can be for our large-scale launches or big video events, et cetera, where customers will come to us for a variety of different reasons. In some cases, it's for services or security or for capacity or for delivery. So just kind of think about it in that light that it's for specific events that we were asked to help out a couple of customers, and we're happy to do it, and we're always looking for that type of business. But you're right. I mean, if you look at it in the grand scheme of things, $6 million on a $772 million quarter is not all that material. But certainly, a good business, and we're always happy to take it.
Edward McGowan: Hey, Brad, this is Ed. Yes, that's a good question. I would say that Tom just talked about hitting a peak of 140 terabits per second today. That's becoming more of a norm. It seems that on Tuesdays tends to be the day that you see lots of software and gaming releases. And it's more and more players now are having much, much bigger needs in terms of these big spikes in capacity, and our day-to-day traffic continues to rise. I talked about that Sunday phenomenon. I would say that our customers certainly are getting a lot more nervous about capacity and talking to us way in advance of these, whether it's a new launch or going into a new geography. And certainly, when they're doing new games, picking up the phone and talking to us about the concern about capacity. You've got folks spending hundreds of millions of dollars on rights for sporting events and hitting new peaks every year. So it is becoming a bit of a premium here. Now does it translate into per gigabyte pricing? Not always, no. But in some cases, you can get capacity reservation fees, where you can guarantee somebody a block of capacity. And customers are, in some cases, willing to pay for that.
Edward McGowan: Yes. And just to add on that, what you asked about, Brad, just on the impact for the quarter. There's one thing just to highlight that we did -- similar to last year, we had some licensed pull-ins from Q1 about $3 million or $4 million of security license sales to the carriers that were expected to hit in Q1, that hit in Q4. So just keep that in mind as you're modeling out the security business in Q1.
Edward McGowan: Yes. So this is Ed. I'll take that question. So in terms of the way to think about the model going forward, obviously, with these customers, there are 6 of them and we have renewals from time to time. So I would sort of model that out at about $40 million a quarter roughly. We'll be looking for upside, obviously, as we go, but that's probably a decent place to put a mark in the sand. And in terms of the customers, it's the giant Internet platforms, it's Apple, Microsoft, Google, Facebook, Amazon and Netflix is in that group of customers.
Edward McGowan: The first one. So we included in our guidance that we will participate in a lot of the OTT services that are coming to market, and some that are expanding. It's really hard to call how successful these will be. I mean, we have conversations with the customers. We know what their plans are. We make sure we build our capacity to be able to capture as much of the traffic that we can. But it really does come down to end consumer demand. It comes down to hours watched, how active the subscribers are, comes down to bit rate. So really hard to tell, but we've got some models from the past that we use and try to leverage. But you really don't know until you get a few months under your belt exactly how big and successful these will be. But we do the best we can to try to bake in an assumption for a good level of success.
Edward McGowan: Yes, I think I would say it's the typical share that were expected. But obviously, we're going to do our best to get as much as we can. But in terms of modeling perspective, you just put in what you think is a normal share based on the various customers.
Edward McGowan: Yes, sure. So in terms of margins, obviously, the OTT media business is a lower margin than, say, our Security business. So as the mix shifts, you can get a slight movement. I think we're -- we talked about being down about 1 point year-on-year, but I think it's really more in the round. And then in terms of international, one of the things that we did several years ago that was really smart is we made a significant investment in our carrier relationships. And Tom talked about being in thousands of locations and thousands of cities around the world. By having so much traffic, we feel -- we provide a lot of value to the carriers. So we get generally very favorable economics in some of the hard-to-reach places that tend to be really expensive. So the margin internationally, in most places, is pretty decent for us. So again, just the way to think about it is your media business is going to be slightly lower on the gross margin line, your security business is going to offset that.
Edward McGowan: Yes, so just to add a little bit here, like I said, we spent a lot of time investing with our relationships with the carriers around the world. And there are some really challenging places to build out capacity. Latin America, in particular, is one that's very challenging. And we see outsized share in countries like the Philippines, Indonesia, across the Middle East and India, again, areas that are a little bit harder for some of our competitors to get to. And also, it requires an investment in people to be able to go out, establish those relationships and build out the capacity. So I think we're very smart in our approach in terms of our investments, and we're continuing to invest, and a lot of what we're doing with our CapEx is we're building more and more capacity outside the U.S.
Edward McGowan: So there's always going to be lots of renewals throughout the year. And -- but I did last quarter, I'll do this last year, excuse me, and I'll do again this year, is I'll call out if there's anything going into a quarter that needs to be highlighted but we've factored that into our guidance.
Edward McGowan: Yes, on the sales compensation, there's really no major change this year. We had talked about two years ago, we have made some big changes in the media world to help them focus on gaining share and selling security. But in terms of the tweak we're making to the comp plans this year, there's nothing really major to call out.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, it's early days for both. We're just launching the Secure Web Gateway. That will be part of Enterprise Threat Protector 3.0. We're really excited about that market. But early days, and we're just starting to get the bookings now. So for that to be a major contributor, you're looking at 2021, 2022. Identity Cloud met plan this year, and that's already, because of an acquisition, further along. And we're excited about the potential there in terms of privacy, regulation compliance. As you know, we've now got CCPA in effect in California. Other states are looking to put laws into place. GDPR, of course, in Europe. And I think enterprises are going to be looking for help in dealing with that. So we're optimistic about the future growth there.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. So we have both on the product and product support side and go-to-market with sales specialists and experts in making enterprise security sales, a lot of attention on that. We saw a substantial increase in revenue and bookings this year. Still relatively small, given the early days for Zero Trust and some of the new products that we're bringing out now in enterprise security. And of course, as you know, our head of web sales is an expert in selling enterprise security services. So we've got a lot of expertise there and there's significant investment because we'd like to see that business really ramp up. And I think there's good potential for that.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, that's business we want to go out and get. And I think there's a lot of greenfield as well. Those -- in terms of the cloud solution provider for Secure Web Gateway, pretty small total revenue, relatively speaking, to what could be. And I think we're going to have a very competitive offer. And when you combine it with the rest of Akamai Security business, we're the larger player out there. We're well known, we're trusted. We have 1,500 major enterprises using Kona Site Defender already. And in some sense, this is a very natural partner to that to now protect the enterprise employee and the enterprise apps from importing malware, just as we protect the public-facing websites from attacks from the outside. So a lot of synergy with what we are the market leader at, and we have a lot of trust among the major enterprise CSOs out there and the buyers of functionality like Secure Web Gateway. So I am optimistic about our future there.
Thomson Leighton: At the end of the day, our goal is to do a better job with quality. We've got incredible scale. And also, we've got a great cost profile, which is unique. And so I think we have a compelling value proposition. And even to the extent folks do some DIY already, we're working in an environment with traffic splitting, as Ed said. And going all DIY is incredibly risky for a business. You have no fail over, it's not their core expertise. And I don't think it makes a lot of sense for these folks.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. So we haven't -- we're not going to give guidance for 2021 or beyond at this point. And we're focused on the 30% for this year. And we always want to be as efficient as we can. And it's across the board in decreasing the cost to serve traffic from our servers through better software. We had a lot of people working on that. It's being efficient with where we allocate our headcount dollars. It's efficient in terms of our procurement functions. So that's always a focus, and we're going to do as well as we can do. Now you're right, there can be trade-offs. We're making significant investments in the business. Obviously, CapEx to increase our scale advantage over the competition on a global basis. We're making a lot of investments in innovation, particularly in the security product area. As I mentioned before, the landscape there moves so quickly, and we're in a great position, but we want to stay ahead with the development of new capabilities there. And so as we see opportunities, we do make investments to keep revenue growth being strong and hopefully make it better over time. And there's a balance. We want to be fiscally responsible. We proved we can do that. We've already grown our operating margin by 5 points over the last 2 to 3 years, and we'll take the step with another point this year. At the same time, it's really important for us to be investing in innovation or new products to drive future growth.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. Obviously, most of our security revenue, as we talk about products like WAF and Bot Manager, which tend to be sold to our traditional base. DDoS prevention, particularly the Prolexic capabilities, can go more broadly. Anybody operating a data center that has critical capabilities and that's connected, they got to worry about DDoS attacks and so we do pick up an expanded base there. I think going forward, the enterprise capabilities, the Secure Web Gateway, Multi-Factor Authentication, Enterprise Defender, that brings us into a whole new scope of potential customers and verticals that we don't service a lot today. And that's one reason you're really excited about the enterprise security business as a component. Mentioned the carrier side, we do have great relationships, as I probably know, with the world's major carriers, pretty much all of them. And we have developed security products that we make available to them on a white label basis. And that's where they would then go and attack the small and medium business market. We talked about last time on the call, our SPS service, which is a version of sort of a lower end of our enterprise security, Enterprise Threat Protector solution. But the carriers sell it under their own brand and they go live with it. And that's a great model for us. We don't even touch the customer there, but it generates growing revenue. So we do work with the carriers closely around our security solutions. Some of them also resell our regular enterprise-class solutions as well.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, I think we do. And in fact, we've been named as the leader there, if you look at the Forrester Magic Quadrant. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the leader in our Zero Trust strategy. So I think we're really excited about it. And it's not just Janrain and KryptCo, but now Secure Web Gateway being added to Enterprise Threat Protector, Enterprise Application Access, which take you through out of the world where you're getting network layer access, which is leading to so many of the data breaches and now access is being controlled at the app layer. And once it's -- a customer is using that, then we can actually apply our services like Kona Site Defender to scrub all traffic from "trusted devices" that are internal to make sure they're not spreading malware because it's so easy to get malware onto a device. You don't want it to spread within an enterprise. And you want to make sure that the enterprise is an exfiltrating sensitive data to botnets. And those are the capabilities we bring to market now with Enterprise Defender. And I think Janrain and KryptCo add to that and make it even stronger.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. So surely, you have two questions there. And the second one on how does security mesh with the platform in getting leverage. That's a great question because we get fantastic leverage of our edge platform with security. The same servers and equipment and bandwidth and colo that's used to deliver these fabulous amounts of traffic, that same infrastructure and expense is used to absorb these gigantic attacks. And Akamai is unique in being able to absorb and defend against these giant attacks. And that's because we have fabulous amounts of capacity. So we get great financial leverage and infrastructure leverage with our edge network. And also, the edge is really important, as we've talked about, for delivering traffic. If you're not at the edge, you don't get access to the bandwidth that you need to give high-performance delivery of video or software. And being at the edge is where you need to be to absorb all the attack traffic right as it's coming on to the Internet. If you wait and try to do it at the data center, you're going to get overwhelmed and it doesn't work.  So really strong leverage there. Now in terms of the network peaks, they're not -- it's not wildly different. I look at it now and you look at our traffic charge, and the minimum at night, on the least day of the week, is sort of what the peak was across the entire platform a couple of years ago. So it's not huge differences in the peaks and the troughs. And you can never make it totally flat because it's our customers that are driving that. And when they want to distribute a new game and they want everybody to get it quick or there's a live event, or you've got people home at night watching their OTT, well, we got to supply the capacity for that.  So I don't think you'll ever see a world where it's exactly the same amount of traffic every hour of the day or every day of the week. But we're in pretty good shape there when you look at the traffic plots.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, we are very unique. And you can see it in so many ways. Part of the uniqueness is that we really are an edge platform. Now these days, edge has become a buzzword. And so everybody says they're an edge network. It's just not true. And the way you can measure that is how many distinct locations do they have servers. And we're in 4,000 places. We're in 1,000 different cities. We're in over 1,500 networks. Nobody gets anywhere close to that. And so that's one way we're unique. You can also see it in the scale of our business, the traffic levels that we're serving. You can see it in the security business. Who's out there with our kind of security revenue in a real cloud service.  You can't find really anything close to that. And it's because, again, of the edge platform and all the technology we built on top of it. Now you're right. There's a lot of CDNs. More and more, there's dozens of CDNs around the world. But they are tiny in comparison in terms of what they can do. And I think you have to look beyond the marketing, the buzzwords, to see what are they really doing? What are they really capable of? What are the -- where are their servers really located. And also take a hard look at the financials. Are they profitable, or are they trying to buy some revenue? Do they have a scalable model that some day really is going to be profitable? And I think it really is important to take a close look because there's just a lot of hype, and a lot of buzz and some big IPOs, and it's not real. We are unique.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, our plan is to achieve 30% this year. And we're always looking for good acquisitions that can help us provide more value to our customers and to grow revenue. And of course, we're very disciplined buyers. So it's not that we're doing a lot of deals and we're very careful before we do larger deals. And as we look at the year ahead, we expect to do some deals, and we expect to hit 30% operating margins.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. Yes. And to your second question, obviously, we measure success in terms of revenue, margin and profit and the growth of those metrics and at a different level. And strategically, we measure it in terms of share, scale, performance and reliability. And our goal is to grow our share, have even more massive scale to be -- continue our reliability. I think already today, we're the go-to player, if you ask any of the big OTT guys. And we want to grow that further. And we are making investments, and you see it in the CapEx. For example, you don't see it as easily in terms of the OpEx and the salaries of the people that are working on making the performance even better and the reliability even better because we're making the bet that OTT usage is going to grow a lot over the next several years. And then as that happens, we want to capture a lot of that on Akamai and to do it profitably. We worry a lot about cost, making our CapEx be a lot more cost-efficient to run, to get a lot more bits per second out of each dollar of CPU. So strategically, it's about increasing our capacity, reliability, scale and share with the goal of generating more revenue, profit and, of course, margins.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, that is the plan. And that's what we've been talking about is to leverage our massive edge platform that exists all around the world. We're in 1,000 different cities and several of these OTT businesses are global in nature. And so it is our goal to leverage the scale and the performance and our reliability that's established there to gain share.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. And one of the nice things is that we're much more diverse in our customer base now. We don't have customers that account for 10% or more of our revenue. In fact, you take the giants there, and they're all like 2% or 3% at most. So there's much less impact to our business now if a giant customer has a major repricing.
