James Benson: Yeah, I'll take the first part of it. Then I can let Tom comment on kind of the do-it-yourself efforts. But certainly you could tell from the guide, this is predominantly a media story as far as the deceleration in growth rate that we're still having very, very healthy growth rates in our Performance and Security Solutions, and our Services and Support Solutions. We don't guide necessarily by product category, but if you generally look at the growth rates we've had in those other areas, you can certainly see that media growth rates are going to be effectively flat to up very significantly, or down very significantly. This is largely in the Americas, and it is really very heavily focused on these three particular accounts, and as you can imagine, we had a huge, huge Q4 last year with these accounts. These accounts in Q4 grew well over 40% year-over-year last Q4. So it's a very difficult compare, but admittedly, we are seeing a slowdown in those accounts off of very strong Q4 of last year, and it is magnified by the fact they do serve some of their own traffic. But we believe kind of the bigger slowdown in traffic here is that traffic overall is slowing, not so much an acceleration and kind of do-it-yourself. And Tom can maybe comment on do-it-yourself.
James Benson: Well, yeah, to be clear, I think what you've outlined is true. But we were very clear that was our intention. The intention of the company back in the 2012 timeframe was we felt that we were going to purposely lower the financial model of the company to make what we thought were the right investments to drive future growth and scale. And so it was by design that we made these investments. Yes, they grew at a faster pace than revenue growth, more on the OpEx side than the CapEx side. And certainly, as you can see, we did moderate spending in Q3 with the near-term revenue moderation that we saw. We are moderating spending in Q4. And we'll continue to manage spending in alignment with revenue growth of the company. I did provide some caveats that obviously – that depends upon revenue volumes, possible M&A we do and things of that nature. But I want to be clear that where the company financial model is now is effectively what we said we were going to do. Yes, this year we're going through a year where we're spending a little bit more on CapEx. So my – long-term model that I provided has 18% of revenue as kind of the high. And we're probably going to be more in the 19%. And that's largely from building up more network CapEx, as Tom mentioned, which is a bit in anticipation or was in anticipation of demand in the future. And as Tom said, the timing of that is very, very difficult to assess. But we get better visibility, call it, on a three-month window. And so we can always moderate future CapEx investments based on the visibility that we see.
James Benson: Yes. It's mostly the former, which is the top three accounts. And again, these top three accounts in our media business represent a reasonably large percentage because these are big, big, big media companies. So the biggest share of the revenue deceleration and actually these three accounts are declining year-on-year. And so again, their revenue weighting is pretty high for our media business. The rest of the media business is actually performing reasonably well. We are seeing a little bit of a slowdown, as I mentioned, in our software download customers. And as we've shared with you in the past that the timing of gaming and software downloads varies from quarter to quarter, we're not expecting a huge software download quarter. We expect a reasonably good gaming quarter this quarter, but the bigger driver of the revenue deceleration is these large three accounts and modestly a little bit of softening in the software download customer base.
James Benson: Yeah, I mean, certainly that we had another very, very strong quarter in our Cloud Security Solutions, they grew 44% in Q2, they grew 44% again in Q3. You did see a slight moderation in, call it, the other businesses that are in there, the largest of which is our web performance business. We've seen a bit of a deceleration in their product line for the last few quarters. Bookings continue to be reasonable, as I've said before, that there is a tremendous amount of excitement with our sales teams in selling our new security offerings, and I think that there is a fair amount of focus in that area. So, yeah, we probably could do a little bit better in that segment, we know that. We're doing very strong in security, maybe not as strong in the web performance business. But I think it's – we're keeping at it. There's a significant market opportunity for us to further penetrate in that space. It's just a matter of continuing to execute and innovate.
James Benson: No, it's actually more – these three accounts, these big, big accounts do DIY and in a couple of these big accounts, Akamai is the exclusive CDN provider. No, this slowdown is not so much an increase in DIY. As Tom tried to outline, which is, overall traffic is lower. And so what's happening is that they've continued to build on DIY, which they've been doing all along and their traffic has moderated overall. They are serving more of the traffic themselves, and less is going to us. So if you generally look at it from a share perspective that yes, they are taking more of the share of the traffic, but it's because overall traffic in aggregate is less than expected.
James Benson: I mean, that's tough to tell. I mean, this is the nature of our business that we can't control how many people are doing a download, how many people are doing various things. So that's really an end user thing. So why it's slowing for our customers is difficult for us to assess.
James Benson: Yeah, I mean, I think what I did say, I mean I provided guidance for the quarter. I think we said that, we'd be, call it, in the low $80 millions (47:28) for CapEx. So we're going to be a little bit above my long-term model of 18% this year. Again, we're going to strive to manage the company, call it, around the 18% of revenue going forward. That's the long-term model that I've highlighted all along. There is going to be periods of time as we've had before, it could be at 17%. There could be a period of time where we're at 19%. I'm actually not going to quibble between a point here or there to be honest with you. We're going to make the investments that we think are the right investments for the business, either on R&D innovation, which is around software capital, or as Tom indicated, if we need to make more network CapEx investments because we think they're the right thing to do to support what we think is going to be coming demand, we'll do that. But generally speaking, we're going to strive to manage CapEx around 18% of revenue.
James Benson: Well, it's largely from what we've talked about. We've been building out CapEx really for the first three quarters of the year in a fairly substantive way. If you take the year-to-date, CapEx as a percent of revenue has been well north of 20%. We're not expecting that for the full year, because you're seeing it moderate here in the fourth quarter. So as you build up more CapEx and you deploy more servers in the network and you are incurring co-location costs, you're going to see an uptick in cost of goods sold. And certainly, as we've talked about, we're building out, or we did build out in anticipation of wanting to make sure that we have the capacity available. We did signal that that may have near-term pressure on gross margins and that's what you're seeing.
James Benson: No. I mean no change in – from a color perspective around in general the market for bandwidth or co-location spending. As you can imagine that, bandwidth in particular that as you have contracts in some cases that you have fixed port arrangements that you're building out, and if you're not building those fixed ports at a fixed cost that you're not monetizing. But again, that's something that we signaled that it was a bet we were willing to make. If in fact, we've built out more capacity than is needed, we'll grow into it. And so that's effectively what we're doing.
James Benson: Okay. That was a bunch. Let me try to take them in order. So I think we did signal in our guidance, I am not certainly providing guidance for 2016 on this call, but we certainly did signal that we do expect that what we're seeing here in the fourth quarter is going to continue into 2016. As you know, the nature of traffic is it spikes and as it goes up and it goes down. So it's difficult to predict whether, to your point, it is a wraparound and you go through this for three quarters and then you see it again in Q4. It's tough to tell. That is one possible scenario, the scenario that these customers' overall traffic volumes continue to accelerate and our share then increases. So these are customers that have planned to do DIY. They have been doing it for a while. It's very difficult to assess what's going to happen next year. But we do expect that there will be a moderation. As you've seen in the past, we've been surprised at the upside. As Tom mentioned, both in 2013 and 2014, we were talking about over-achievements in media growth, and we specifically talked about our large customers, and that's really what the driver was, the same phenomena. Also, it's fair to say that growth outside of these three customers in the media is doing very well. Our international growth is strong in the media business, and is strong in other segments of our U.S. market as well. So again, we're going to go through a period here. How much affect it has on growth rates in 2016, I think, remains to be seen. But we do expect to see this persist into 2016. And whether or not we're going to need M&A to hit our ambition for $5 billion that if you think about the markets that we are in, you look at the media market, and you think about the amount of traffic that could move online, that we would be poised to benefit from. That's a significant growth catalyst in the media business. Our Performance and Security Solutions by themselves have significant growth opportunities. And then there's new emerging areas that we are just barely getting into in cloud networking that by themselves could be huge growth opportunities for the company. So there's enough catalysts across the portfolio to certainly achieve the ambitions that we have. The challenge you have with the media business is sometimes the media business is in acceleration and aids you in your quest to get – the CAGR needs to be around 17% to get there. Sometimes it's going to be lower, but I think over time, there's enough growth catalysts in the company to be able to do that. It's a matter of innovating, and it's a matter of executing.
James Benson: We talked about the fact that – no, we don't have a specific number for M&A. We've been doing M&A where we think it makes sense for the company to either expand into an adjacent area that there has been technology tuck-ins that we believe that will help secure an area that we want to do from an innovation perspective. So we certainly did the acquisition of Prolexic, which did contribute revenue. Most of our acquisitions to date have not been revenue contributions, they've been more technology tuck-ins. That's not to say that we're not actively searching, and that there may be something that is of revenue contribution. But we don't have a specific target in mind for what M&A is going to be to deliver to the $5 billion ambition.
James Benson: Yeah, we don't really know of any dates, in particular. I think in terms of watching for signposts, you'd look for offers that come to the market, you'd look for adoption rates of those services. Is it being successful, are users watching more video content online? And then we don't have any dates in mind that we're in a position to share around that. We're going to be ready and we're going to try to help enable it and then we'll see how things unfold next year.
James Benson: Yes, I mean, I think it's difficult to tell that it's – certainly, we can execute better in that area. What share of it is driven by what drivers is tough to tell. There is certainly still a significant market opportunity for it. I think what we need to do is, in particular, and our sales team is doing this that you've got to go through multiple go-to-market motions both direct and indirect in being able to build out effective channel relationships to be able to sell this and get better acceleration on it that's not just from your direct sales force. It still is a product that requires a fair amount of handholding to be sold, so it's not an easily channeled sellable product. We're working on that. And so there's probably an element of that that is disruptive to being able to get that business back to where we need it to be. But we do think that with continued innovation on the product side, as well as maybe continued focus from a go-to-market perspective around not just going deep and wide with our customers. So the customers that we're going to try to up-sell them to the higher value ion offerings as well as getting new customers, that's really the recipe. It's about executing on the innovation side and executing on the go-to-market side.
James Benson: I mean, that's, obviously, we are building out based on discussions that we have with folks in the ecosystem. We've certainly – what is a lot of uncertainty about what is going to get introduced, when it's going to get introduced, what the adoption rates are going to be. So as Tom indicated, yes, we have done build-out and the build-out means that we have available capacity. It is an (69:17) infinite capacity, obviously. This would be, call it, we built out capacity for what could be the first wave of some level of over-the-top. I think we certainly did signal that we do expect generally traffic moderation going into 2016. And I do believe – just to be clear, I do believe that there are – the biggest catalyst that's going to cause traffic growth to reaccelerate is going to be continued movement of premium content online. The rate and pace of that is very, very difficult to assess. I mean, some of it is being done now. So it's not like it's not being done now, it's just being done now on a very much smaller scale. The question is when does it start to get hold in a more fulsome scale, and I think that will be the catalyst. But I think without that, I think there are certainly headwinds that we have going into 2016 on traffic, just to be very clear. I think Heather asked earlier that is tough to tell with these large three customers what their traffic volumes are going to do, whether their traffic volumes accelerate or not. So there's a bunch of dynamics that will have an impact on the media business in the near term. So I just want to make sure we're clear that we think that there are certainly catalysts to grow this business in the medium term to long term. We're not calling out guidance here for 2016, but it's just important to be clear with you that certainly we do see deceleration in traffic. We do think that there are going to be catalysts for traffic growth. The question is rate, pace, and timing.
James Benson: Certainly, when we guided for the quarter for Q3 that we certainly did guide that OpEx expense was going to slow, we certainly had better visibility of what we thought was going to be happening going into Q4 as the quarter progressed. And so we did moderate hiring as the quarter progressed.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, I don't see a fundamental change in our relationship with our largest media customers. I am close to these accounts, and I would say our relationships are very strong. Now, as we've talked about, the largest few media companies do have do-it-yourself efforts, and we've competed with these efforts very successfully over the years, and I think we continue to do that. Now, one thing that happens when they carry a substantial portion of their traffic over do-it-yourself networks is, if the overall traffic is less growing at a slower rate and less than expected, well, there's a tendency to fill up the do-it-yourself effort first, and then we would get the remainder which leaves us with even slower traffic growth. And we are projecting to see some of that in Q4, and maybe into early next year. The flip side of that coin, we saw last year, whereas if the traffic is growing stronger than projected and at a very fast clip, then we tend to get more than we would otherwise get because it flows to us. So the DIY effort does tend to magnify the swings, with the largest few accounts. And those customers do provide a significant portion of our media revenue and so you do see it reflected in the guidance going forward.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes, we have very strong relationships on a global basis with the major media companies. We have not seen the same behavior that we have in the three accounts that we talked about. We haven't seen that behavior as much overseas. And in general, I am very bullish on the medium and long-term growth of the media business. We continue to invest there, and we are seeing the deceleration in the three particular accounts now, and that may persist for some time. But I think then, as we look at potential of more video moving online, we have to see what the timing of that is and the scale. But that could put us in a very good position for future growth.
Frank Thomson Leighton: We still have the same goals for 2020. We are on a good clip overall for that. I think we are ahead of where we needed to be. On the other hand, as growth decelerates in media in the near term, we'd like to see that reaccelerate in the future. I should also add, in terms of the DIY, the DIY is most relevant for the kinds of traffic where performance is not as important. An example would be a background software download. And there's literally been cases where it might take eight hours whereas on Akamai, it might take eight minutes and if it's in the background and not urgent, maybe that's okay. As we look to the future and you think about what really drives traffic growth in the future, and probably video is a big source of that, particularly live and linear video and broadcast moving over-the-top over the longer-term, that is much harder to do, and performance really matters a lot. And there were a lot less – DIY is a lot less competitive in that kind of situation.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I would say that we have some visibility there, but there's a lot of uncertainty, and there's a lot of factors that are certainly beyond our control. I think with perfect hindsight, we probably would've spent a little bit less on CapEx this year, but we don't have perfect view into when various OTT offers will become available or how successful they'll be. And our goal is to be ready and to make sure that we have a platform that can deliver any broadcast OTT that becomes available in very high quality and scale and also make sure it's affordable. And so we will, as we talked about before, lean in there. And really the worst that happens is we are a little too early and that we will eventually be using that capacity. And we just don't know exactly when, but we're going to be ready.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Right. And that is the overall traffic is not growing at as fast a clip. And as we talked about a few minutes ago, when you combine that with an existing DIY infrastructure and the nature of that traffic, that can lead to substantially disproportionate deceleration in the traffic that we're carrying in those accounts.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. I'm not going to provide a specific percentage. Obviously, as I shared before, our largest customer, we don't have any 10% customers, but as I shared before, we obviously have had a 10% receivable customer in the past. And these three customers are, call that, no one is larger than the largest customer, but customers two and three are not that much smaller. So that gives you some kind of order of magnitude of the size of these customers. And these are almost predominantly, not exclusively, but almost predominantly media customers. So that's largely where you see the impact for our media business.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, the even years can be better in terms of the major sporting events like Olympics and so forth. And events themselves don't do that much, but they do tend to get people to try a higher bandwidth or higher quality format which drives more traffic, more devices are used. So there can be some benefit there. I would say if large amounts of content, broadcast content, comes over the top, that can make a difference. And then obviously we're sort of setting up a different base here, at least we're projecting to through Q4. And so just with time through the year, the effect will become mitigated in terms of our growth rates.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, the volume of traffic we talked about, I think, on the call last time. If you imagine, and I don't know if and when this will happen, you had five million people watching, and they were watching at a pretty reasonable quality, and the target these days is for 10 million people, that's 50 terabits a second, which is more traffic than we're pumping right now. So there's a large amount of traffic there. We are working, as Jim said, to stay in the zone of 40% to 41% EBITDA margins. If there was – inside there are things, as Jim said, that can take you out of that zone. But that's our expectation at this point in time.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Right. Again, we've been competing with DIY in our largest handful accounts for almost forever, over 10 years, certainly. And DIY is mostly used for the delivery of items where performance is not important or where maybe it's easier to do static objects is an example. DIY is not nearly the kind of competitor to us for things like live and linear broadcast or content that might move over the top in a pay subscription kind of model where a user expects very high quality, they are paying for it and it's very hard to do. So that's where DIY comes into play. A top few customers do it. And to be honest, over time, I think they find that it's not as productive as they thought to do it, and so sometimes a large customer will end their DIY capability, and then you will see them a few years later try to start another project. I know of one large account that's gone through the entire cycle twice. It's not something that I think even makes any sense at all for somebody who is not a giant media company, just – it's not going to be any kind of quality you'd want to have and it doesn't even make sense financially, I think. The very biggest media companies there, I think they've all tried it. Many of them use it and we have been competing with it for a long time very successfully.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, we monetize the end-to-end process for over-the-top, often with partners for some components of it. The large majority of the revenue there is with the delivery because of the scale and the enormous number of bits that might be carried if broadcast TV were to move over-the-top in a major way. It's not just free. There is substantial expense in actually delivering all that traffic and providing all that functionality. So it's not the kind of thing that just comes in as revenue with no cost associated with it. There is significant cost, including the build-out of the platform itself.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Pricing steadily declines. And I would say in the period we are in now, it's pretty normal; nothing unusual or no bad news there in terms of our revenues. So now when customers send more traffic to us, they often get a lower price. So you have large volumes and traffic costs less per bit than small volumes and traffic. But if you look at constant amount of traffic through time, pricing steadily decreases, and there's really no fundamental change there.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, we are very pleased with the growth in the international markets. It accelerated over Q2 that – I would say that we still think there's huge opportunity to continue to grow the international markets faster than our U.S. markets, for sure. But as far as the mix, actually, the mix contribution between Media, Performance and Security, and Services and Support is roughly similar across all three geographies. Admittedly, though, in the EMEA and APJ (62:22) geographies that there isn't any significant concentration from customers. And so they call it the diversification of their customer base is a little bit broader whereas in the U.S., we have very, very large U.S. media customers that tend to have a pretty high share of some of our U.S. media business. And so obviously when you have a downturn there, notable both for the U.S. market as well as the total companies, but that just gives you maybe a little bit of color on the mix profile.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, I really can't comment on adoption rates in 2016. I wish I could, but I can't. But the TAM, what hypothetically could be possible is very large. Just think about all the people that watch TV, and imagine if even a very small portion of them started watching TV online. And you think about what quality they might do that at someday. The old DVD format, I say old, but the DVD format is about four megabits per second, compressed 4K. Sort of the next gen format is 16 megabits a second. The average of that is 10 megabits a second, and that's where we see the major broadcasters having an interest in targeting bandwidth rates for watching a single stream at 10 megabits a second. And as I mentioned earlier that if you had five million people doing that at the same time, that's 50 terabits a second and that's a heck of a lot of traffic, and that's only five million people. Now, you think farther into the future, some people think that someday, I don't know if it's by the end of the decade or not, that maybe most watching, there's more watching online than on TV, the traditional mechanisms. And that's hundreds of millions of people and maybe 1 billion someday. So when you think about the TAM, it's an enormous TAM. And that's why I think there's so much interest, not here, but in the industry, around OTT. Now, I know you all are interested, as are we as when does that start. And we don't know. We are, to the point, today where we can enable it from the technology perspective and from the financial perspective. We can do it at a good quality, we can do it at scale, not 1 billion yet, 1 billion viewers, but certainly the scale where we would start out and we can do it at a reasonable price point that can enable that to take place. And from there, we are watching and working with the industry to try to facilitate that to happen. But a lot of that is beyond our control. Certainly, the users at the end of the day, the subscribers, will dictate how much watching is done OTT.
Frank Thomson Leighton: We only see meaningful DIY in a handful of accounts, and it's not for live linear video. Now that doesn't say that someday people won't be doing DIY themselves for OTT broadcast content OTT. But we don't really see that today. The DIY we see is a handful of very large media accounts, and it's focused on more static – the delivery of static content and often where performance doesn't matter. Obviously, with paid subscription OTT, performance matters a lot, or the subscriber is not going to pay. They're not going to be happy. And as we look across the major broadcasters today, I really don't see DIY as being a factor there, at least for now.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, I think the math is the same. It could be very significant. There's obviously a lot more TV watchers and people online outside of the United States than here. Many countries are better connected with their Internet than here. So in the long run, I would say it's a larger market, potential market outside the U.S. than inside the U.S.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, I would hope it would have a positive benefit to both our Media business and our Performance business and our, for that matter, our Security business. That Microsoft will be selling all of our services and in terms of the basic Azure CDN capability, you will be able to automatically take advantage of Akamai's base level CDN capabilities.
