Frank Thomson Leighton: It's really hard to predict the rate of adoption and when new OTT services will become available. But we are in conversations with the country's leading broadcasters, in fact, several global broadcasters and major Internet companies, and there's a lot of buzz out there and a lot of interest in bringing major video content online over-the-top. And that's already starting to have an impact on our financials in the sense that we're buying more CapEx and you see us be a little bit above our long-term plan in CapEx this year. And as we put that CapEx into co-lo and get it connected with bandwidth, there's some cost there. And we want to be in the position of being prepared. There is the possibility that it could have a significant impact on our financials next year. We are taking risk in doing this because there's always a chance that the offerings will be delayed or there won't be as much uptake among the users and subscribers as people are hoping for, but we're willing to take that risk. The downside there is that if we just deploy the CapEx a little early we'll be using it within a year anyway, but we really want to be ready if OTT takes off as a lot of people think it might.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I think the majority of it would be a substantial increase from existing customers. Today we already service pretty much all the major broadcasters. And as they bring content over-the-top, that would be traffic that would make sense to put on the Akamai platform. And in some cases, you have the big Internet companies out there maybe offering bundles and packages, and pretty much they are already Akamai customers. It would be a new service for them potentially, but most of the major media brands already use Akamai. So I think less of new customers, more of new service and substantially increased traffic from our existing customer base.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I think it's like it's always been. We've got a lot of competitors. The very biggest media companies will have a do-it-yourself effort in-house. Pricing is always important, very competitive there. The only I'd say major change has been over the last few years we've developed much closer and better relationships with many of the world's leading carriers, some of whom had large competitive or do-it-yourself efforts in the past and now have abandoned those efforts and decided to partner with Akamai. So that's been one, I think, change over the last few years, and that's been a favorable change. Akamai tends to have very strong share, and I think that's because of our quality, our scale, reliability, and affordability.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Today our security business is on the Internet, and it doesn't extend inside the enterprise. And as we look to the future, as enterprises move more into the cloud, they're moving out into the Internet. And I think it's important for us to move into the enterprise networks with our security capabilities, and that's what we're developing today. I think it's pretty speculative, but it could be a very large market for us. As you know, phishing attacks are rampant. You have data exfiltration happening, almost daily headlines of massive exfiltration attacks being publicized, and these are areas where I think we can help. And I think it potentially is a very large market for the industry as a whole, having cloud-based offerings that help defend enterprises against those attacks. And I think it could be a large area for Akamai several years into the future. Obviously, we're in development now. If we bring a product to market next year, you wouldn't expect revenue instantly. But as we look towards the end of the decade, we think that could be a large source of revenue for us, which of course is why we're making substantial investments there today.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I would say that the competitive environment is pretty steady, which means with media in particular and CDN, pricing steadily drops per bit delivered or per byte delivered. And it's always been that way and I expect it always will. And in fact, we're working hard in development, and this leads into the Octoshape acquisition and their multicast and their client assisted delivery capabilities in bringing technologies to market that have an even lower cost basis in addition to having much higher quality at the same time. So I would say that pricing is – the decline in pricing is pretty stable. The level of competition is pretty stable. Traffic rises at a pretty fast clip, and pricing drops at a pretty steady clip. And then you take the product of those, and that's been leading to our revenue growth in media, which can have small fluctuations up or down in any given quarter, but generally has been a strong grower for Akamai.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Octoshape has some really strong technology, first when it comes to ingress of live video where it comes from a single point, and that means you have a single point of failure. And so you really want to be sure that you get that live video stream at high quality, at high throughput, and there are no interruptions. And they have some very good communication protocols for that and some very good technology there. They also have some excellent client-side technology, which is used in the video players for both watching events on the Internet and also watching events inside an enterprise, and that technology allows you to do it at a lower cost point and also higher quality. They've been at this for a long time, and in our judgment have done some very special things that we are now integrating into the Akamai platform. Some are already benefiting us, and some will be part of our next-generation video solutions.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes, it's growing in the low to mid-teens. We'd like to see it grow faster, and we're putting a lot of development effort in terms of innovative capabilities around mobile acceleration. That's an area that's particularly challenged in terms of performance. And as you start to see the majority of use cases and transactions now moving to mobile, it becomes increasingly important to our customer base. You see the rapid adoption of mobile apps, and that's an area we're making investments in, and we would like to see that area grow faster.
Frank Thomson Leighton: The partnership is strong with Cisco. As you know, we launched, or they launched Akamai Connect, which is software, Akamai software that's on their new branch office router, and there is customer adoption there in their sales. The product works very well. I would say it's been a slow-ish start there. We'd like to see stronger adoption, and Cisco is actively working towards that.
Frank Thomson Leighton: With OTT, I would say there's a fair amount of uncertainty. Usually the build-out is at least a couple quarters ahead, and then you have to see – or the service is launched to the subscribers by the service, and it takes time for that, so it can extend beyond a couple quarters. At this point, we are engaged in purchasing CapEx and doing build-out for 2016. And it's hard to know exactly if and when the services get launched and the adoption takes place that drives the traffic. There is a lot of buzz out there. There is excitement. I think a lot of folks in the industry think that this is going to start happening more, but it's hard to say exactly when. And that's certainly outside of our control, but we want to be ready to support our customers as they make those decisions and as they do get adoption.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I think as a longer-term growth opportunity, it is very large for us. That's why we've been placing significant investments to develop products there. They're focused in two particular areas. The first is for enterprise networking to enable an enterprise to have greatly increased and improved connectivity into the branch offices, both using its WAN and also using the Internet, and also to be able to do that at a lower price point. Many enterprises today need 10X the capacity they've got into their branch office, maybe even more as enterprise employees need to access video, to access the web directly without having to go back through the WAN into the central data center. And as they increasingly rely on the Internet, they need it to perform really well to do their jobs effectively. And enterprise networking is very expensive, and this is an area where I think we can really help. And our first offer there is Akamai Connect. Actually it's offered by Cisco. And we are working on additional offers that we hope to bring to market next year to further improve the capability of enterprise networks to be faster, more reliable, more scalable, and more cost effective. The other area which we talked about a little bit before on the call is with enterprise security, and here there are two factors. One is the enterprise is a huge target today, people trying to steal confidential information, spread viruses, do very bad things, and we've all read the headlines of the consequences of some of those bad things. And the other aspect is that the enterprise is becoming more and more vulnerable because the employees are accessing the Internet more and more to do their jobs. And so as you access the Internet, you need to be able to secure the enterprise from attacks coming in through the Internet. This is an area where we've got great expertise and have enjoyed a lot of success with the Internet side of this with our Kona Site Defender, our web app firewall, stopping DDoS attacks. And what we want to do is now bring that capability into the enterprise, to defend the enterprise employee and the enterprise infrastructure against attacks. So whereas our existing products like Kona Site Defender defend an application from bad things happening, now we'd like to defend the enterprise and the enterprise employees from bad things happening. And so those are the two areas we're focusing on for our enterprise products in the future. And I think the markets can be incredibly large there, and they can be very important for Akamai as we move later in the decade.
Frank Thomson Leighton: It's been going well. We do have an overlay force, and we also train our existing sales force in security. And our goal is that every rep, whether you're a specialist or not, should be able to sell security. We're not there at 100% yet, but we have had good traction with security sales. And as you can see, being up 44% year over year off a number that included all of Prolexic was something that we were very happy with. And now going from near nothing a few years ago to over a $200 million trailing run rate, again, we're very happy with that. And that's a reflection on the success that the sales force has had in learning how to sell security. It takes a lot of effort, and not everybody has done it, but as a company we've had real success there, and that's great to see.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Okay, I'll take those. First, with DSA, DSA is a very successful product, and it has been growing substantially. Now what we're focusing on with DSA and with Ion Standard, which we launched last year, is making it much easier to use, making it be self- configurable so that it's a more rapid sales process and customers can buy more of it more easily. And with the Ion Premium offer, that's focused on really making it be super-fast. And as I mentioned before, we're investing heavily in the mobile environment, the cellular environment where it's especially hard to get good performance. And where that becomes a lot more important is you have more mobile apps more transactions going online to mobile devices. With OTT, looking forward, as I said before, it's really hard to say for sure exactly when the various packages and offers will be coming online and predict how fast they'll be adopted by subscribers. As we look forward to the future now, we are confident enough that we're making the investments. You start see that in our financials. And as we look towards the potential revenue, I think 2016 seems like a promising time, but there's risk there. It's just impossible to say exactly when these offers become available and how fast the adoption will be.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Okay. So I think there is some. It's not cannibalization per se. but as you see such great traction with security and it's the newer thing that yes, it does take more of our reps' interest. We've got a lot of focus on training there. And so I think it is possible that that's – you see such great growth there, and actually it's pretty respectable growth. We'd just like to see it better with the performance products and DSA. And in terms of the product refresh, we launched Ion Standard and Ion Premier at the end of last year. We've had strong adoption there. Ion Standard is all about ease of use, rapid adoption, self-integration, and then a situational awareness so it works in any environment, with websites, whether you're accessing it with a mobile device or off a desktop. And with Ion Premium, really focused on really fast performance; everything you can do to make the website be faster, front-end optimization, adaptive image compression, so a focus on the ultimate in speed. And as I mentioned before, there's a lot of focus now in development around other things we can do for mobile devices, especially in the cellular environment. So the product – DSA is an existing product we've had for a long time, great product. Ion Standard and Premier launched at the end of last year, and we're making improvements to those products now.
Frank Thomson Leighton: China is an important market for us, obviously a very large market, and for our customers it's important. So we do a lot of delivery into China for our customers that are based outside of China. We do a much smaller but reasonable amount of delivery from customers in China to users outside of China. An area that we've not really tapped into yet is for domestic delivery for domestic businesses in China. That's a large market, and it's a market we hope to explore with partners. And as you know, we've announced relationships with CT and CU, and we'd very much like to work with the major carriers and the major partners in the region that do have licenses. And that's really the only way we can go to market inside of China being a non-Chinese company.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I would say we're very happy with the relationships that we have and are establishing with the world's major carriers. We talked before about the competitive situation, and I think that's one area that there has been substantial change. You go back four or five years ago, and many of the world's leading carriers were either directly competing with us or they had a do-it-yourself effort that they were using as some kind of CDN. And many of them have now changed. The internal effort maybe didn't work out as well as they hoped, the competitive efforts weren't as successful as they had hoped, and they decided to partner with Akamai instead. And we've been very pleased to see the progress with those relationships as that's happened. I can think of one large domestic carrier that used to be very competitive with us and is now one of our largest resellers and a very happy partner with Akamai. And that's really critical I think as we go to the future because a lot of the people connect through the major carriers. A lot of the enterprise do their business through the major carriers, and it's great for us to have such a strong relationship with the world's major carriers.
James Benson: I'll take that. So as you can imagine, with the network CapEx build-outs that Tom referenced, that's going to pressure margins in the near term, in particular gross margins, but obviously that affects EBITDA as well. We think it's the right business decision, so you can expect that – last year I think we ended at 79% gross margin in Q4. Obviously we were at 77% in Q2. We will probably be in the 77% to 78% range for the foreseeable future. But we still plan to manage the company at the 40% to 41% level, which tells you we are going to continue to make investments in the business, across the business. We're going to continue to make investments in all the areas that we have been talking about. We'll continue to make investments in R&D. We'll continue to make investments in platform capacity. We'll continue to make investments in go-to-market. But we'll obviously be mindful of those investments and managing these investments within the context of the fact that we're doing pretty substantial build-outs now on the network side. So we are certainly mindful of that, but you can expect that we'll continue to make investments. And as I mentioned, for the foreseeable future, we expect to be in the 40% to 41% EBITDA range, but that does depend upon the things that I mentioned. It depends upon what happens with revenue volumes. It depends upon if there's an M&A that we think is opportunistic and the right decision for the company that that may be altered. But we're telling you what we see right now. And if we execute the plan that we currently have, I think that we can operate in those levels.
James Benson: I'll take that. I'm certainly not going to guide for Q4. But to give you little more color on Q3, as you mentioned, and you've followed the company for a while, we had a very, very strong media quarter last Q3. The media business last Q3 grew 7% from Q2 to Q3. It's never grown at those rates. Admittedly, we've told you that traffic volumes vary from quarter to quarter. Sometimes you get big gaming releases. Sometimes you get big software updates. Sometimes there's an introduction of new capabilities on social media platforms. And so that really affects traffic volumes. And so certainly for Q3, we're not expecting those same level of volumes that we saw last year. It's probably less the timing of a big software release because I don't think that it's necessarily just the timing of the releases; it's also the size of those releases. And so there's a bunch of factors that we've outlined in our Q3 guidance. I really would hesitate to give you Q4 guidance because a lot of things can happen in Q4 because of the holiday season. It's seasonally our biggest quarter, and we usually provide fairly wide ranges of revenue guidance in that quarter because it can be heavily influenced by holiday seasonality. But for the third quarter, you can expect the media business is certainly going to moderate because we expect traffic volumes. And to be clear, because someone is probably going to ask me this question, well is it related to some big renewal of a large customer? It's not driven by renewals of large customers. This is just driven by an expectation that traffic volumes are going to be more seasonally light, which is what we tend to see in Q3, and we haven't seen that in the last couple sequential quarters for Q2 to Q3.
James Benson: Yes, so year-over-year GAAP gross margins were down two points. Cash gross margins were down I think about a point. Certainly a point of that is depreciation. And as we mentioned, we've been doing some pretty substantive build-out of the network, so you can account for half of that. And as you can imagine, we've been doing very large build-out in the first half. And so as you deploy CapEx onto the network, you end up having a fair amount of incremental cost to actually get that CapEx deployed on the network. There are network build-out costs. There are resources that need to go provide installation of our CapEx into the various networks, and so we did see an uptick in that. And that's what lowered gross margins down a point on a cash basis, down two points on a GAAP basis. As you saw for the guide for Q3, we think we're probably going to hover around those levels. They're not going to worsen. If anything, they're going to be flat to up a point is what I guided. So that's where I see things in the near term, that we're probably going operate in the 77% to 78% cash margin range and probably in the 67% range for GAAP gross margins for the next few quarters.
James Benson: I'm not going to specifically comment on the Windows 10 release or any particular customer, but you can expect that we have a very close relationship with all of our large software download customers, and we have factored into our guidance an expectation from all of them. As you can imagine, with any release, the rate and pace of adoption of those releases varies. So it's not just the timing as far as when the release is provided, but it's the adoption of that release from the customers. And just to comment on Windows in particular, I think that's anyone's guess relative to – I would say enterprises are probably going to be much slower to introduce a Windows 10 release. I would say consumers, it's really a wildcard. But you can expect that we've included in our guidance an expectation of all software updates accordingly.
James Benson: We've been making, our sales force investments have been pretty much in all of our markets. I would say that we're already in a lot of call it the mature markets in Europe and the mature markets in Asia, so we're just fortifying our investments in those markets. But I wouldn't characterize it as I think that there's someone incumbent that's already been there and the opportunity is lessened. We certainly have competitors in every region. In some regions there are local regional competitors, but we wouldn't be making the investments outside of the U.S. like we have if we didn't think the market was there. We think that we're significantly underpenetrated in those markets, and we think there's significant room for growth there.
James Benson: Certainly, I mentioned that we did absorb the acquisitions in Q2, and so we have a full quarter impact in Q2. But in general for EBITDA, I would say my caution or my statements were more driven by making sure people have a consideration for what obviously is going to affect EBITDA; that we're making in particular some pretty significant investments in the network build-out which we believe are the right business decisions of the company. And while I believe we can operate the company in the 40% to 41% range, I also want to be mindful of the fact that we're not going to not make the appropriate investments in the business that we believe are the right business decisions for the company in the medium term and the long term. There are a bunch of things that can affect that, as you know. The media business in particular can have variability. And so if traffic volumes downtick a little bit, we're going to be at the lower end of that range. And I just want to make sure that I'm signaling that we intend to operate in the 40% to 41% range. There are variables that could affect that. I mentioned a couple of them. It could be network build-out being more substantive. It could be an M&A that we think is the right M&A. and if it is an M&A that is dilutive to the EBITDA model but we think is the right strategic decision for the company, then we're going to do it. But I'd say what we see right now, Michael, I think we can operate the company in the 40% to 41% range.
James Benson: I'll take that. I don't think the regulatory environment has anything to do with an expectation of our traffic growth rates whatsoever, so I'm not quite sure what you're referring to there. But I would say that we have certainly talked about a long-term model for the company is that we believe that we have an ambition to hit $5 billion by 2020. And if you do the math on that, it means you need to grow the company around 17% on a compound annual growth rate. And we have a pretty broad portfolio between media, web performance, security, and some of the new emerging areas with the carrier and also in cloud networking. We might not necessarily get the pieces right, but each of those areas are growing significantly that we believe the combination of them is more than enough from a market opportunity perspective to grow the company at 17%. If you look through the first several years of the decade, we've been able to do that. And our expectation is if we execute well that we're certainly not market opportunity constrained. This is about execution, and I think with the combination of offerings that we have that with good execution that I think that those aspirations still make sense.
James Benson: I don't know. I would say that it's all about rate and pace. You can see an uptick in that for a period of time. I think the media business does have variability, as we've said, so I think that could fuel the media business. And yes, I guess if you hit on all cylinders and the media business starts to accelerate because of over-the-top and we get an acceleration and continued growth in our Security and Performance businesses and we start to get traction in the newer emerging businesses, you could. We're not calling that because we know that across all of our portfolio we think there's enough that if you look at the – if you flawlessly executed against every single area, yes, we could. But I think what we're calling is in general, we think 17% on a compound annual growth rate is probably where our aspiration is. We'd love to do better.
James Benson: I'll take that. As I mentioned earlier, and I even mentioned it in our prepared remarks, traffic volumes are really driven by a bunch of things. But most notably they're driven by the timing and size of gaming releases, software updates, the introduction of new features on social media platforms. So it's not just the consumption of social media, but it's also the introduction of new capabilities that get offered. As well as obviously what Tom had referred to, which is beyond over-the-top, just ongoing video delivery services. And I would say last year, what you had, it was pretty much all year, to be quite frank. We had a four-for-four on all of those that every quarter there seemed to be some large chunky gaming releases, large software updates. We saw introduction, not just more people consuming social media, but introduction of new features on social media and continuing growth in video delivery. So across all those areas is what fueled last year's media business to grow 21%. So we've said you're probably not going to grow the media business 21% every year. We just grew the media business 16% in Q1 and 17% in Q2, so pretty darn healthy growth rates off of what were very strong growth rates last year. So we're very pleased with the growth rate in the media business. Yes, you're going to see a little bit of a moderation in Q3 of this year. I think we're not worried about it because traffic volumes can vary. I don't think the trends in what drives that business have changed. It's just you're going to go through a period here where it's just a little bit lighter than maybe it was last year. And as I mentioned earlier, someone else had asked, it's too early to call Q4 because a lot of things can happen in Q4. But I want to make sure we're clear that we are very bullish on the media business. And just because it's going to moderate here a little bit in Q3, I don't think it's a sign of the health of the business at all.
James Benson: I'll take that. It does obviously create a tough comp. The channel business is actually growing faster than our direct business, and it grew faster than our direct business this quarter as well.
James Benson: It's decelerating, but it's decelerating from I think a very, very high base. We signed up – all the partners that you mentioned, in particular the carrier partners, they're still our fastest growing channel. As I mentioned last year, one of the drivers of our growth rates last year in the channel was that in order to get some of these channel partners and carriers in particular, we ceded some of our direct customers to them. And so some of the growth rate that you saw last year was ceding them direct customers that they were actually able to grow even faster than we were able to grow on our own by expanding further offerings into them just based on their relationships with them. So yes, you're going to see a deceleration in the channel growth rates, but we're very pleased with the performance in the channel, and in particular pleased with the performance with our carrier partners in particular.
James Benson: No, no. I think our EBITDA range reflects the fact that if you're going to have a higher weighting of media revenue, you'll obviously potentially be at the lower end of that range, but our media margins actually are very, very strong, as I share annually. Media EBITDA, media free cash flow very, very strong for the company. So I don't think it changes. Plus we have to be careful that we're in 2015 and the model is 2020, and so a lot can happen between now and then. So yes, over-the-top is likely to gain traction, but we're hoping that we're going to gain traction in other areas as well. So I'm not prepared to call that our media revenue mix is going to increase exponentially because I think we have growth opportunities outside of media as well.
James Benson: I would say that we are continuing to make investments across the business, so it's not just sales. As you know, we've made very, very significant investments in the sales force over the last several years. And so you can expect that probably the rate of sales adds is going to moderate here, but you can expect that across the business we're going to continue to make investments in the business.
