James Benson: Sure. Let me clarify again kind of what we're doing here. So as we talked about over the last year, we've made tremendous progress on improving the hardware and software initiatives and implementing a bunch of hardware and software initiatives to actually manage our network more efficiently. We're actually getting more utility out of our servers. We've been watching that over a period of time. And actually, the useful life of our servers on the network is actually more in the range of 4 years than the current 3-year depreciation convention. That's why we're making the change because we believe we're going to be able to have these assets on the network for a longer period of time. And to your point or question around the impact, yes, it has about a 4-point impact on GAAP gross margins. So think of that as, if you look at the Investor Relations section of our website, that's about $14 million for the quarter. We actually provided what the impact is for the year as well. And if you look at that impact on an EPS basis, because you have to tax effect that, and so when you tax effect that, the EPS impact or benefit in the first quarter is about $0.05.
James Benson: Sure, that's a good question. So of our roughly $1.1 billion of cash, about $100 million is overseas. So actually, we have most of our cash is not overseas, which actually we're in an enviable position in that regard. But as far as the way we're looking at our capital and our capital structure, for sure, there are significant market opportunities in front of Akamai. And one of the things that we're looking at our balance sheet for and our cash position is to, first and foremost, see if we could put that cash to use in the form of M&A. And what you see us do in 2012 is we actually acquired 4 companies and spent over $300 million on acquisitions. So we will continue to be very active shoppers in the market across our various portfolios, we're going to be very disciplined buyers. And we're pretty much be looking not in any one particular area, but across where it makes sense to have a logical adjacency. So that's probably the first area to be put to use as far as the cash. The second area is we will continue -- as we've done before, continue with the buyback of stock to basically offset dilution from new equity. So that's really the approach that we're taking to the management of the balance sheet.
James Benson: Well, we didn't lose -- they were -- the ADS business was EBITDA positive. But let me just kind hit [ph] your question more directly, which we have been making investments in 2012 and we specifically made those investments very targeted at accelerating the pace of R&D innovation. And you've seen us introduce products in every single one of the company's product categories. And we're going to continue to make investments in R&D innovation going forward, they're going to be very focused on the areas that Tom had outlined, specifically, building out a security product more fully, expanding our carrier product solutions or our network operator solutions and actually going into an area of hybrid cloud optimization. So from an R&D perspective, we're going to continue to make investments in those areas. I'd say an area that we made some investments in 2012 but probably more in the back half of the year was around incremental sales capacity. There is significant demand and market opportunity for our offerings. And one of the things that I think we talked to you guys about before is that 40% of our business that is CDN-driven, that is more traffic-related, is not a sales resource intensive business. The 60% of our business that is cloud solutions is a transaction monthly recurring revenue business that does require sales capacity to grow. And so we are going to continue to make investments in sales capacity because we believe the market opportunity today are to reaccelerate our growth in our cloud solutions areas. So those are 2 very specific targeted areas. And the reason we're guiding kind of to be low 40s EBITDA is because we believe these are the right investments to make for the company for the, one, to deliver near-term potential for the company, and also to deliver what we believe is future growth potential in kind of some new adjacent markets.
James Benson: I think the main emphasis and change is around our security offerings and getting the reps in the field up to speed on selling that. We're very excited about the potential for security this year and going forward in the future. Otherwise, I would say, it's a pretty typical sales kickoff, and things are going well.
James Benson: Yes, I can comment a little bit about the kind of the rate and pace. So obviously, beginning in Q1, I would say the first half of the year is going to be more of an investment phase where both companies are going to be making an investment in the partnership. We're going to be investing in kind of channel resources to support them. They're going to be investing in sales resources to basically sell the kind of the Akamai product set. There's also some work that we're doing with them from an engineering perspective around building out some particular portal features that they're looking for. So the way to think about it is, it's an investment probably in the first half of the year. We'll begin to get some revenue streams probably for the latter half of the year. And our expectation is going into 2014, that they're actually going to go to be a very significant channel partner for us in the U.S., in particular.
James Benson: Yes, and I'll take your -- you're thinking about it the right way, Colby, that we made great progress last year on improving gross margins in our CDN business. And we're actually very confident that we can maintain the momentum that we've had in 2012 into 2013. So the way you're thinking about it is the right way that what's going to drive EBITDA margins to probably be in the low 40s is we're going to make very targeted investments in operating expenses. It's not -- I mean, I would say, it's going to be very heavily focused on sales and marketing and building out sales capacity and supporting go-to-market resources, but it's not going to be just in those areas. We're also going to continue to invest in R&D innovation in the areas that Tom had outlined. Certainly, the Veraview acquisition is but one example where you're going to see that we basically acquired 70-plus employees that you're going to see for -- and we will continue to add on top of that, one, to build out and accelerate our time-to-market for our network operators solutions. Two, Tom talked about security, we're going to continue to make investments in security R&D. We're going to make investments in hybrid cloud optimization. And we think that there's an opportunity for us to continue to innovate in the web performance area as well. So the area -- I would say the investments are going to be targeted towards incremental sales capacity and go-to-market investments. And because our solution sets also are very high performing and very complex, you also need a level of service infrastructure to support them, but we're also going to be investing in the R&D area as well.
James Benson: No, I'll take that. That's a good question. I mean, I think that it's coincidental. You're right that 2 years ago, we had a phenomenon in Q1 of 2011, where 8 of our top 10 media customers renewed. And it's now 2 years later, and the question is, is that because those customers are now up for renewal, and the answer is no. So we've not having that same effect. I think what you're seeing is just a consistent approach that Akamai is taking. It just happens to be there's a couple of maybe larger ones this quarter where we've looked at the relationship, we've looked at the economics of the business, we've looked at the strategic value of the customer and we've just decided that it's in the best interest of both parties for -- to wind down the relationship. So that's really the driver of kind of what's happening in the near term. I would kind of bring you back maybe to Tom's point earlier, which is there is huge opportunity for traffic growth with media customers. And so what you're seeing here is kind of a slight dip or wind down in these customers throughout Q1. Obviously, they'll be on the platform in Q1. They'll be off the platform in Q2. So you can kind of have an expectation of what's going to happen in Q2 as well. But we also have significant opportunity to continue to grow and penetrate and grow with customers that are of strategic value for Akamai and new customer acquisitions that meet the financial profile for the business.
James Benson: I'll take that. That's a very good question. So you're right, our cloud solutions growth kind of for 2012 organically. If you kind of separate out the benefit that the company received from the Cotendo acquisition, it was about 18% growth year-on-year, so very good growth rates. But as I mentioned earlier, what really fuels the growth of the cloud solutions business is sales capacity. It is highly attractive financial model because it has very, very high gross margins but -- and it has very, very low capital expenditures, but it does require operating expenses to grow. In particular, it requires sales capacity and it also requires service capacity, as well as some R&D innovation. So it's been a very healthy financial model. It's actually a more attractive EBITDA and then the company's kind of average EBITDA. But the way this -- the way the business works is you have to make an investment in the sales capacity, and it takes a while for the sales resources to become productive. And the way this business works, because it's a monthly recurring revenue business, once they ramp and become productive, you get them on -- you basically book a piece of business, we integrate them on to the Akamai platform and then they grow. So you have this lag period of time where you have investment in advance of accelerating revenue growth. So I think what you're going to see is that we think we can get the growth rates back in that business, back to the levels that they were, maybe in the 20-plus percent growth range but it's going to take some time for the sales capacity to become productive and then to turn them on to the Akamai platform and turn that into revenue. So it's not -- we're not gated at all by market opportunity. The market opportunity is huge, a significant demand for our solutions. What we need to do is we need to increase sales capacity to accelerate that growth, and it's going to take a little bit of time. So I think what we're signaling a little bit is, one, we're going to see the wraparound effect of the Cotendo acquisition, which will come up in March. And therefore, the comps become more difficult for the company, but we're making the right investments. We began making these investments in 2012 in sales capacity, and we're going to do more in 2013. And our expectation is that you should be able to see accelerating growth in that business going into 2014.
James Benson: I'll take that so -- because I don't think we really commented on the pricing, that's a good question. A couple of people have asked that. So the pricing environment in the CDN space, as Tom mentioned, has always been highly competitive. But we track it. And I've been with the company now for about 3 years, we've tracked it for the last several years around the pricing. It's been pretty consistent, the rate and pace of pricing. And pricing is declining, but kind of the bands of pricing erosion have really not changed materially. And actually, we don't expect that going forward, they will. We don't expect that they're going to worsen, and we don't expect they're going to get better. We expect them to continue at the rates they've been at. And so really growing the content delivery solutions business has really been about traffic. Right? If you can -- if you believe that the price component of it is going to be relatively stable, meaning that the pricing declines are going to be consistent with what they've been, it's a matter of traffic growth. And admittedly, that is a harder area for Akamai to call. We can call it pretty well in a 3-month period. But beyond the 3-month period, it's really a function of how successful our customers are with basically their products in getting traffic to their websites that we are serving. So certainly, in the near term, we're quite confident in the range that we've provided. I think there's huge opportunity, as more and more content moves online, as Tom outlined, that I would say, that the rate and pace of when that happens quarter-to-quarter is hard to see. I think we know over time, there's going to be an explosion of traffic. And as long as we can make sure that we're the platform of choice for the various companies that we're serving their traffic for, there's a significant opportunity for long-term growth for Akamai.
James Benson: Yes, what we had talked about when we made the Veraview acquisition in December was we actually said they would probably be about a $0.01 dilutive to our 2013 earnings. And the way to think about that is, that $0.01 dilutive to probably in the first half of 2013. What we're going to be able to do is get and accelerate our time-to-market with products in that space, get customers on basically a licensed CDN product. So that towards the back half of the year, what you're going to see is revenue that offsets that expense. But for the first half, it's probably slightly dilutive. But in the second half, you'll see it be breakeven.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, I think the message of protect and perform is unique in the marketplace, and it's being very well received. And we're seeing many accounts now where an enterprise will buy the solution driven by our ability to defend them against the cyber attacks and then also buy the web performance solution, the acceleration for their website. And it's a shift in our business that, traditionally, it's always been about performance for enterprises. Now the security aspect is often in the driver's seat and very important.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. Ion was launched in Q4, as you may know. And the initial results are positive, both in terms of offering greater performance, particularly in the mobile environment. As you know, mobile is really critical in the web going forward as the world moves to mobile. And also, in the uplift, we're seeing customers upgrade from DSA to Ion, in some cases, also with Kona for the security offering. And so we're seeing a very nice uplift in the revenues as we convert those deals. Now a key component of the new Ion solution, the first version, is front-end optimization. And that has a variety of capabilities to make the experience be really tailored to the device into the environment where it's operating. So for example, if you're in a congested network and you've got a small form factor device, we'll automatically adapt the images to compress them. So you still get a good picture, but a lot fewer bits are passing through the congested environment. So the front-end optimization has been very favorably received, especially in the mobile environment.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes. I think you go couple of years ago and mobile was barely an afterthought among folks with websites and applications. And today, it's mission-critical. As more commerce moves online and moves on to mobile devices, more business is done on mobile devices, performance now really matters. So you see the folks of websites are actually making special applications or sites for the mobile devices and now they worry especially about the performance there. And that's particularly important because mobile performance is often very bad. Some of studies say that if you look at the mobile Internet today, it performs sort of like the landline Internet performed 9 years ago. And we remember how bad that seems in comparison to today. So mobile acceleration is important. We have a special offering there of Aqua Ion for mobile, and it's doing very well.
F. Thomson Leighton: Yes, I'll take that. So I mean, we've always taken a disciplined approach to the management and pricing of our media business. So it really isn't a change necessarily. However, we don't view all customers the same. Some customers are of more long-term economic and strategic value to Akamai that we believe you can make an investment in. And then there are other customers that we don't believe are worth making that investment in. And I think what you're seeing us do is in a handful of cases where we're choosing to wind down a relationship and a contract with a customer because it doesn't have the economics that we're looking for and it isn't of strategic value long term for Akamai.
F. Thomson Leighton: Sure. I think that's a very exciting development for the company. As you probably know, AT&T has, for years, invested significant money and resources into building their own CDN, specifically to compete with Akamai. And so it's really great. That's a great validation of our platform, that they have decided to discontinue that. And they're standardizing their offerings today on the Akamai technology. They'll be a very valuable channel for us going forward, and we're very much looking forward to going forward to the market with them in 2013.
F. Thomson Leighton: I'll take the first question. The AT&T partnership is broad-based and, in fact, that's one of the advantages that AT&T saw in working with Akamai. Just having a CDN really doesn't cut it anymore. You need the advanced solutions and the road map for those solutions that really Akamai uniquely has. And I think that was the key factor why AT&T chose to abandon the internal efforts and to decide to standardize their offerings with Akamai.
F. Thomson Leighton: Well, Paul's job, which he did extremely well, was to lead us past the $1 billion. My job is to lead us past $5 billion. And my strategy is going to be to use our very strong cash flow and market position, the unique capabilities of our platform and our ability to innovate to develop new businesses in security, in carrier products and in hybrid cloud optimization, all of which are adjacent markets, new markets for us with very large potential. We're also going to work to improve the growth of our web performance business, as we talked about, in part, by improving performance with a special focus on mobile. Of course, a lot of business is moving to mobile, as you know. And also, by growing our sales capacity, as Jim talked about, that's really vital for that business. We're also making a special effort going forward on making our services easier to integrate and easier for our partners to sell and deploy, with the goal of growing the share from our channel partners. And of course, in media, as we talked about, there's always been a large potential for growth. The traffic always grows at rapid rates, and the key there is to have quality at scale at very low cost. And so we're continuing to work on reducing the cost of our media business. I might add that Paul and I worked together for many years. We share the same vision, and I look forward to working with him in his new role as Executive Vice Chair of the board.
F. Thomson Leighton: Sure. Our competitive landscape varies depending on the business you're talking about. In media, as we talked about, of course, it's a highly competitive landscape, lots of competitors, and there's always pricing pressure there. And it's all about growing the traffic and providing a lower cost of service that we can grow that business profitably. In the web performance business, it's a different situation. The primary competition is do-it-yourself. Our customers see tremendous value in our service because as we make their applications and sites be faster, they get a higher ROI, higher conversion rate, more use of their site. And so we are the fastest out there. We're the most reliable and the most secure, and that has real value to our customers. Now that said going forward, we're making our services even better, to set even a bigger gap between us and the competition to grow that business going forward. If you look at the security space, you have a different set of competitors. You have carriers can offer solutions. You have the cloud washing companies, and you have companies that will sell a device you stick in your data center. Now this is an exciting area for us because none of those solutions can protect the major enterprises against the big attacks. Akamai is unique in its capacity and its ability to do the packet inspection and filtering out of the edge. And really, that's the only way to defend yourself against the large attacks. That's why you see [indiscernible], for example major banks, don't have Kona Site Defender made headlines because you have a large-scale attack and all those cloud washing solutions, boxes and carrier solutions simply can't work once the attack gets to the data center. You go into the carrier operator solutions, different set of competitors, again. And hybrid cloud is sort of a new space moving forward, where, again, I think we're in a unique position because we can leverage the Akamai platform and connect it to software we're placing in the branch offices and in the retail stores to accelerate the performance they see for all of their applications, be it in the private network and the public network or in SaaS, and to offload the connection into that branch office, which is often very expensive. So the competitive landscape is variable, but I think Akamai is very well positioned going forward.
F. Thomson Leighton: Thank you very much. We look forward to seeing you all at our Investor Day on March 11 in Cambridge.
