Paul Sagan: Well, I think you ought to think about them over the next few years because these are emerging opportunities. Ericsson is a new relationship in a new space. That will take longer. We think IBM, as you know, is a long-standing partner, long-standing, one of our best. Resellers, we think this is additive probably over a shorter timeframe to our business.
Paul Sagan: We have them all the time. I think the point we made was that an unusual number had all run into each other at one time in the last quarter, but customers generally cycle through in a pretty regular basis distributed across the year. The change in this case was a number that all collided at year-end for once.
Paul Sagan: Michael, it's Paul. Let me take the second one. We cannot give guidance and give you guidance so we're going to stick to our policy. We were very pleased with where the quarter came in and now we have to do it again. On traffic growth, you've heard us talking about sort of these major inflection points that create more difficult year-over-year comparisons. When you hit one of those accelerations which we certainly saw in '09 and '10, I think we're seeing normal growth which still means there's more and more use of the Internet. We sort of see these cyclical accelerations for things that catalyze people to do more and businesses to do more. There a little hard to predict but we seem to be in this never-ending increase in the use of the Internet to deliver media content, which I think where your question is around. I think we're continuing -- we are seeing continued expansion of use of our network, larger audiences, bigger events, larger distribution of media, higher and higher quality, and it continues to grow. It just doesn't grow at the same pace all the time.
Paul Sagan: No. I think, on the overall business you're seeing that part of the business is a diminishing share, which I think is great for the long-term trends of diversification and high-value services. And we've seen a lot of -- in addition to the top broadcasters, top media companies, top studios, the emergence of the social network sites is just one example of a new category of provider that it wasn't a top 50 player five years ago, our top 10, top 20 sites in many geographies, not just North America. So I think there are lots of positive trends of certain kinds of diversification why you consider continue to see other consolidation, and I know all the big broadcasters continue to be major providers of content growing their online audience.
Paul Sagan: Generally, as we've talked about it, we've talked about how it's led to new business for us as people have put things in the cloud providers and then realize that what they're really doing is essentially hosting content and then worried about performance or availability. And so we actually have sold to a lot of their customers, when what they care about is performance and scale. We don't provide pure hosting, and that's really an offer for an alternate for the housing market, so that's generally how the conversations have gone for us.
Paul Sagan: Certainly. Well, the demand of video over the Internet is becoming a majority of Internet traffic for a lot of carriers. I think the point that at least we've tried to make is that the majority, the vast majority of video entertainment content in the home is still over traditional delivery methods like cable or satellite, so we think that there's at least from our perspective, a great deal of growth opportunity of IP video into the home which today I'm seeing the latest numbers, but for a long time was just at that kind of even 1% number, almost trivial. And so we think there's a lot of opportunity for growth long-term in that space, if that's what you're talking about.
Paul Sagan: I think the key is, I think sometimes jump to deceleration, people believe that we're suggesting that it's shrinking. We've never suggested it's shrinking. How fast is it growing and it's growing at some years, doubling or more, really incredible rate. Partly that's -- we get these, some of these stair steps in quality where the same five minutes would have moved much more data because people have moved from standard-def to HD, then sometimes it's moved from sort of a short attention span video which was the Web of five years ago or more, the longer form, which we've started to see at some long-form libraries, both TV shows and movies that come online. But again, in many cases, the vast majority of the premium content isn't even available, at least not legally over the Internet. So there are a lot of factors that tend to either drive the acceleration or buffer the pace of growth. We've always seen it grow and it's pretty dramatic rates. The question is -- sometimes we've just seen it skyrocket in that I don't think that's a realistic pace. It's sort of a [indiscernible] to say, that's steady-state, because we've never been into the steady state in 10 years of growth of video. If you go back to the earliest sort of poster stamp video of a decade ago, now delivering HD movies or entire sporting events. There have always been greater and lesser periods of those growth rates.
Paul Sagan: We see a pretty a wide variety of video customers in almost every major geography around the world, so we think we have a pretty good view of it but we certainly won't speak for everybody else. They'll have to talk for themselves.
Paul Sagan: I think it's one of those things that will be another great indication of the power of online video, but because of the short duration and everything and because we're close to $300 million of quarterly revenue, it's a pretty immaterial impact now.
Paul Sagan: We're seeing largely the same trends there. I think our business in international overall is a little more weighted towards the volume side, but the trends underneath that are very similar, and we're getting -- we're pretty pleased with traction of our value-added solutions outside the U.S. as well. One caveat to that is, our Advertising business at least to date is a U.S.-only focused business, so that's a big part of the mix difference as well.
Paul Sagan: I think the real question is what's the growth in traffic? The Internet video business is pretty similar to, in many ways, television. You get slower audiences in the summer, we have new releases in libraries in the fall, the advertising market is so driven by late Q3 and Q4 and that's fuels a lot of the media because most of the businesses today still have an advertising or an exclusive advertising-driven component. That's the pattern that we've seen pretty much year-in year-out except when we had this huge inflection from the recovery of the economy over a year ago. So that's a pattern we expect. I think J.D. reminds you of the three things that we said we wanted to look for this year. We've seen two, and the third one only plays out when we get to the second half. I think we have history with us but it's a little hard to know. We're very optimistic about what we've seen in the customer reaction and the kinds of conversations we've had and the continued growth in signings, particularly as a value-added and that we maintain that we're well positioned with top providers on the volume side, both on the media side and the software delivery side, and then it's a little bit about how do their businesses play out and what do we see. But I think they're planning for growth and we think we've set ourselves up very well in those accounts to see the normal patterns that really benefited us pretty much year-over-year throughout our history.
Paul Sagan: We're starting to see traction on the security side, I would say greater traction today on the Denial of Service side because that's such an obvious threat to people. We saw really high-profile disruption of businesses in the second half of last year, so those are kind of ready, willing and able conversations with CIOs and their security teams, but we're very optimistic about that whole portfolio of security opportunities, and we're having some really good conversations with some companies today around things like Edge Tokenization.
Paul Sagan: Yes. So we definitely are hiring. I think we only added 25 or 30 people across the whole business in Q1 after adding almost 500 people last year. So the hiring happened more slowly than frankly we anticipated. But I think that's more of a timing of a rate and pace. We haven't really changed our investment plans or objectives for the year.
Paul Sagan: No, those are -- the basic value proposition is there. We continue to add a number of networks. Actually I think that we're seeing more newfangled networks out there in the value proposition hold, and so I think that no basic change in that pattern for many years of building really strong relationships.
Paul Sagan: Operator, as we go to the next question, folks, if you could stick to the new, new questions so that we can get everybody on the queue, that would be great.
Paul Sagan: Well, I guess I sort of disagree with the thesis. We've been talking for years about live sporting events as one of the marquee things, both ad supported and subscription behind subscription wall supported done by the league, done by broadcasters. We've just talked about March Madness, I mean that has become an every-year. Compared to the major golf tournaments, they're -- we've worked with virtually every major sports league both on highlights and then live games. Many of the cable networks, sports and otherwise have been doing both live events or live news as another example. So those are positive things and good for our business, but I don't perceive a fundamental change there at all. I think what we're going to just see is more of the same meaning, more long-form, more high-quality, more premier events online but I don't think it's a dam-breaking, I think it's an encouraging continuum.
Paul Sagan: Well, full site delivery, geo-location, mobile, the ability to deliver i-devices and other mobile devices, security, Denial of Service protection from these sites who get attacked. Media, we have a suite of media analytics products that many of those customers are now using. So there's really a whole range of things that we can bring value to those relationships, particularly as they scale and they become profitable things for them and not marketing and so therefore real businesses are on the line. I think we continue to see good traction with a whole range of those things.
Paul Sagan: No, I think J.D. just made it a point that no, we're not going to -- we will certainly grow but not at nearly that rate. We're really catching up with the demand coming out of the recession and we'll continue to grow but not at the same pace.
Paul Sagan: So, at the risk of generalizing, I think particularly in the Asia-Pacific region outside of Japan, which is a little bit of a more mature market, we're seeing very good growth, and in fact, those areas are the fastest-growing part of our business, and I think there's tremendous opportunity and potential to keep growing there.
Paul Sagan: And I understand on -- we've always talked about Public Sector as lumpy, and as J.D. said, I think we're in the right place because there's so much emphasis on moving online government services to the cloud, and we allow them to do that at scale very efficiently with high security. And on the high-tech side, I think the most important thing there is the shift to supporting SaaS offers and we've talked a lot about and we continue to see that trend. And just remind you, we've talked before that last year Q1 was unusually strong with the release of an unusually large number of antivirus updates that we didn't think would repeat this year because it was really way out of the norm last year and drove some kind of outsized performance. Q1 of last year, which was one of the reasons that made a harder year-over-year compare of the seasonality, it helped mask the usual Q1 seasonality, and we went back to kind of a normal step there. We expect to see the amount of download traffic to grow on our network. It's a very volume-oriented business, much more price-sensitive. I think that that's probably kind of a normal growth, but we're not going to give you guidance by that specific vertical we've talked about. Really the vertical projections on an annual basis when we get to our Analyst Day and the trends we see there, but underscore that I think the main trend there is described as software as a service and now that's tipping the whole delivery of software and updates of software and really processing of that online, which is a good long-term trend for us.
Paul Sagan: I'll be clear. We never gave you full year guidance. We give you an outlook last year, the general trend that where we thought we would go and we said we give you specific guidance on a quarter-by-quarter basis. As J.D. and I both said, there were three main drivers this year, two have proven out already positively for us that we're optimistic about those, and the other is really traffic growth, the seasonal traffic growth in Q3 and Q4. We think we're set up with our clients but there's no way to know how that and the ad business plays out exactly.
Paul Sagan: We're not commenting on it. You've interpreted that I think at the same call. We said we don't give guidance for the year. We've talked about an outlook that we get -- we've set for the last year when we're trying to frame a long-term plan, and that's really our comment on it. And I know everybody would like us to turn that into an update on annual guidance on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We stopped doing that years ago, and we're simply not going to do it.
J. Sherman: Yes, Mark, that was largely -- most of the big renewals that we talked about last quarter were in the U.S. In fact, almost everyone of them was in the U.S. So that was the biggest impact. And then, of course, on a sequential basis, our advertising business is a U.S. business so that drives some of the sequential decline there.
J. Sherman: Yes, sure. I think the answer to the latter question, it was probably just in the sort of $1 million, $1.5 million range on what we didn't spend in Q1, and that really just a matter of timing, nothing unusual there. And then on your question on the margins, yes, that's what led to the step down. We obviously reset some of those contracts. Traffic growth was still there, and so that's what created the step down, and probably thinking Q2 we'll see sort of a leveling out of the cash gross margins.
J. Sherman: When we talked about those renewals, I don't think there was any sort of a step up in the rate and pace of price declines, although, as we talked about for a while now, it's a very competitive space out there, especially in the volume-driven solutions. So I think obviously, competition has something to do with it, but we're not really seeing any dramatic change in the rate and pace of price decline.
J. Sherman: Yes. So we had -- we did about 45% EBITDA margin in Q4, and we had a lot of expenses associated with the year-end, with sales commissions, et cetera. So we saw a step down on our operating expense from Q4 to Q1. That was pretty dramatic, $10 million. It's a little bit more than we anticipated. We also got to the high end of our revenue range, which was helpful to the EBITDA margin. What we're trying to do is make sure that we're investing in the long-term growth initiatives that some of the things that Paul referenced, and that involves a little bit of a catch-up from Q2. But also we're just ramping our hiring and also we have a salary increase that happens effective basically April 1. So that's what's driving the EBITDA from quarter to quarter since the gross margin is relatively stable with that revenue -- I'm sorry, is that OpEx growth.
J. Sherman: Yes, I think we've got a positive mix benefit but the renewals that we took in the Q4 and Q1 time frame took our pricing down for some of our biggest customers and particularly in the media space. And so the offset to that mix benefit was that -- were those big renewals.
J. Sherman: Yes, we don't generally give any sort of guidance by vertical. I think what you see in general happening in the business is still very strong traction in all of our value-added solutions, and we're particularly pleased with that given the size of that business is getting larger and larger, so it's coming off of a larger number. And the verticals such as Commerce and Enterprise, which are heavily weighted towards value-added solutions, we're seeing very good growth there. This quarter, we saw a 25%, 30% growth in those verticals. On the other hand, we did -- we are seeing a bit of a moderation in the rate of traffic growth after very big growth numbers in 2010, and that's impacting the rate of growth of our volume business and the verticals that are weighted towards those businesses, Media and Entertainment and High-tech in particular, we're seeing a bit slower growth now than we saw last year. So hopefully, that helps.
J. Sherman: I would say, not to give guidance but just the way we're thinking about the year and talked about it last quarter is there's sort of three elements to it: One, we wanted to get off to a really solid start to the year; number two, we want to keep getting traction with our value-added solutions; and then number three, we want to see volume growth in the back half of the year triggered by some of these big renewals that we executed on in first quarter. I think we're really pleased with the start to the year, so that's a good point. We're really pleased with the traction in our value-added solutions. The open issue remains to be seen is what happens with volume growth.
J. Sherman: That was the question I answered in the first quarter of last year is that absolutely, we'll exit the year at 60%, only to fall well short because the volume business really took off. So certainly that business is on track to grow faster than the volume side of the business. But what we've seen as Paul is just sort of referencing is that the volume business has been a little bit more cyclical based on these trends we see in overall volumes, and what happened last year was that business actually accelerated and for a while it was growing as faster, faster than our value-added solutions. So I think I'm a little shy to answer that question in absolute affirmative, I would say it depends on how rapidly we see traffic growth accelerate in the back half of the year. But I think over time as we think out two to three years, I think that our value-added solution business becomes a larger portion of our business.
J. Sherman: I do think that what you see is periods where traffic's growing faster than sort of the normal trend line and periods where it's growing a bit slower, and if you look on a year-over-year basis, last year, throughout the year, and really starting in Q3, Q4 of 2009, we saw an acceleration in traffic growth. I think, as Paul was referencing, the primary driver there was our customers going from kind of 300, 500 kilobit-type quality up to 1 meg, 2 meg per second close to HD quality, and I think that, that trend, we're still going to see quality levels increase over time, but that inflection point which we're sort of through. So basically, what happens is that the volume growth is still growing but it has moderated somewhat, and there's a little bit of discontinuity. In general, over time, volumes grow and prices decline. It's been the way it has for our business for 12 years, but it's not always in a smooth, straight line. I think our customers are thinking about, when we talk to them, about increasing not only the quality levels but the quality of the content that is online, and they're positioning their businesses and their business models to do more and more of that over time, and I think that's a very positive development for us. And when we're having discussions with our customers about what their volume projections are out in the future, that's what they're thinking about and they're thinking about it from a business perspective in how we can help them there. So the other point I'd make on that is the value-added solution growth that we saw even in the Media and Entertainment vertical where the video volume growth trends are really important. Sequentially, even though that vertical declined from Q4 to Q1 as we expected, sequentially that -- the volume -- the value-added solutions grew 7%, and they make up 35% plus of that vertical now. So even in the verticals where volume-driven solutions are very important, we're getting traction without value-added solutions.
J. Sherman: I would just say, sports, particularly live sports has been one of the business models that's worked for really the longest period of time. I think what you're seeing is, our customers -- basically consumers demanding more of that online and our customers responding to that, and that's very positive. I think the point we were making before is in addition to that, we're starting to see new models that open up even more premium content to users over IP and over a lot of different kinds of devices.
J. Sherman: I mean, I think if you look at the data, we are growing in about 23% in the fourth quarter as well, and we have been growing in the low 30s before that. And the key difference between the rest of 2010 and the fourth quarter was you had a wraparound of a full quarter of AD, of our advertising decision solutions. That was the first fourth quarter, that was a full year-over-year comparison. So I think that was the primary driver for the step down in growth.
J. Sherman: Let me -- I'll do the Public Sector and maybe Paul can comment on or add to that on high-tech. So I don't think it's as much the spending in Public Sector, although obviously that's something that we have to worry about. I do feel like, even in the Public Sector where our business is, is a place that you'll see investment, particularly around Denial of Service-type solutions in some of the custom that we do. Our growth rate has slowed there off of what was a really tremendous 2010, and really what drives that vertical is our custom engagements that we do and the timing rate and pace of those is going to go bounce up and down. That's not as much of a continuous trend as maybe some of our other verticals, but I still think it's a very strong business for us. It's one where not only do we drive revenue growth but we develop technology, so it's one that we're really pleased with the performance of and do you want to comment...
J. Sherman: I think it's fair to say we still have an objective, and I think as Paul just talked about, the three areas that need to happen for us to achieve that objective, and I think we may -- I think Q1 was pretty positive on that. We just have to wait and see on the volume piece.
