Tom Leighton: Thanks, Ed. I'll wrap up now on Slide 28. As I mentioned earlier, Akamai has had a rich and exciting history of innovation that has fundamentally enabled the Internet to provide enormous benefit to billions of people around the world. We are truly making life better for billions of people, billions of times a day. As incredible as Akamai's contributions to the Internet have been, I want you to know that I couldn't be more excited about Akamai's potential for the future as we expand our business with Linode and Guardicore, provide even greater value for our customers and shareholders and make life even better for Internet users everywhere. Ed, Adam and I will now be happy to take your questions.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Good questions. Obviously, we've done 2 large deals, the largest deals we've done in about 20 years over the last several months. I wouldn't expect to see us continue at that rate, certainly. We probably will do more tech tuck-ins and smaller acquisitions. In terms of the buyback, our primary use of cash is for M&A and to buy back equity to offset the dilution from compensation programs. Now as I mentioned, that said, we do also opportunistically buy back additional stock. And if you look over the last 10 years, it's averaged a little more than 1% a year. And so I think our general approach to use of capital is not changing here.  Just we saw 2 exceptional opportunities, first with Guardicore and now with Linode. Guardicore really is a huge boost to our enterprise security business, Zero Trust capabilities. We believe they have the best solution to stop the impact of ransomware. And that's a huge, huge deal. And you see that in the improved guidance we've given. And just we closed the deal a few months ago, and we're looking at this year then of doing $30 million to $35 million and now, as you heard from Ed, substantially more than that. And I can tell you from talking to many of our customers, many of the world's major banks, they are very interested in what Guardicore can do, both the visibility it gives customers into their own networks and the ability to mitigate the impacts of ransomware. Now in terms of the durability of revenue growth from Linode, in the past, they were doing 15%. I think Ed and Adam talked about, we think we can do a lot more than that. Just consider that Linode doesn't really have a sales force, never mind a sales force like Akamai has going after major enterprises. And you combine that with the fact that our major enterprise customers have wanted us to have this capability for them. So we think we can really accelerate their growth and that it could well be that the 30% is sustainable. We're certainly going to try to do that. And if we're successful there, you can see Akamai as a whole back in double-digit revenue growth on a more sustainable basis, and that's certainly our goal.
Tom Leighton: I'll start with that and then hand it over to Ed. We're very pleased to see our security business grow 25% in constant currency. You talk about SASE, and that is a very small portion of our business today. In fact, SASE technically wouldn't even include micro-segmentation. I would imagine that's going to change in the near future because it's so important and it's going to become a requirement, I believe, for many of the world's major enterprises, certainly in the financial vertical. So the SASE framework is a small amount of Akamai revenue. And with Guardicore growing rapidly, the vast majority of our security revenue is the web security area, where we're protecting, think of it as B2C apps, from denial of service, from content corruption, from account theft, from data exfiltration, those kinds of attacks, which technically isn't part of the SASE framework. And so what you would think of is maybe more towards a SASE. We're getting very good growth on a small number. And of course the lion’s share of our security business is in the web security, API protection, where we're the market leaders and growing at a very fast clip on a good size number for us. And Ed, maybe you want to take the rest of the question.
Tom Leighton: And I just would add, our customers have been pretty explicit with us that they are very interested in us having this capability. And putting it together with the world's best content delivery capabilities, the world's best application performance and the world's best security solutions to provide an end-to-end solution. So I think you will not see this be a situation where they migrate from, say, a Linode to a Hyperscaler. But our customers are interested in alternatives and end-to-end solutions that -- maybe there are some functions on hyperscalers today that I think would migrate to Akamai's new cloud platform. We'll be the world's most distributed cloud platform with now market-leading solutions in not just delivery and security but also compute.
Tom Leighton: Well, the traffic measured by bytes delivered is 95-plus percent big media and software downloads, gaming downloads. That's the vast majority of the traffic. That won't change with Linode. In fact, I would expect we'd be selling compute services to those same big media customers. In fact, several of them have expressed interest in that capability. So Linode won't change our traffic mix. And when we get together at IR Day, we'll do the deep dive in each of these categories to get a better feel of how the revenue is breaking down.
Tom Leighton: I'll start with that and then turn it over to Adam. You want to think of Akamai's platform is hierarchical. There's a core where functions such as storage would live, where there's dozens of locations for archive storage, migrating out all the way to the edge, where there's 4,000 PoPs, where most of our capabilities live today. Something else that's closer to the core in dozens of locations would be the Prolexic service. But things like delivering video, delivering software, accelerating your bank statement and most of all, the security other than Prolexic all live on the very edge out in 4,000 locations. EdgeWorkers lives out there too. EdgeKV lives out there. And Linode starts in the core in 11 locations, and we'll be expanding that quite a bit, and it will all be integrated together as part of one hierarchical platform. And then maybe, Adam, you could get a little bit deeper into that in terms of the software stack and so forth.
Tom Leighton: Think of Akamai as providing Internet connectivity to enterprises. That's not our business. We -- that's our partners' business. Now we do provide clean access so that an enterprise can sort of hide behind Akamai. And only Akamai can come through so that they maintain safety and security for their data centers. So we do that, but we're not -- we don't provide base connectivity. That would be our partners, which would be the carriers.
Tom Leighton: Yes. When you think of scale, there's a it. One is just how many servers do you have. Obviously, we have a lot. But the way we think about scale is more in terms of being distributed. And none of the hyperscalers come anywhere close to us in terms of being in 4,000 PoPs and having a real edge network. Now what we haven't had before is the managed VM, managed container services. And our customers have asked for that. That's been the one missing piece on our platform. Because customers for many of their apps would like to take the entire app, build it on Akamai, run it on Akamai, deliver it through us, where they know they get fabulous performance, instant scalability, where it becomes relevant to do so to have the edge computing really done on the edge and then to have it all be secure so that we can provide the end-to-end service. And so that's why we're doing this. And in some cases, there may be some -- of course, we've been competing with the hyperscalers for 15 years, and I think that will continue. And I think the hyperscalers themselves, several of them are our largest customers. And several of them are already using us for our compute capabilities, and I expect that to increase with the acquisition of Linode. And so it's an environment where we compete, of course, have and for many years and successfully. And what we do, we do really well. And that will be taking an application, making it easy to build and deploy on Akamai and then to have the world's best performance, scalability, global reach and security. And that's where Akamai excels. And that's the goal in making this acquisition is really to complete that story to be able to have the end-to-end capability to handle their applications.
Tom Leighton: I think both. There's things that we do today at a level that the hyperscalers don't do. I mean they have competing services, but in many cases, the hyperscalers use us and use our services for their own properties even though we compete with them. I do expect us to be partnering with, well, certainly many of the world's major carriers and white labeling our services. Of course, the carriers are major channel partners with us today, and I think that will increase through the acquisition of Linode because they've had an interest in being able to offer that kind of capability, and now it comes hand-in-hand with, well, the whole solution all put together.
Tom Leighton: Well, obviously, ransomware is a big problem. And we believe that Guardicore has the best solution. It is easier to use than competing solutions, and micro-segmentation has a reputation for being really hard to implement and inflexible. It gives you great visibility in terms of what's going on in your network. Customers have really appreciated that. It's really important with security. And they have a solution that works with legacy systems that the competition doesn't have. They have built their own custom firewall. And the competing services will have to rely on the existing firewalls and whatever operating systems being used by a particular application and, in some cases, doesn't even exist and so they can't cover it. So it's the best solution and to a big problem that's rapidly growing. And so we've seen very strong interest in our customer base. And of course, we have a very large enterprise sales force that now can bring Guardicore into the large banks and the large enterprises, and the initial reception has been very strong. So yes, I'm very excited by their performance this year, and I'm looking forward to substantial growth in the future.
Ed McGowan: Sterling, this is Ed. Thanks for the question. So before the acquisition, they were growing at about 15%, give or take. The bigger customers were growing faster. And they were sort of containing their growth a bit. It was a very closely held company. So they were holding back a bit on their investment in go-to-market and their build-out. So obviously, that's one of the major synergies we bring. So we think we can accelerate that business pretty considerably. Now when I talked about the different components of the business, if you take the net storage business plus the edge applications business plus where Linode is, assume I talked about how we grew the edge applications business 30%. And if you remember back on Investor Day, that was our long-term target. Our net storage business, as it is today, is kind of a flattish business, kind of grows like the CDN. We expect that to obviously accelerate as we add new capabilities. And then the Linode business should accelerate quite a bit.  So if you were to put those pieces together, and I talked about in '23 that I expected that we would be above $500 million in revenue, that sort of gets you to that 30% to 35% kind of growth rate in that business once you get through the acquisition.
Ed McGowan: Yes. That's a great question, and I'll ask Adam to chime in a little bit here as well. Obviously, we're getting into a very, very big market. And what pushed us into this market was our customers. We were getting more and more requests for folks to -- continue to come with different use cases. Ourselves, we're spending quite a bit on third-party cloud today, whether it's through acquisitions or through IT projects. Just the overall growth of this market is so significant that we think there's certainly the market there to do that.  I'll let Adam talk a little bit about some of these plans in terms of future integration and the growth prospects going forward. But it's quite possible that, that could be a durable growth rate going forward for that business.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Sure, Keith. And just to add on that, if I just look at the financial profile of the business we just acquired, think about getting up to that sort of scale of revenue, the type of investment you need to make, how long it will take you to get there. It's rare that you find companies that have profitability margins like we do. So to be able to bolt that on, it's immediately accretive, gets us to market much faster, there's a brilliance to the simplicity in terms of how they approach and how simple it is to use their system. That's an expertise that we're acquiring as well. So there's a lot to like about that. Now in terms of the margins. So there's a couple of things going on there. One of the points that I made in my prepared remarks was about foreign exchange. That's a big headwind for us, and we're very profitable outside the U.S. So that does put a little bit of pressure on margins for us. But also, we're making investments. And keep in mind, you have the full Guardicore business. We only had about 2 -- a little over 2 months in the first -- in the fourth quarter. So in the first quarter, we have full Guardicore and we -- cost in the business. And you've got, in the middle of the year is when we do our merit increase. That said, 2 things to point out. Number one, we're going to be -- I said we do about 30% in Q1. We've done very well managing costs. And then we also told you when we did the acquisition of Guardicore that in '23, we'd expect to get above 30% margins again. So will it be expanding margins? Might be slightly under 30% this year. As I said, somewhere between 29% and 30%, but we anticipate to get back above that in '23.
Ed McGowan: This is Ed. I'll take that one. So yes, as far as the renewals go, as we've talked in the past, whenever we have a combination of renewals, we'll always call it out for you guys. Here's what I would expect with that group of customers: typical renewal pricing, nothing unusual in terms of anything in the market to call out there. I'd expect that group of customers to decline a bit in Q1, decline a bit in Q2 because like about half of the renewals already done. I got about half coming up here in April. And then I would expect that revenue to start to grow again. It's pretty typical of what you see in the CDN business when you have a cluster of renewals. Now those customers have varying contracts. Some of them are 1 year, some of them are 2, some of them are 3, and some of them have revenue commitments that will be used up before the contract is over. So it's very unusual to have this sort of a cluster. So that will put some pressure on growth here for the next couple of quarters, but then I expect that customer group to grow. They've been very busy buying up our security products, our compute product. I expect now they're great targets for the new acquisition we just picked up here. So I expect to expand the wallet share within those group of accounts. And this is just something that's pretty typical in the CDN business. And where we're seeing the pricing pressure is on the delivery side. We're not seeing it in the Security side, not seeing it at Edge. We're seeing it just in delivery. As far as the pandemic, we are starting to see a little bit of improvement in travel and hospitality. And as a reminder, that group was about 4% of our total revenue. I think that will sort of ebb and flow with how the pandemic goes. As we start to have these waves of new variants, travel slows down, as it goes away, travel picks up. Retail is still a bit sluggish, not really seeing a significant improvement. And just remember, we had set up a 0 overage, and the biggest acquirers of that type of contract are the retailers, especially in the U.S. So you see a little bit of a muted seasonality here in Q4 related to retail. But still some way to go here on retail. Travel is improving a bit. And in general, as we get past these renewals, you'll start to see the delivery business improve a bit.
Ed McGowan: Yes. That's what we're going to do. On Analyst Day, we'll have a deep dive on that. What I'll do is I'll provide -- I provided this metric before in terms of the number of customers that buy a security product, that's up to 68.5%. So that's up about 6% year-over-year. 2 or more is up to 34.5%. That's up about 3%. 3 or more is up to 20%. And we increased our customer base by about 6% for the year. Our total customer base is up about 6%. Security penetration is up about 6% year-over-year.
Ed McGowan: Yes. I got it. So Rishi, on the commerce, you're right, when we had the Q3 call, we did talk about sort of a variety of commerce. I would say that we pretty much landed where we expected. We didn't really bake in a ton of upside really for 2 reasons. One was just uncertainty around supply chain, people potentially ordering earlier in the year. But the bigger factor was around the 0 overage. We've been in market now for over 2 years, and we've got a pretty high penetration so that you don't see as much of a bursting in Q4 as you do from the commerce customers. And as I've said, it's been a mixed bag. Some companies are doing pretty well, some aren’t doing so great. So again, I'd say it's kind of as expected, but we weren't going in expecting a ton out of our retail vertical this Q4.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Sure. Good question. So a couple of things to note on that. One is just a mix issue. So we obviously had a strong security quarter. I did a little bit better on security. So that drives very high incremental margins in the business. The other thing on the cost of goods sold line, the margins came in on the gross margin line a little bit better. Team has done a phenomenal job on driving down our bandwidth costs. As I look out towards next year, we expect traffic to grow sort of at normal rates. And my bandwidth costs are not really going up very much. So able to drive down bandwidth costs, that would be the big thing. We're getting good efficiencies, starting to see CapEx come down quite a bit. We won't see the depreciation fall off. You have to get a peak in, say, the next 1.5 years or so, then it will start to come off. But just around the -- around all the different organizations, which is doing -- really focused on efficiency. And we've seen good flow through when we get a little bit of a revenue upside.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Good question. So I would expect those customers to be slightly up year-over-year. So as you decline in the first 2 quarters, you start growing the back half. Now there's also significant upside with the Linode products as well. You can imagine these guys have -- they spend tons of money in this area. So there's a potential there that you could continue to grow that base of customers. So not expecting that this year, but it's possible that we could start to tap into that. Obviously, we're going to have to build a pipeline, get customers lined up, but that's obviously, certainly a very target-rich group of customers.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Just to add, there's no customer concentration risk in terms of any significant customers making up a large percentage of the revenue. And earlier, it was Adam who mentioned that from a go-to-market perspective, they didn't focus on selling into large enterprises. That's where we can bring in that synergy. So I would expect that over time, that customer base could change and look a lot more like our customer base. And obviously, that small developer base will just continue to grow as we continue to market and that sort of thing. But it also opens up opportunities in some of our underserved verticals that you think about the spend in certain places that may not have as large websites or web presence, but they're spending an awful lot in this area. So I do expect that customer base to change. When we get to Analyst Day, we'll try to break that down a little bit for you, give you some views in terms of how we're thinking about growth in the future. And then as we get some months under our belt of operating the company, as we come up with new metrics that we think are helpful, we'll obviously bring them to the table and disclose them for you.
Adam Karon: Yes. I agree, Ed. I think we see that market growing very rapidly outside of what Akamai had before, and we see that with our customers in demand of our edge applications and asking us for this type of cloud computing as well. So we do expect it to be durable as that market continues to grow quite rapidly.
Adam Karon: Sure, Tom. I think Tom mentioned earlier, our -- some of our expertise is just building and deploying larger network presence all over the globe. So that would be our first area to go and make those locations that Linode has just more robust and available to our customers. But building in things like availability zones, BPC, identity access management and then building in compliance like SOC2 and PCI are really on the core parts of our road map so that customers can not only bring their apps onto the platform but graduate and continue to grow and scale globally as they build, run and secure the application right on the Akamai platform.
Adam Karon: Yes. I think you covered most of it, but I think the way you can think about it is that the Linode stack itself can be segmented into multiple components. Just like Tom just described, you might have storage or databases that might exist closer to the core. And as you have more ephemeral-type instantiations of applications, you push those components further out towards our edge, ultimately culminating in our deep edge, where you'd have our Chrome V8 engines that can be instantiated on demand right on the edge itself. So that's our EdgeWorkers solution. But you can see kind of a Linode kind of stack like spanning the entire span and what Tom just described as the core all the way out to the edge.
Adam Karon: The customers -- yes, they're primarily developers, which is 1 of the reasons for the benefit of bringing the developer-centric community that Linode brings to the Akamai community. And then those developers, as Tom described, a lot of them are the decision-makers inside of our enterprise customer base developing and deploying and, in some cases, managing those applications. And thus, that developer community becomes appealing -- appeals through those enterprise customers right back to Akamai. So it's kind of a great system that they have.
Adam Karon: Yes. No, the great thing about the platform is it is very self-service, very frictionless for developers to come on board. They have amazing documentation that make developers use of their platform easy. And they have a great customer care group inside of Linode that we've worked very closely with our -- and build up to the signing of this. And so we expect to have them operate more as a Tier 2 to our existing Akamai customer care organization. And of course, our existing enterprise sales force will be the sales force that goes to market, selling those products along with their existing self-service model they have today.
Adam Karon: Well, can you ask -- I think in terms of enterprise win or whatnot, we do partner very closely with our telco partners, and that's something that we work very closely with them when they have opportunities. We use our network in combination with theirs, where it makes synergy with those customers that want to use both our telco partners and Akamai. I'm not sure if that's what you were getting at or something that --
Adam Karon: Yes. And just to add, I think that -- I was going to -- this doesn't take away from our investment in security. And another way to think about it is you've now got 2 very exciting, fast-growing businesses inside of Akamai, led by 2 different leaders in the company. And the scale that we can bring -- turn the question around and think about if you're a $100-plus million company trying to scale to $1 billion, what would you need? You'd need an enterprise sales force. You'd need a global private network. You'd want to have a low-cost deployment model. You'd want to have access to customers and channel, and we bring all that. So this, to me, was a very natural adjacency for us. And I look at ourselves and what we're spending in third-party cloud, looking at bringing that in-house driving some additional synergies and savings there, it's just a natural extension of what we're doing and entering a really, really big, exciting market. And again, it doesn't take away from our ability to invest in security. As you saw, we did 2 very large acquisitions: one in security, one here in cloud. And we're very fortunate with our profitability and our cash flow generation to be able to do that.
Adam Karon: of the most attractive things to the Linode platform is that their developer-centric tools make it really easy for customers who use their Kubernetes engine, use their managed VMs. It's just very simple to configure. Onboard comes with a ton of documentation, makes it very simple for somebody to learn how to use, and Onboard themselves and try their applications very quickly on their platform. We heard from developers inside of our own company as well as developers inside of our customers that they love to use the Linode tools, they're simple, easy. And that's really why we think we're going to win over the developers using that type of platform, something that's simple, easy to use and has great documentation.
Adam Karon: So the Linode customer base is around 150,000 customers. We don't break them down like that, at least not yet. But we can tell you, I think Ed mentioned this earlier on the call, that the larger segment of their customer base is growing much faster than the very, very small developers. But we don't give out the ARPU yet on the customer base.
