J. D. Sherman: Thanks, Paul. I'm glad you straightened out it's the A-K-A-M-Y conference call rather than the A-K-A-M-I conference call.
J. D. Sherman: Yes, actually, I don't think we gave it in the prepared remarks. But the value-added solutions are right around 58%, so rounding to 58%. Obviously, growing faster than the volume solutions, which were basically flat on a quarter-over-quarter basis. The value-added solutions grew 18% or 19%. As far as what drove us to the high-end of the range, I don't think it was one -- any one particular thing. We definitely are seeing strong signings with the value-added solutions. And as you know, with the signings model, the revenue builds from that. And we got a benefit from that. But I don't think there was one -- any one particular thing. Actually, currency went the other way and kept us from being at the very top-end of the range. But I think it was fairly broad-based.
J. D. Sherman: Yes, Scott. We've got additional authorization from the Board of about $400 million back in the July time frame. We have just over $200 million of that authorization still out there. And obviously, with strong balance sheet, we think we'll be able to execute on that plan.
J. D. Sherman: Yes, although, clearly, we went out got a larger authorization and executed on a larger share repurchase when the stock price went down, it made a lot of sense to us. And that's why you saw us get up, go back to the Board and ask for a larger program back in July.
J. D. Sherman: Yes. So I think we're going to end up right where we thought we would at the start of the year, which is at the high-end of our range of 13% to 16%. The biggest, the 2 drivers -- one, we are increasing significantly year-over-year the amount of capitalized software development in our CapEx. And that's driven by the new products and the new announcements that you're seeing and largely by the value-added solutions. So that's one impact on our CapEx spend. As far as capacity, our model is largely at the edge, as you know. And so a lot of our capacity is going in at the edge. We talked last quarter about a lot of the capacity going in outside of the U.S. where we see a lot of traffic growth in emerging markets. And other places outside of North America. So we are adding capacity out there. But I do think, as we have for the past, x number of years, we'll be able to manage the traffic growth within our long-term model.
J. D. Sherman: Yes, not really any significant changes. Those input costs continue to go down in this business. They always have. We've talked about how co-location is the larger element than it has been in the past. And co-location is -- depends on your server footprint. And we manage that server footprint -- the benefits to that, you drive benefits with your software efficiency, with the way you use hardware. So we still think we're -- we think we're in a great position to keep driving our costs down and that helps our customers because it helps us drive their costs down. And most of the leverage we have benefit both co-lo and bandwidth, but in particular, the levers around effective hardware utilization and software efficiency are going to have going to help drive on the co-lo call.
J. D. Sherman: Yes, I think we're still -- we're seeing consistent solid growth. We haven't seen, we've we talked about an inflection point and we really haven't seen that inflection point yet. Paul talked about some of the factors that we think come into play with that. I think it's more of a rate and pace question than anything else. But we have not seen a really large acceleration in that growth. I would say that the traffic growth has been relatively consistent. And as a result, we're seeing relatively stable revenue on the volume side.
J. D. Sherman: Well, yes, I think Q4 tends to be the quarter where see that seasonality in your media and entertainment business as well. You get the -- sort of the people watch and consume more inside video entertainment in generally in Q4. So we'll see how that plays out. That's one of the drivers. But yes, it tends to be the commerce, what happens with the online commerce season tends to be the driver from the high-end to the low-end of our guidance range in the fourth quarter.
J. D. Sherman: Well, we capitalized software development when it's for new product development. And so that's obviously been increasing as we roll new products out. We amortize it over 2 years. So relatively rapidly, and its shows up through depreciation. So that's -- you'll factor that in. From a CapEx perspective, we're not going to give any specific guidance. We've given a long-term model of where we think that should be over time. And I think we'll be relatively consistent with that. But I think, to your specific question, depreciation starts when the project is complete and we announce it. We start delivering it to customers.
J. D. Sherman: Yes, I think -- was that not in the press release? I know we added like 120 customers, nearly 121 customers. So another really good overall signing quarter. And again, when we think about customer count, we haven't talk about, we don't emphasize it as a total business anymore. But what's really important is, that net customers, I should say net new customers -- after churn, which remain low. The signings that we really focus on are adding new customers on our value-added solutions and signs there have been very strong. We did mention that in the prepared remarks.
J. D. Sherman: Rod, it's J.D. We talked about having 8 of our 10 biggest customers renew at the beginning of the year. So obviously, that started to work its way through. And we have seen the volumes grow within that customer base. But there is a continuum of prices come down, contracts come up, we do renewals, and we generally in the volume business give lower prices for higher volumes. So I don't think that we're at any kind of a discontinuity point on that other than those very large contracts.
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. Well, it is growing. And again, every time this comes up, I think, people think we say it shrank. That's not the case at all. And really, J.D.'s comment was about our expectations a year ago and what we've seen play out. We're still seeing growth in that sector. I think the big question is really the business models and how much content gets licensed and put online. The success of things like over-the-top model, TV Everywhere. And I think we're seeing them grow slowly. We're seeing some examples of the sites and models that are working. But we haven't seen that full next inflection point that simply says, the dam's broken and TV has moved fully to IPTV. We continue to see more and more content going online, more and more usage. And frankly, more and more business models from subscription to purchase to rent and download, or ad supported, both in live and on-demand. And I think we're going to continue to see growth. I think the next inflection point comes from some real changes in both the monetization models, but really the willingness of the content providers to move more content, more hit content online faster. And simply old libraries isn't going to drive that inflection point. It's the newer material, the new hits going online faster, or simultaneous with television or other outlets, or other distribution channels that will drive that market.
Paul L. Sagan: And I think it was enterprise and commerce were very strong, and we were very pleased by that. We were always a little cautious because of the macro environment. But so far, outside of a few pockets around the world, things seem to be hanging in at least among enterprises serious about moving online. They're still going there, and that really drove good performance, Michael.
Paul L. Sagan: Both DSA did well. I think J.D. referred to about 100 signings in the quarter, which was very strong with very good deals in lots of regions. And then strong uptake of security solutions of, at least, one of those going to many customers as well. So it's really, I think, what you see the power of the platform, not of a point solution of customers saying, give me a platform where I can add more functionality as my business needs it and layer on value, and give me one place to manage this connection between the private cloud, the public cloud and my end-users on any device, on any network, anywhere. And there's tremendous power in that. I think we're seeing that really help drive the business.
Paul L. Sagan: No, I think I would bring you back to the numbers we gave out. We have record number partnerships, both with networks and geographic reach. We're in more countries than ever, we passed the 1,000 network mark. And we'd hovered just below that for a long time. So no -- we see that networks need our help with the flood of content and applications needing delivery is huge, and they see the value of embedding Akamai inside. And it would really go back to that premise we've talked about for 13 years, which is if you look at the distribution of over 10,000 ISPs around the world, none of them have very large share of data delivery. The largest player have single-digit share of global Internet data delivery. So if you are a Web business, you need a solution that's across network and across geography, and that's what we provide. And then by delivering inside these partner networks, we not only obviously, get a benefit for us, but we save them operating expense. And we make their network look like a better way to get on the Internet to their customers for the end users, whether they're businesses or consumers. So it's really a win-win-win relationship between us, our customers and the networks. Our ability to bring technology, our customers' need to reach end users and the network's need to deliver on the last mile efficiently. And so we're seeing actually greater opportunity, wider distribution now into more than 1,000 partner networks and very interesting conversations with those network who were saying what else could you do to help us be more efficient and maybe even be able to sell value-added services in their market to help their customers. So we think there is just increasing opportunities for us, and we're putting a lot of effort into -- to doing that to raise the level of our partnerships. And I think we're starting to see that pay off already, Mark.
Paul L. Sagan: There you go. So no, I'm happy to do it. What I've always looked for is do have the right team on the field? And you see the 2 people we added today, very experienced, execution-oriented executives. I'm very comfortable with the team that they have the bandwidth to execute on what we need, and I'm very pleased.
Paul L. Sagan: It's really been very consistent environment. As you know, our -- we compete first with do-it-yourself. Our customers are very sophisticated technology operators, and they have the infrastructure, their CIOs are very skilled. And so we have to earn our seat at the table every day and demonstrate that the Internet maybe a narrow slice of their world, but it's very, very deep, and you need our kind of footprint, R&D technology development to really manage performance capacity, scale and security. And in fact, by using a distributed platform, like Akamai, you get lots of benefits for scale performance from security, stop threats, where they start no up at your backdoor. And then, of course, we have lots of direct competition. We always have had that. Large full-service operators try to say as one over-the-top model [ph]. We have all products, buy whatever you want from us and hold us accountable. That model has been for a long time. My guess is that it will continue to be. And then point solution providers usually small, generally private firms, who like to say we do one thing really, really well. We'll love you to death and we'll try to focus on you. And our point is no one has our breadth; no one has our scale or our focus on what we do. We can help the do-it-yourself model the corporation do better and off-load at a better price some of the challenges they have. We've partnered with many of the managed service providers and they just resell our services and we like that model a lot. And frankly, against the point of service providers, we compete everyday. And I think we do very, very well. So that dynamic is fairly consistent quarter in, quarter out
Paul L. Sagan: Sure. We think that's a real opportunity, and we're continuing to explore the best way to do that. We've talked about that some with industry analysts on the trends in that marketplace. And we think that, that is a direction for us to explore, to look to work directly with the networks also to embed our technology in other people's products. You see us doing that with IBM and Riverbed in one sense. We think there are lots of directions to take that. We want to do that in a focused, obviously long-term revenue -- profitable revenue generating way. But we think that because we're already there, we know how these networks work. In some cases, we think we may know routing there better than they do because we just have so much realtime data and the ability to manage it. And we're going to look at those options. As I'm sure you know, and some on the call may know, we do managed custom network deals for some people already. We talked about doing video inside certain wireless carriers for several years, so we think there are various ways we could take that technology both either as potentially licensed or as a managed offer to them.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, just -- I think you've got a couple of things mixed together. So Eastern Europe is a new market. We don't expect much from that for a while. That will take time to develop. But we think it's a good spot to make some inroads. But there's not a big dynamic that's different, or it's certainly not a big market so it wouldn't affect the numbers. No, the comments we made about the softness we're in and specifically in 2 economies that were hit pretty hard this year. Japan, obviously, there's the softness there. We know the natural events that -- or tragedies that happened there that really threw business off. And in Europe, what we're really seeing is some softness in Southern Europe, and we've all been reading about the issues there. And I think that's been driving it. These businesses aren't at a stand still. They're just not growing as robustly. We've continued to make a disproportionate investment in Asia Pac, in the EMEA regions because we think long term, there's more opportunity there. There are bigger markets overall than North America. But they aren't where we're seeing as much return to that yet. That's fine, it takes a while to ramp up some of those investments anyway.
Paul L. Sagan: So we continue to hire and open positions. Always looking for great engineers and also great product people and sales as well. The competition for talent is really a tale of 2 cities. In our kind of business and technology, competition is vicious and unemployment rates are probably negative. Obviously, very different than other sectors. So it's a pretty strange place, in many ways, doesn't reflect the overall economy in Europe, parts of Asia or North America. But we continue to recruit and look to bring more people on. We don't it give a target headcount by the end of the year. But I think we'll just continue to recruit. And we're always looking for the best people.
Paul L. Sagan: I think there's lots of opportunity both within some of our accounts today, where we haven't fully penetrated the opportunities, and there's more to do. And frankly, as our customers just move more applications online to IP, there's a big grow opportunity for us. And then I think in virtually every region, there's opportunity, both in country and across geographies for Dynamic Site Accelerator. I think what continues to differentiate it, frankly, is the value-added platform that it brings -- acceleration, security, scale, rich media and acceleration because most people have businesses that have -- whether they're B2B or B2C, even in B2B, rich media, often, is part of these applications. And they're looking for a platform that can provide all of these and a point solution that can do 1 or 2 things is really not what our customers want long term. It doesn't mean that they don't try some other things and use them. But they're looking for a comprehensive solution and they're looking for mobile as well and device adaptation and the ability to recognize the device and send the right content there with security and then reporting in the analytics back in scale in realtime. So I think as we wrap the things together on the Akamai platform, it allows us to grow our customers going forward, Mike.
Paul L. Sagan: Okay, so yes, that would just -- we had crossed over the 50-50 threshold there. More than 50% of revenue comes from value-added solutions. But it's still a 50-50. I think it'll be a while before it's 2/3, 1/3. That is clearly the direction that the software industry is going. But as I've said, I don't expect that to be the same. I don't expect to get the same growth rates from that vertical that we're seeing in Commerce and Enterprise for quite some time.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, they talked a lot about that as a facilities-based business, and about connectivity and hosting. So maybe they have a different model there. I'll let them talk to that over time. We already have a presence and have had a presence long-standing in Japan and Korea, but also in Hong Kong, Singapore and other parts of Asia Pac. We think there's lots of opportunity to grow there. Part of succeeding is your competition not executing well. I can hope that they don't. But we will operate assuming they will.
Paul L. Sagan: Everyone left on the lines, if you keep your questions brief, we'll try to get to everybody before our hour runs out.
Paul L. Sagan: Okay. So the CIO assignment, you can think of as a classical internal systems. But obviously, delivering what we need to deliver to our customers and Kumud has that focus, and I'm very excited by his comments and efforts to date. He's got a lot of work ahead of him. And we're going to push him hard and expect great results. David was an advocate at all time, as I was for international growth. We have had offices outside of the U.S. in Asia Pac, in Europe. Really within the first 6 months of commercial operation, we're going to continue that. We have moved along time ago from sort of signing up any customer we could find to industry vertical, focus on solution selling and we moved to a feeder [ph] Model a long time ago with a general manager in Europe, general manager in Asia Pac, reporting to the global head of sales services and marketing. Bob Hughes has the 3 feeder [ph] focus. That hasn't changed and it won't change, and we will continue to push decision-making into the field hold country managers responsible for their results. There will be no change based on the management changes. We intend go faster after the opportunities around the globe.
Paul L. Sagan: Great. I'm going to do the questions and answers quickly to try to get to the end of the next few minutes. Very good relationship. They're one of our best resellers. We have a very strong relationship with them, actually, around the world because they have a global footprint today. We're very pleased with that. We're going to continue to try to develop and grow that going forward.
Paul L. Sagan: Well, we felt, as you know, not a licensed product to our main customers. We don't ship them a box. We sell things on a recurring basis. Some have usage base and with overage. That's a relatively new service, but some customers are using that. It's not a needle mover on the whole company right now. It's part of the security suite of services. DDoS mitigation at the edge is clearly our leading product. And then we have several others, like compliance and tokenization, and we think there's a lot of opportunities to continue to innovate new products there. We think it's a driver to what attracts commerce customers to our platform. And that should be. It's such a good commerce season, a driver of Q4 in aggregate.
Paul L. Sagan: One of the biggest, most fundamental changes, I think in the last 24 months is the rapid growth of mobile, especially if you think of mobile as cellular and then WiFi and not just smartphones, where there's been this explosion of innovations, but tablets, which didn't really exist 2 years ago. And now we just see, particularly because of the iPad, which is revolution in what's going on out there. We think hold together, these things are all critically important of our relationships with our customers and our opportunity to leverage our platform to bring them new value-added services going forward. And we're very excited about it. All the -- I think, the estimates today say the majority of Internet access, not data, but the accesses will be over mobile devices. And you pick the timeframe, 12, 18, 24, 30 months. And it's going to drive all sorts of new opportunity for us. And we're hard at work with our network partners, with our customers and our technology partners building solutions that we think can have value going forward over the next couple of years. And we're excited about that.  Anyway Rob, you did make it under the wire, thank you. Thank you, everybody, for dialing in. Thank you for your questions and interest. And we look forward to seeing some of you in December and then talking to all of you in about 90 days or a little more on reporting on Q4. Thank you.
