Tom Leighton: Yes, great question. And I got to say, we were very pleased to see the rapid early adoption. that's a capability that we really just started selling in earnest this year. We had some very early adopters towards the end of last year. And, if we can get up to $100 million ARR by the end of the year, which we think we're going to do, that's great, for the first year of the product, and then we'll see where we are at the beginning. Next year, we'll give guidance in February for the year in compute, but we're very optimistic about strong growth in compute driven by the enterprise customers and our new capability. There's an enormous market there, obviously, and so we're really looking forward into tapping into that.
Tom Leighton: Well, Yes, the saving, operating savings we're getting, as Ed said, we've been plowing that back into the business by and large so that we can invest in growth. There's more savings to come there, but we really get the upward pressure on margins, the beneficial tailwinds on margins as the mix shift continues. As we add compute customers, that is good margin for us. And it's accretive security as we add customers there, it's accretive. Now, as Ed noted that today with the new security products, initially they're dilutive, but as we grow the revenue there, every customer we add, every deal we sign improves margins. So that over time, 30% is our goal, we're very close to that today, but over time, we think we have good potential to grow beyond that.
Tom Leighton: Yes. I think you characterized it very well. Segmentation is essential, I mean you got to lock the doors in the windows as best you can, but now we're still gets in. And I think really the most important thing an enterprise can do is lock down everything inside and that means Guardicore. It means having your agent on every application on every device. And you're right, most enterprises don't have it. When you go back a few years, and I think the community of large really disfavored segmentation. And that's because the way it was done back then was really crude. You did it in hardware, it's very inflexible, hard to do. And at the end of the day, if you did it at all, you had giant segments which defeated the whole purpose. You weren't very secure because the malware would get in and wipe out an entire giant segment and you had a big problem. And Guardicore solved that problem through software, very easy to manipulate, make updates much more secure, fine green controls. And so it's been an education process for us in the marketplace. We viewed it as something that was going to be essential and that, I think, is proving out, as you noted. And of course, with the ransomware headlines and disasters, it's not surprising to see why people are waking up to what they really do need this. So now the next question is with the platform. And there, what we've done is combine the Guardicore, which is protecting inside app-to-app device-to-device communication with the employee device to internal applications. And so we've combined what's called North, South and East, West. Now again, you go back a few years ago, they were different buyers and treated differently. But then we were thinking back then, boy, it's going to make sense to put this all together and sure enough, we're now seeing customers say, "Hey, we want that on the same platform. We want a single agent, not 2 different agents and we got to deal with a single control panel so that the business logic can be applied to employee devices at the same way and the same time as it is to internal applications." And so that's what the Guardicore platform is all about. We actually also combine it with DNS firewall, multifactor authentication, threat-hunting capabilities so that you can tell when you've got now where it is, what's going on into a platform which customers are excited about. And I think it's important not to underestimate the importance of a single agent to do this because that's really important real estate. And the new control panel powered by Gen AI, it's actually pretty cool. You can converse in a human language, if you will, with your network infrastructure. You get much greater visibility probably much better compliance as a result, which means better security. Now your channel question, yes, Guardicore is all channel. And you're right, it is a sophisticated integration and deployment. It's not just like throw a firewall out there. And that's where the partners can really add value. And so in some cases, in many cases, the partner will derive even more revenue than Akamai will. And it's ongoing because you're growing your Guardicore, your segmentation footprint to include more applications and devices, and it's great for partners when they can add value and generate revenue. So it's a really good channel-friendly product. And of course, not easy to do per se, but a lot easier than the way segmentation used to be.
Tom Leighton: No, I think it is a big opportunity. And very few, relatively speaking, enterprises have it today, the early adopters are the critical infrastructure companies because they really, really have to have it. And we do compete with Illumio. They're probably our leading competitor. We believe the Guardicore solution is a lot better. We actually have our own mini firewall in the Asia. We don't have to rely on the firewall in the OS, which sometimes won't be there, it might not be consistent. We can cover a lot of the legacy systems which that's important to enterprises to get more universal coverage. I think there is a ton of greenfield. And I wouldn't be there when one of the other competitors is talking about their platforms. They probably don't spend a lot of time talking about segmentation because they don't really have a solution for it.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Great question. I would say today, AI workload is probably a small fraction of the ARR. I think over time, potential for growth there. As we talked about useful in security, applications, chatbots, tailoring content for commerce companies, ad targeting, recommendation engines. I would say that the models are smaller because they're more focused. The giant models sort of are used to learn everything, your chat GPT, you can ask it any question at all, have it try to be knowledgeable about everything. Those are giant models and we're not really targeting that business. But for our customer base, they tend to be a lot more focused on what they're trying to do. Maybe it's a commerce site, maybe it's an ad site, maybe it's a security company. And they don't need to learn the whole world to really provide value. In fact, we see that with our own solution with the Akamai Guardicore platform with the control interface, powered by Gen AI. Really, it's a very specific application, which means that you don't need the gigantic model to really provide the value. And that means it doesn't have to run on this giant suite of GPUs, it can run just great on our platform, which has GPUs but primarily CPU-based, which gives us much better ROI. And that works great for what our customers are looking to do in terms of their AI applications.
Tom Leighton: Yes, we're seeing growth both within the base and outside the base. I think, for example, with our qualified compute partner program with observability, a lot of companies need that to know what's going on with their applications. Security companies would need that. Now we also have a lot of media customers. And I would say that's probably the biggest segment today. We have, by design, a full media workflow ecosystem now supported through our QCP program on the platform and so a lot of media customers starting to take advantage of that. Outside of that, for example, OS and firmware patch storage, personalized waiting room experience, improved page performance with hints and so forth. We talked about with AI tailoring the site for a user based on what they've been doing so far. Real-time log aggregation and insights into your logs, observability, kinds of things. We even have a PBX, a telephone switching system running on it, 5G Internet gateway running on it. So it does broaden the base which is, I think, exciting for us in the future. But today, probably the biggest segment would be media.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Compute is different than delivery. So it's not a situation where delivery revenue was going into compute. That's not the case here. And that compute opportunity is orders of magnitude bigger than the delivery opportunity. And so I think, over time, it becomes a much bigger business than delivery. And I think delivery does its thing and it's a very good business for us in terms of cash generation, in terms of cross-selling. And in terms of actually of the economics of the platform, so we can go out there and offer compute at and especially for chatty applications and applications where data is moving around at a much lower price point than the hyperscalers because we have the delivery platform, but it doesn't -- it's not a situation where it's plugging a hole in delivery. I think compute is a huge revenue growth driver for us in the future, independent of anything in delivery.
Tom Leighton: Yes, we are now going to market with Noname. And as I mentioned, within 2 weeks of the close, we had a fully integrated with Akamai products, existing Akamai products, in particular, our web app firewall where a lot of the APIs would go through that. So I would say we're basically integrated today. We have some Neosec customers who we are maintaining over time, that will evolve into the Noname product with some of the capabilities from Neosec, so we get the best of both worlds.
Tom Leighton: I think probably the biggest difference today would be the size of the marketplace. Obviously, the hyperscalers have an enormous marketplace and we're getting started there. We're really excited that I think now we have a very competitive media workflow marketplace. I think we've got a very competitive observability marketplace. And that's something that we're going to be continuing to grow. We're also building out, as you know, our distributed compute capabilities so that we'll be in more locations than in many locations where the hyperscalers don't have a presence, which will give us an advantage in performance and also in countries where you've got data sovereignty laws. We'll be in a better position to handle that. But it's yes, it's ongoing. We're continuing to develop and improve the platform, including with storage, a lot of effort going on there too. So that's going to be -- that will be ongoing for the foreseeable future. But if you can tell from the results, we're in a position now, we can get out there and be selling it. And it's great to see the rapid early adoption.
Ed McGowan: No, Keith? Yes. So we included no name in our guidance last quarter as well. So there's nothing that's changed. If anything, the business has gotten a little bit better. So our guidance has come up a bit to reflect that.
Ed McGowan: Mark, yes, not much of a change. The dollar moved around quite a bit during the quarter, up and down, but it's pretty much exactly the same. So for the full year, it's about $40. I gave the guidance already in the quarter in terms of the impact quarter-over-quarter and for year-over-year, but it's still about the same, just around 40 for the full year.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. Alex, so as Tom mentioned, we're seeing growth in both existing applications for stuff that's been on the platform for a while, but the bulk of the growth is actually coming from new customers. The new customer additions is growing very, very quickly. We broke out some numbers for you last quarter, and that continues to ramp very nicely. And we're seeing a significant increase in the pipeline. We are seeing some new customers come to the platform. And what's interesting is we're probably seeing more workloads and repeatable workloads in areas even -- Tom talked about media, but outside of media. And we're seeing customers that may be relatively small CEM customers are fairly large compute customers. So I'd say it's across the board where we're seeing the growth, but it's mostly from adding new customers to the mix and then they start to ramp.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So I talked a little bit about the expectations for Q4. Just based on what we're seeing now in terms of traffic growth and what we saw last year, we're not expecting the normal hockey stick to any significant degree like we've seen in prior years. And also keep in mind, we closed the transaction with StackPath and Lumen last year, and that's all delivery revenue. So that makes sure Q4 tougher comparison if you're looking at sort of year-over-year growth rates, that's going to skew your perspective a bit. And as we talked about on the last call, there were some dynamics going on with one of our larger social media customers. The good news there is we've got a good handle on that. That's sort of playing out as we expected. But as we talked about, those are the factors that as you put that into your model, why it may look like it's deteriorating a little bit. But I'd say the biggest issue is the fact that you're anniversary-ing the StackPath and move contribution from Q4 last year.
Ed McGowan: Quinton, this is Ed. As we talked about, we had some large renewals this year. So obviously, those we've been through all those, and there is certain pricing pressure there. I'd say it's nothing different than what we've traditionally seen in the marketplace. I wouldn't say that it's significantly worse. I think the issue is just not as much traffic growth. So as you reprice a customer, you tend to see significant traffic growth. So the revenue declines don't persist as long as they have in a situation like this. So I wouldn't say if anything has changed in terms of the trajectory of the pricing. It's always been very competitive, it always will be. So that's really not the issue. The issue is just we're not seeing the type of traffic growth that we normally see.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Just to add the -- just add the Noname acquisition came with a pretty sophisticated channel as well as a number of specialists. So we have both of those, so that's going to help drive some sales. And actually, from the minute we announced the close to when we closed or announced the deal ultimately closed, we saw a nice pickup in deals closed. So not no impact on the funnel and the teams already out there selling. So very excited about that. I think we've just enhanced our go-to-market capability as part of the acquisition.
Ed McGowan: Yes, I said it's not a huge concern there. The margins of the new products are very high gross margin products, so that will be helpful. Sure the compute business is a bit more capital intensive. But we've been able to drive down the CapEx of the core business and delivery pretty dramatically. So you're down low single digits as a percentage of revenue for that business. That will maintain as long as the delivery, as long as traffic is not growing significantly. And part of our strategy and being more selective of the type of peak traffic to average that we're taking on the platform is by design, is to make sure that we do maintain that efficiency as we're spending more CapEx in the compute business, and we're not taking on that sort of not as profitable peak to average type traffic so that we can maintain a low CapEx posture in the delivery business.
Ed McGowan: No, I think that's exactly right. And that's something that, over time, as that number becomes more material, we'll start to break that out for folks to make it easy for you to see where that growth is coming from. But Tom is absolutely right. That's where the big market is. That's where we're seeing the explosive growth, and we see that we think that can continue. Obviously, the pipeline is growing. We're seeing a lot more use cases than we expected. I see a great participation from all of our reps across the world. It's not just one geo. So we're very excited about it.
Ed McGowan: No, I don't think there's a capital constraint problem. I mean you could envision perhaps as a customer that may come to us with a big task where you may have to do some build out if it's in a particular concentrated geography. But we got a very strong balance sheet. We produce a ton of free cash flow. So there's no issue from a capital constraint perspective. I think we can grow this business to a significant size over time, and I don't think capital is a problem right now.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So just in terms of some of the puts and takes, just remember, last year, in Q3, we had little over $6 million of license revenue, that's a couple of percentage points. So that's going to make your Q3 compare a little bit more challenging. The other thing to keep in mind, too, last year, we introduced some new security bundles for web app firewall that did phenomenally well. So we've anniversaried that, so that makes sure our compare is a little bit more challenging. And then between Guardicore and API security as they start to ramp, we think APIs going to ramp very, very quickly. It's just a smaller number. So as you've talked about, the growth has bounced around a little bit over time. That happens as you bring new products into the market and they start to ramp up, think about when we brought [ Batman ] manager to the market. It was a small product and then go to hundreds of millions of dollars. I think the same thing you'll see with Guardicore and API security.
Ed McGowan: Yes. No, we're not seeing a phenomenon of someone moving to low-cost providers. As a matter of fact, there's two less of them in the market today. So we're not seeing that. As I talked about earlier, we have a tough compare with a [indiscernible] Q4. And then we've just seen just a lower traffic year. Gaming has been unusually weak, video traffic isn't as robust as it normally is. That stuff happens from time to time, but we're not seeing a shift to low-cost providers or any new low-cost providers in the market.
Ed McGowan: Yes. I'd say it's a combination of those two verticals. We've seen sort of over time the retail seasonal or to be less and less. Some of that has to do with the Zero overage product that we offer in the market. But just in general, it just hasn't been as robust as have been, say, 4 or 5 years ago. And then from gaming, yes, still weak. I haven't seen any major launches or we're not hearing anything from our customers that we leave me to believe that Q4 will be strong from that perspective. And then also, as I just talked about several times here, just traffic in general has been a bit sluggish from a growth perspective in general. So I don't see anything that tells me that, that's going to change going into Q4. So obviously, we've got a few months to go here before we get there. We'll update you when we talk again in November. But based on what I'm seeing today, just out of this worthwhile calling that out to folks as they build out their models.
