Tom Barth - Head-Investor Relations: Thank you, Liz, and good afternoon and thank you for joining Akamai's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2015 earnings call. Speaking today will be Tom Leighton, Akamai's Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Benson, Akamai's Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding revenue and earnings guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties and involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in Akamai's filings with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements included in this call represent the company's view on February 9, 2016. Akamai disclaims any obligation to update these statements to reflect future events or circumstances. As a reminder, we will be referring to some non-GAAP financial metrics during today's call. A detailed reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found under the financial portion of the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, let me turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Barth - Head-Investor Relations: Operator, we have time for one more. We're running a little bit long. So let's take one more question, please.
Tom Barth - Head-Investor Relations: Thank you, Tom. Thank you, everyone, and thank you. In closing, as Jim mentioned, we hope to see you at either live or via webcast through the Akamai platform at our 2016 Investor Summit to be held here on March 7 in Boston. In addition, we will be presenting at a number of investor conferences in both February and March. And details of these can be found on the Investor Relations section of akamai.com. So thank you for joining us, and have a great evening.
James Benson: Sure. So just to be clear that the – the 13% reference is on average what we've received from these top two customers. So it wasn't exactly the percentage of business that we had in the fourth quarter. So this has been gliding down slowly for the company. And as we said that we expect next year it'll be roughly 6%, it could be a little bit more than that, could be a little bit less than that, depending upon how we see traffic volumes. But we're very, very pleased with the performance, in general, of our Media business, that our Media business outside these two customers grew 10% is very, very healthy. I would say that these customers have been doing DIY for a while, and they do serve a fair amount of their traffic themselves, so depending up traffic volumes for their businesses, we'll serve more or less traffic. But I'd say this is kind of, in general, aligned with our expectations. That, I think, in particular what's going to fill this up, I think you're going to go through a period where as their revenues glide down to roughly 6% of our total revenues for the company, one, we're much more diversified in our portfolio from a customer perspective because there isn't – customers three and four and below that are not even nearly close to the size of these customers, and these customers combined are only going to represent 6%. So the revenue concentration is significantly less. There's significant opportunity for growth, as I mentioned, in the Media business, that the Media business is very healthy in aggregate. We believe that more and more content is going to move online, video content in particular, that will fuel growth. We – our Security business grew 54% in 2015 and that it was only a few years ago – four years ago that business was just a few million dollars. So to go from a few million dollars four years ago to a business now that has an annualized run rate of $300 million is a huge opportunity for growth in security. And there's an opportunity for growth in other aspects of the business as well. So I think those are the many pillars of growth that we think will fuel the company; media, security, web performance and some of the new emerging areas that Tom outlined.
James Benson: I mean, we always go through contract renewals with customers every quarter. I think what you're referring to is, obviously, each customer is unique and the way you structure contracts with customers depends upon the circumstances for that customer. And so I'd say there's nothing unique other than making sure that the contract structure is in the best interest of Akamai and the customer. And so we make sure that we do that. Sometimes that means structuring contracts differently than the way they're currently structured, but I don't think there's anything notable to talk about for any particular customer. Every customer is unique and I think we try to come up with a solution for each customer when we work with them to make sure it's something that works for them and for Akamai.
James Benson: I mean – again, I'm not going to get into any specific customer renewal situation. I would say that – yeah, I think you certainly know that we are by far the largest provider and the best provider of content delivery services kind of globally. And so in that regard, I think we have a lot of leverage with our customers. But we try to make sure that when we negotiate with our customers, we're negotiating something that works for them and works for Akamai. And so I think that's going to be the case. I think we'll continue to have good leverage and I think we try to make sure it's a win-win for both of us.
James Benson: And I can start with that, maybe Tom can offer any color if he wants. But, yeah, we had a very, very good quarter in Performance and Security. Grew 19%, but it grew 19% in Q3 as well, so we've been growing the Performance and Security business in the high teens all year. So again, very solid performance. And, as I mentioned, we had very, very good performance in the fourth quarter; one, we saw an acceleration in our Cloud Security offerings – in Solutions, so those grew 54% year-over-year. We had a very strong online holiday season in the commerce space, so we had a good performance in web performance as well. So, again, I think that that category has certainly been the fastest grower for the company and it certainly, as Tom mentioned, the largest category for the company now. So I think there's a lot of room for growth in that category.
James Benson: So I think that in Q4, what was going on was the growth was impacted in Q4 by the top three customers. Customer number three does a very, very modest amount of DIY, and so that was a different kind of dynamic that was going on with customer number three. We had gone through previously a contract renewal with them, so it was less a DIY play and certainly only a one quarter phenomenon. Not going to persist into 2016, and if we conveyed that customer two and three were of the same size, then my apologies because that's certainly not the case. Customers one and two are certainly much larger than customers two and three. Customers two and three just to give you -
James Benson: – between 2% and 3%, and below that, no customer is more than 1%. So our concentration is actually fairly limited, just to give you a little bit more color on that.
James Benson: Well, we don't specifically guide. You're right. We're only guiding for the quarter, but we did try to provide some helpful information for you without giving you a specific guide. And specifically what Tom talked about is we expect that we're going to see growth moderation for the next couple quarters. And I'll leave it to you to understand what you think a couple quarters is.
James Benson: Yeah, I think it's obviously every company is a little bit different and unique. Certainly from a free cash flow, we generate a substantial free cash flow. We've been in kind of the mid-to-high teens from a free cash flow perspective that some years it's going to be a little bit lower than that if we invest more in network CapEx to build out a network, which is hopefully going to be for revenue that we expect in the future. But I think generally speaking, the kind of the model that we've outlined is a model that is kind of low 40s EBITDA. CapEx in the 16% to 18% range. And then you can calculate obviously the free cash flow from that. And I think relative to certainly our peer group in the CDN industry, no one's even close to our financial model. And then relative to others that are in the software and services industry, again all companies are a little bit differently, but I think we fare reasonably well for companies that need to do build-out of their network like we do, so I think that we have a very, very strong business model as a company.
James Benson: Yeah, so I think you know, Colby, that we try to provide you guys some color annually anyway around what the EBITDA profile is of our Media business, our Performance and Security business, and our Service and Support business. So I think we already provided that to you that as far as now splitting these up, as Tom mentioned, really what we're doing, remember, is we're taking kind of the product management, product marketing, product development engineering, and kind of sales and marketing side. But that's not the entire company. It's a very, very large kind of organization and platform, and there's other organizations as well. So we will continue to provide annually a view for you around what these divisions look like and I'll probably – while it remains to be seen, we'll have to see at the upcoming investor summit what exactly we share in this construct that we're not moving into this model until Q2, so it's probably a little premature to provide visibility, but I already do provide visibility around EBITDA in the current business construct, and this really isn't fundamentally different than that other than what we're doing is we're integrating the product teams with the go-to-market teams into one team. We think it's going to drive better kind of customer-centric solutions and kind of faster response timing for customers. So I think in that regard, it's more – the goal of it is really to improve execution. It's not necessarily to kind of change the way we're reporting the business.
James Benson: Yeah, so, that's why I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, that certainly the primary goal of our buyback program is to offset dilution from equity grant. So that will continue to be the primary goal of the program. But the way the program is set up is that we will opportunistically buy back more, depending upon where the stock price trades and depending upon business and market conditions. So you can expect that if the stock price is trading low relative to kind of general market that we will end up buying back more shares. But it's an opportunistic program and I'd say that's the secondary benefit of the program, it's not the primary benefit of the program.
James Benson: Yeah, our international business grew 27%, so it's growing in the mid-20%s. So we're very, very pleased with the performance in both the European markets and our Asian markets.
James Benson: Oh, pricing. The pricing dynamic that we said with Media for some time is, it remains a very competitive market, which means you have to offer competitive price points. But the rate and pace of pricing, so pricing declines do happen. They happen annually. We track them, track them religiously and kind of the rate and pace of pricing declines has been very consistent over the last several years.
James Benson: Well, the Media business declined last year kind of Q4 to Q1 sequentially, so we're certainly – we're implying from this guide that it's going to sequentially decline this year. There have been years past, though, that Q4 to Q1 the media business has grown, so that's why I said – I can't say that there's more seasonality patterns in the non-media businesses than there are in the media businesses where those businesses do tend to show sequential declines, I'm talking about organically, largely because of the online commerce season that I mentioned that you don't have that in the first quarter. But I'd say for Media, what you saw in the guide is that as we mentioned, these top two accounts are going to weigh on growth rates kind of here in the near term. But I'd say outside of those two customers, if there is something that's normal, it's going to behave more like it did last year.
James Benson: No, I mean we're going to see a step down in volumes in these top two accounts as well from Q4 to Q1. Are they going to be just the same magnitude that they were from Q3 to Q4? We'll see, but you will see a similar step down in revenue volumes from Q4 to Q1 in these large accounts.
James Benson: Yeah, I mean I'll take the server count. I mean obviously, we look at network CapEx. And as you can imagine, we're doing deployments in the U.S., outside the U.S. And as we talked about in 2015, we did begin to forward bill for what we thought was going to be the potential of an over-the-top offering. And so you could think of it as that the network – you have to build the network out three months to six months in advance, and so we built that out. It's fair to say we haven't monetized that here in the near term, and you'll grow into that here in 2016. We spent a little bit more as a percent of revenue in 2015 than we normally do. We normally spend kind of, call it, 8%, 8.5% of revenue on network CapEx, and we spent about 10% of revenue on network CapEx, but that's above our model. We think the model is more in the kind of 8%, 8.5% range and we'll probably be back at those levels in 2016. And as Tom mentioned around what's going to reaccelerate Media, I think we talked about what those things are. I think there is significant opportunity for growth in Media outside of these two accounts. We do believe one catalyst for growth in the media business is as more and more premium content moves online, it's poised to push a lot more traffic online, and we believe that we're in a good position to benefit from that when that happens.
James Benson: No, as we mentioned, 13% is kind of, call it, what is average over the last few years. It's been coming down, so in Q4 it was not at – it was lower than 13%. And as Tom mentioned that we think that you're going to see it come down probably through the middle part of 2016, and then we'll have to see, our expectation is that we think it may stabilize from there.
James Benson: That's right. I think you want to view this as cost neutral. We weren't doing this in terms of absolutely saving dollars. We're not doing a big layoff here. But I do expect us to be a lot more efficient and I do expect that to help us ultimately on the bottom line for the company.
James Benson: No, and that's important. We put a lot of effort into that as we planned this realignment. I think we have less than 0.5% of our customers that will have any change in their account team. I think 96% of the reps still have exactly the same territory. And that's probably more than you might even see in a typical year. So there's not really any disruption on the customer side, it's just that those teams will have their management changed now side-by-side with the developer management change and so I think you'll see us be more effective as a result.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, the strong performance we saw in Q4 is all around our existing solutions, Kona Site Defender and Prolexic, our flagship offerings, and I think what's really exciting is when you look at the roadmap of new solutions coming out, and then later this year as we enter the enterprise security space that that creates the potential to really continue the very strong growth of security solutions well into the future.
Frank Thomson Leighton: It's both. We have a large customer base that can really benefit from our security solutions, and security is also a great lead offer into certain verticals that may not have already bought our acceleration services. So both, I would say, are doing well.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, I think there's only a very small handful of customers that can even really think about doing it. We've been competing against DIY now for 15 years and through that time, there's only a handful that have gone there. Generally, we compete successfully and in my opinion, probably doesn't even make sense for them to be doing it. And ultimately I think that they discover that as Akamai continues to improve its capabilities that we'll do a better job at a lower price point. So I don't think this is something that goes broader than the few customers who do it today, and even there, I'm optimistic about our future in those accounts.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, the timing is really hard to predict, first, when the various offers will come out, and then how popular they will be. So that's just – it's hard to know. Our goal and job is to be out in front of it so that we're ready. And, as you know, last year we did purchase some CapEx in advance of what we thought would be a real strong influx of OTT. That didn't take place the way we thought. I think over-the-top will be dominated by a relatively small number of major entities; broadcasters, carriers, media giants. I think we have great relationships with pretty much all of those folks and we're in a very good position to benefit as OTT increases. And, of course, OTT is a situation where people are really paying for it. The quality needs to be really good and that's a situation where the big folks really tend to turn to Akamai.
Frank Thomson Leighton: You know, we've achieved that over the last three years. We are still working hard to get to $5 billion by 2020. Obviously, our projected growth rates for early this year are less than that. That makes it harder to reach the goal, and of course, the foreign currency situation with the strengthening dollar slows us down. But – so we're working hard to get there. Is it possible it'd be a year or two late? Of course. But we are striving to get to $5 billion, and I am confident that we can do that.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, great question. Our platform organization, which includes development, deployment of resources and so forth, is not changing during the reorganization. We have already figured out how to handle the problem you suggest where the Media division needs to update some software for video delivery, the Security team wants to make a new product and get that out there. And it's all riding on the same platform. So we have already had, on the development side, a partition of those resources into business units with product teams. And so that won't change. We figured out how to do that management, and that will continue on the same way. The difference here, with this next step in our organizational evolution, is that we're aligning our go-to-market resources directly with the product and development resources in these areas. And the platform organization stays the same.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes, the partnership with Microsoft has several components. I think you're referring to the part with Azure, where if you have applications running on Azure, you'll be able to check the box, and deploy Akamai whole site delivery for whatever you're doing with Azure. And I think that's a great step forward for us. Microsoft will also be reselling our services. Now when I talk about the grand challenges, the beginning, there I'm talking more about a business that we're just beginning to get into, and that is focused on the enterprise network. How an enterprise communicates with employees and branch offices. How you manage enterprise security to protect employees from phishing attacks or a malware that gets in and steals corporate e-mails and then exfiltrates that data. We're not really doing that yet today, but that's where we are headed. We had our first really toe in the water there in partnerships with Riverbed and Cisco. And we've recently announced partnerships with a couple of major European carriers, Orange and T-Systems, but there's going to be a lot of focus as we move forward on developing capabilities for the enterprise network, and that's different than what we do today for websites and applications, which tend to be more enterprise out as opposed to enterprise employees.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Both. As you care about performance and you care about security, you're absolutely right in what you said. And I think that drives our business forward.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Sure, we carry most all the major events in most all the major countries in the world. We do derive revenue from those events. Even years, you have more of those events and they tend to be better years for our media business. And perhaps more fundamentally, those events, particularly things like the Olympics, there tends to be changes in the ecosystem. Fancier TVs, this Olympics will have a lot of 4K involved. And so new technologies get demonstrated. And that tends to have a more long-lasting effect. For example, if a lot of folks went and bought 4K TVs, such that they liked it, got used to it, but then a lot of the content that's more day-to-day going forward, you can imagine using that kind of capability, and that creates a lot more traffic and more business for Akamai. So I think there is a more modest, short-term impact. And yes, we do go get, make sure we have capacity and sign up deals for all these events. That is good for the media business. But sometimes you also get a little longer lasting effect afterwards.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Let me take the first question. We have absolutely no intention of splitting the company. And it wouldn't make sense to do that. And though the key point there of course is the platform, which is common and which is a huge advantage for us, both in terms of the economics and the performance and also the scale. Our security solutions, our acceleration solutions, and our video delivery solutions all ride on the same platform. Our media customers buy all of those from us. So there's no intention to split up the company. And I'll let Jim talk about EBITDA and reporting.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I'll start with the last question. We don't see really do it yourself outside the U.S. It's really only in literally a handful of giant U.S. media companies. So it's really not an issue there. In fact, it probably gets even harder outside the U.S. to try to attempt that. Our international business, our EMEA business and APJ business are growing at very strong clips. Of course, that's where we get the most impact from the strengthened dollar. So you don't see the percentage of our overall revenue growing as fast as it would otherwise.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, we were very, very pleased with – like as I mentioned, we had a very good online commerce season. Seasonally, you have a good online commerce season, the web acceleration business will do well. And we had a good online commerce season, which is why it grew 11%. That business admittedly in years past has grown faster than that. That business has the potential to accelerate and grow faster, but because it's a subscription-oriented business, effectively deals you book this year tend to be revenue next year. And so I don't think you are going to expect kind of a significant reacceleration in that business any time soon. I do think there is significant opportunity. I think that there's work being done by the engineering teams to increase the pace of innovation and start to offer adjacent products and also improve the existing products. So I think there is a lot of potential on that business, but that business has been growing in kind of the low-double digits. It has been decelerating slightly. It is true that when you have an offering like security that's been growing at 50%, was relatively new for the sales force. It's gotten significant mind share. We've gotten significant traction. It has taken a little bit of way from the web performance business, but I think there is still good opportunity for that business to grow, and I think it's up to us to execute now.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, I would view this as probably stabilizing, hard to really predict into 2017. I think there's plenty of potential for actually upside there, especially if there's real progress in video over the top with these customers. So I would say there's more upside than downside. And the very worst possible case, it's only 6% of revenue. And so we are very diversified, and I like that position because now you have some giants that at only a total of 6% of revenue could really grow from there and help reaccelerate the business going forward.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, in terms of the visibility question, I think we probably have as good visibility as it's possible to have. And that said – but it's hard to predict the future. And there's I think things that happen or don't happen that are even beyond the industry to really know for sure. We got caught a little bit last year with that. We and a lot of other folks had very good reason to believe that there was going to be the good possibility of a large influx in OTT traffic. That did not take place. So generally, I'd say our visibility is very good. We are very well connected with all of the major players, but it's not perfect.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, we saw very similar statistics. I think our statistics were just a little bit less. That could be with our customer mix. We do carry almost all the major commerce sites on our platform, but mobile is certainly increasing its penetration. We're putting a lot of effort into improving mobile performance. Mobile performance is more challenged obviously than desktop performance, especially if you are using a cellular network. There is a lot of interest in our commerce customers and our customer base as a whole in mobile site performance and mobile app performance.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I think there's a lot of folks interested in the security business. There's giant security companies that license software or sell you hardware. We come at it from really a different approach where we have built a fantastic platform that we can use in a multi-tenant way to provide excellent security with excellent performance in a very easy-to-consume manner. And there the big folks don't know how to do that. We have got a great head start there and we've got 15 years of experience operating in that kind of platform. So there are just lots of customers for us to go and sign up, and it's up to us to execute there. A plenty of competition all around, but in cloud security, we have a very good value proposition.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I think you'll find it to be similar to past years. So I don't think you see any fundamental differences.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, I think whenever you bring the customer closer to the developer, you get a better result. You make better products. You make them faster. Innovation gets in the customer's hands faster. You're more efficient. And that's what we're trying to accomplish here. We are getting the folks that work day-to-day with customers lined up right next to the developers that make the products for them. As you could imagine, there's a very high correlation between the revenue we get from media customers and the revenue we get from our media products. And on the other side of the house, a very strong correlation from between the revenue we get from, say, banks and commerce sites as customers and the revenue we get from our application acceleration and web security products. So by bringing those teams together, I think we will be more responsive to our customers and more efficient overall, and I think it helps us accelerate growth.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, not really. We've got dozens of competitors in the media space. We always have, we always will. There is so much potential in that space that you're going to have a lot of competitors. I think we compete very effectively. I'm not aware of any significant share loss there. I think the only fundamental shift there really has been with the big carriers, and basically I'd say the shift has been more towards standardizing on Akamai. I think you look back four years or five years ago, most of the world's major carriers had some kind of DIY effort to build their own CDN to compete with Akamai. Maybe they bought a lot of equipment from one of the big box manufacturers, and today most of the world's major carriers are pretty much standardizing on Akamai. Obviously, Verizon an exception there having purchased EdgeCast, we compete with that. I've said Verizon is still a very large reseller for Akamai. Level 3 of course competes, always has. But the list is not long in terms of the carriers. The cloud providers, some of them partner with us, some of them have competing services, but we're not seeing erosion due to competition. We got two large customers that are built off more on their own internal effort. We have not lost business to competitors there. So I think we're in a very good position on the competitive front.
Keith Eric Weiss: Excellent. Thank you guys for squeezing me in. I just wanted to revisit the realignment of the business. Just to get a sort of clear understanding of the directionality of sort of why you're putting the change into place. And maybe it'd be helpful if you can walk us through a couple of examples of the type of stuff you're expecting to be able to do with the new alignment that you couldn't do with the old alignment to help us understand as to the reason why.
Keith Eric Weiss: Okay. And there's no cost saving angle or sort of consolidation of functionality, it's just creating different lines of communication amongst the various components of the businesses.
Keith Eric Weiss: Okay. So this can almost be thought as more strategic in nature than sort of feet on the ground in nature.
