Ed McGowan: All right, sure. Let me see if I can tackle all those for you. I'll start with the performance in Q4. So I'll break it down into a couple of buckets. So in Q4, we tend to see a stronger seasonal quarter for us. And we did see some of that. So from the retail customer perspective, we saw bursting roughly to the tune of about half of what we saw last year. And I think that has to do mostly with the zero overage. As that's become more popular, we are seeing less bursting. If I look back a few years, that's down above 50%, 22 compared to 21, and again, 23 compared to 22. Some of it could be macro factors, hard to tell. We're not really the best gauge for folks' consumption, but more they're surfing. If I look at gaming, gaming was a better year. If I look last year, gaming was pretty weak. This year, it was pretty good. Gaming tends to be fairly lower priced delivery, so you don't get as much upside in revenue. Video was up quarter-over-quarter, but not as much as we saw the prior year. So I would say kind of an okay fourth quarter from delivery. The one area that was probably the weakest was more in sort of high tech. So think about that as new connected devices, maybe it's connected TV or a new, say an iPad or something like that, printer drivers, that sort of stuff. That was much weaker than what we saw last year. Last year was a pretty good bump up in that category. So that really sort of sums up what the dynamics are in terms of the delivery business in Q4. And I looked at that, not including the acquisition traffic. The second question you asked, if I wrote it down correctly, was the absorption of the traffic from the acquisitions. We've largely done that. The services team did a phenomenal job migrating over the customers. We did it in probably about a third of the time that we had expected to be able to do that. There's still a few stragglers, but the transition services costs are immaterial. So that's why we didn't call that out. But that's largely been done. In terms of this year, why are we seeing a down 6% if that's the math you're using for delivery? A lot of it has to do with the renewals. Unfortunately, these larger customers, as we've talked in the past, we only have about eight customers that are greater than 1% of revenue. And unfortunately, seven of them are renewing in the first half of the year. That does have a bit of an impact on the delivery business. The majority of the revenue from those customers comes from delivery. We've seen this in the past. It seems like every two years, we kind of bump into this. Even though we try to sign staggered contracts, what happens often is someone might sign a two or three year deal with a revenue commit. They'll spend that in a shorter period of time. And we just get a combination of renewals here. And then the other thing was on the shedding of traffic. So let me just get a little bit more specific with what we're doing. So last year, if you remember, we talked about being a bit more stringent with the peak to average ratios. And we're going to continue to do that. We did a pretty good job. There's still a few customers we need to adjust. And that generally happens where customers will split and they have lots of day-to-day traffic and they might split that among three or four CDNs. And then they'll have peak events, whether that's a big video event or a big download event. And we get the disproportionate size of that peak. So you want to make sure you're compensated for that. So the way to do that is you get a higher percentage of the day-to-day or you just limit the peak. So we'll continue doing that. And sometimes that may mean we lose a little bit of traffic, but that's okay because you can see the results in CapEx. The new thing that we're doing now is we've worked with product and IT to enable us to be able to build for very granular level on destinations. In the past, we generally would build based on large geos, say for example, a large geos, say for example, the U.S. or Europe or Asia. Now we're able to get one level deeper. And so we can go after some of the areas where our costs are a bit higher to deliver. It's unclear. We're assuming that customers have choice. They may decide to take that traffic somewhere else. Some of our competitors don't really focus as much on profit as we do. If that's the case, then that's okay with us. So I think as we tried to factor all that in, those are the two driving factors as to why we're not seeing a better delivery performance in 2024. I think I hit all your questions.
Ed McGowan: Sure. No problem. In terms of the cost of goods sold, I'll start with the good stuff that's going on in cost of goods sold. Obviously, you touched on the mix. So as we get a higher degree of security business, that obviously helps our gross margin line. And the second thing is the movement of our third-party cloud costs onto our own platform. We did a great job so far this year. Tom talked a bit about that in his prepared remarks. And we have more to go, and we have a roadmap to get that. So that'll drive some significant savings. The downside or what's sort of contracting them or not expanding the margins as much, I should say, we could be going a bit higher, is that with the build of the Gecko sites, we'll incur some additional co-location costs. So as we start to build out those facilities, you don't have revenue to go against it. But also, as I talked about last year, when we built out some of the bigger sites, with the accounting rules, when you do long-term Colo commitments or any kind of a commitment for long-term leases, you have to straight line any commitment. So we end up with a bit of a disconnect between what we're paying in cash and what we're actually expensing. So we're able to offset that with the savings we get from the third-party cloud in the mix, but those are the underlying dynamics.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Sure, happy to do that. Hey, Frank. Yes, I would say, just as a reminder, when we acquired the businesses, we actually acquired selected customers. What we mean by that is we actually went through and we left some customers that we weren't going to take. For example, if someone violated our acceptable use policy, really small customers, and then, believe it or not, some that had pricing that we just didn't want to take. So we had already gone through sort of a selection process. If you recall, I had given guidance last quarter of about $18 million to $20 million for this quarter, and we hit the high end of that range, which I'm happy that we did. So we've largely been able to migrate over everything that we had hoped to. There's a few customers that churned, but by and large, we've gotten everything out of that acquisition or those acquisitions, I should say. There were two of them that we had hoped to.
Ed McGowan: Hey, Jim. This is Ed. Yes, I was actually pretty pleased with our performance and didn't see many deals push out. We didn't have any large license deals like we did in Q3, so that might be -- that always skews some of the results, so we didn't have any of that. But no deals that really pushed out from a security perspective. Very pleased with what we're seeing with Guardicore continued great growth there. That's been phenomenal, and that's a lot of customers are being driven new verticals and things like that. The channel's been doing phenomenally well there. We talked a lot about in our prepared remarks, API security. I don't get surprised often, but I've been surprised with the ARPUs there. I've been very pleased with that. That's been very, very good to see. And the strength in – we talked about the bundles that we had done a lot on the last call. That's continued to go very well, and we're seeing very strong growth in our WAF and our fraud products, too, bot management and our fraud protector. So really strength across the board. Nothing so far from macroeconomic challenges. That always can change. You never know what can happen, but nothing that we saw in Q4. As far as the projections for this year, we feel pretty confident. We've generally been relatively conservative with our approach to security growth. We don't factor in any major type of attacks where sometimes we'll see a spike in demand or anything like that. So we feel pretty good with how security's going.
Ed McGowan: Yes, good question. I think the CPI report today gave you a good view of how things can change so quickly. The market originally had thought there'd be a lot of rate cuts and now all of a sudden that doesn't look like it's going to happen and obviously currencies and interest rates are very closely aligned. So if you look, I gave you the 1231 number, so obviously the dollar has gotten a bit stronger. I gave you the numbers in terms of the total non-U.S. dollars, so you can kind of do some math. It would still be in that range. Obviously, it'd be a little bit of a headwind just given that the dollar's gotten stronger since 1231, but I think you can take our Q1 guidance and sort of fold that in and think about the normal seasonality that you have and come up with an answer. But it would still be in that range, though.
Ed McGowan: Well, no, I mean, if you're using spot rates as of today, the simple math would suggest that it is, yes. If you looked at, just take the midpoint of the guide, right? Just say if I just use that and what the impact of the dollar has been, it's still in that range. Now, you would ask, could it be higher? Obviously, the dollar was at 101 back at 1231. It was at 106 in November, and so it's bouncing all over the place. Obviously, if it were to move, you can do the math, five or six points lower, you could potentially get on the other side of that. So, again, it's just I'd be end up giving you guys a massive range that wouldn't be helpful. So what I'd rather do is just give you guys the tools that you can do it yourself and look at, really get an understanding of the core business underneath that. How is that? I think it's much more important to understand.
Ed McGowan: No, I think you captured it right, Tom. We don't, we're not really anticipating anything. I mean, one thing we are doing this year is we are making changes to our comp plan with our reps so that they're all, all have to sell compute this year. So you could see things, reps get very creative. I learned in sales that comp drives behavior. So by leaning in here and making it something that all reps have to do, we should see a lot more use cases, a lot more opportunities, etcetera. So there's always a chance that we could be surprised here with the creativity of our field bringing us opportunities, but we did not factor in anything material as it relates to Gecko.
Ed McGowan: Sure. Yes. So I think the trend, obviously, acquiring new customers is always challenging in an environment like this. The one probably exception to that is in the security space. That tends to be something that obviously, now with the requirements with the SEC reporting and I added a disclosure with CISOs being now potentially criminally charged for breaches and things like that. Audit Committee is spending more and more time on cybersecurity as a topic. That tends to be a budget that, one, you don't typically cut and, two, you're generally adding to. But yes, new customers are challenging. I do think this kind of environment helps us what we were just talking about in the last few questions, around optimizing cloud spend. Certainly, if you've seen what we've done, we've spent [ph] a tremendous amount of money. So I think that can also help us in this particular environment. But definitely, new customer acquisition is a bit more challenging, but we're still doing pretty well. Obviously, the environment can change. But it hasn't been a major factor for us yet.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. So the majority of the growth in the compute guidance is going to come from enterprise compute. So the stuff that we built out for the last year. So if you kind of go back and look at the math in terms of -- we've kind of said roughly speaking, $1 of CapEx is $1 of revenue. You can kind of look at what we're doing for compute build-out now what we did last year. We said we got about $100 million roughly for our -- all in for our internal use. So that leaves a pretty significant amount left for customer demand. Now obviously, the way people buy today, they pick a location, etcetera. So it's not going to be exactly a dollar for dollar right now, but it's a general rule of thumb. So I would say the majority of what we built out is for customer usage.
Ed McGowan: Sure. Why don't I go to the first one? On the spirit of it being a year-end call, I'll break out these numbers at a high level for you, but won't be doing it every quarter. So if I look at the -- what we used to -- what we call the Appen API security bucket, that's our largest bucket, that includes bot management, our fraud products, our web app firewall, our new API security product. That's actually in Q4 growing over 20%. So that's been incredible. Guardicore itself, if I normalize for the onetime software that we did last Q4 is growing at about 6%. And infrastructure and services are growing sub-10%.
Tom Leighton: Maybe just to click down one level into Fatima's earlier question on the CDN side, and something that Tom said as well in his prepared remarks, is there any way to understand how much on the CDN side of the base you plan to essentially -- I don't want to say give away for free, but give away for free to get that compute revenue or help us understand kind of the dynamic between what we should expect between CDN and compute kind of dollar shifting. Thanks, guys.
Tom Leighton: Yes. I think you can't factor in any percentage there at this point. We have been in some discussions with some very large media companies where we would offer discounted or free delivery in return for a significant portion of the compute business. On balance, that would be a great trade for us, much more profitable and much more revenue, because at the end of the day, big media companies will spend 10x on compute what they'll spend on delivery and even security. This is something that we see the hyperscalers do. They will sometimes give away the delivery in return for getting the compute business, because that's where the vast majority of the revenue is and very profitable. We'll keep you advised as we go if that starts to make a material difference.
Tom Leighton: Yes, I'll take this one, Tom. You broke up a little bit there, Keith, but I think I got the genesis of the question. So yes, we've done, I thought, a great job of making some acquisitions over the last few years, investing in a compute business, spending an awful lot to build out our compute facilities, adding a lot of functionality, growing our security business, doing acquisitions there as well. And got back to 30% margin last year and continuing this year. We've always said that's been a pretty healthy spot to run the business. We're investing because we see opportunity for growth and there's always a balance. You can't cut your way to greatness. Perhaps we could cut a few more points, but then what are we leaving on the table? I think we've been pretty disciplined and balanced with our approach in terms of investing for growth and returning to margin. We've got some pretty exciting areas. We're seeing great growth in API security. It's still early days there. The product will continue to get better. We've seen good ARPUs there, so I'm very excited about what we're doing there. We've made investments in go-to-market and Guardicore, and that certainly has paid off. And the investments in Computer Stein has shown some early returns. So again, it's a balanced approach. We're in this for the long-term, and I think we don't want to shoot ourselves in the foot and not go after some of these big opportunities that we have in front of us.
Tom Leighton: Yes. So, signing on compute customers is a big focus for us this year. We have the basic infrastructure in place. Of course, now we're building out Gecko. But just with the basic infrastructure already in 25 cities, we'll be looking to add on many more mission-critical apps from major enterprises. And some examples, you look at social media, live transcoding. We now have two giant companies using that on the platform, one for live sports broadcasting, another for live user-generated content. Another customer, we're hosting e-commerce sites for them in a way that performs better because closer to the end-user and less expensive. AI inferencing for ad targeting, personalizing content. And again, you want to do that really fast. And you just don't have time to backhaul that up into a centralized location. You want to be in a lot of locations around the world to get better performance. And again, we can do it at a lower cost. We've even got a large, one of the world's largest banks now using us, our edge compute, to register credit cards, their user credit cards with Apple Pay because Apple Pay requires you do the registration in 60 milliseconds. And the only way they can get that done fast is to do it on Akamai Connected Cloud. So really, a lot of different applications already on the platform, doing proofs of concept now. So the focus this year, and I think it's a good pipeline, is to be taking on many more mission-critical apps for major enterprises. And of course, we're the first big one. We've got enormous applications already running on the platform and very successfully. And we do it in a multi-cloud way. And as I talked about earlier, now we have the global load balancing built in, the failover capability, so that it does make for a reliable service that's high-performing. So really excited about what's coming this year.
Tom Leighton: Yes. In Web App Firewall, we've been the market leader there, for 10 years since we started that marketplace with Web App Firewall as a service. And after 10 years, you do get, competition. But we're still the market leader by a good margin. And that's a good growth business for us. We've added a lot of capabilities on top, bot management and more recently, account protector, client side protection so that customers of commerce sites can stay safe by going to the site. You need going to need that now for compliance. There's a brand protector. So that's identifying the phishing sites and keeping them from stealing, user information. Of course, we've been doing, denial of service protection for a long, long time now. Market leadership position there. And then you have on the enterprise side, of course, Guardicore we talked about doing very well. And I'm really excited about API security. I think over the longer term, that becomes as big a marketplace and just as important as Web App Firewall has become. And our goal there is to become the market leader. And already in the go-to-market motion, there's a strong synergy between Web App Firewall and API security. We built a very easy way to do a proof-of-concept for our Web App Firewall customers. And that's where we're getting a lot of early traction. Also, we've integrated with a lot of the load balancers and other firewalls out there so that we can sign on new customers who are, not using my CDN or Web App Firewall. So I think, there's a variety of areas in security that are working very well for us.
Tom Leighton: Yes, compute is an enormous marketplace and growing rapidly, and there's always new applications that are being created, and not just migrating from a data center into the cloud, but just brand new applications. So that's where we're seeing a lot of traction. Also, in some cases, lift and shift out of a data center or out of a hyperscaler. But it's just an enormous marketplace and a great place for us to operate. And even those that are optimizing, that's sort of, I guess, not such a great thing for the hyperscalers, but we're part of that trend. It's great for us, because we can help customers reduce cloud spend. And we've gotten very good feedback from our early adopters of Akamai Connected Cloud that they're saving a lot of money. So the trend to optimization is a positive thing for Akamai.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Great question. So what we're doing now is, as I mentioned in the last question, deploying more hardware in existing edge region and generally the larger edge regions. We already have network there. We already have delivery security located there. So there's some additional color and servers. And yes, the goal is to put it all on one common software stack. Now initially, we have the Linode stack is moving into these edge pops for Gecko. But as we once we get the support for virtual machines and containers, then next, we want to add the software stack that we have for delivery and for security and for function as a service that automatically, for example, spins up JavaScript apps and milliseconds based on end-user demand, we want all of that to be operating on containers and VMs. So that you don't have to think ahead of time about how many VMs do you want in each of these hundreds of cities? It just happens based on end user demand. You automatically get new ones spun up, load balancing, fail over, really a very compelling concept. And that doesn't exist in the cloud marketplace today. That is the vision -- I think you really nailed it when you talked about the common software stack because only Akamai has that full edge platform today, that software stack around delivery and security that will be now including compute.
Tom Leighton: Yes. And it's -- it depends how you define serverless, initially with Gecko, you would operate it the same way you would Linode. You decide how many VMs and containers you want in the various cities. And it is very developer-friendly, works just like Linode. So if you're familiar there, that would now work in -- well, at the end of the year, 100 cities for your virtual machines. Now if you define serverless to be -- which doesn't exist today out in the marketplace for VMs and containers, they just spin up automatically like we do today for Function as a Service and for JavaScript, that's what comes 2025.
Tom Leighton: Yes, that's a great question. They don't support VMs or containers at all, never mind serverless or anything else, just -- they don't have support for that. They don't do this full stack cloud computing.
Tom Leighton: Okay. Yes, in terms of the question around inferencing and AI and so forth, yes, we're building full stack compute to have great performance at a lower price point and have that available in hundreds of cities. And one of the many things that you would do with that is AI inferencing and that's not an afterthought. In fact, we've been using AI in our products for, well, 10 years, bot management, for example, runs on Akamai connected cloud. It's one of many things that run on it. So not an afterthought. There is an enormous amount of buzz now about AI. And I think a lot of that is justified. And I think there's a lot more compute going to be consumed because of AI. And it is a strong use case among our customers that are using Akamai connected cloud. That said, it's not all AI. In fact, our biggest customers are doing media workflow, doing live transcoding. And that's not using AI. So I think AI is an important use case, one of several use cases. Now in particular, you asked 2024 versus 2025 it's being done already on our platforms. There's no need to wait until the end of the year unless you want to do it in 100 cities, then that comes at the end of the year. No need to wait to 2025 when the instances are spun up automatically instead of by design ahead of time the way compute works today. So you talked about GPUs. Akamai has GPUs deployed, we're deploying more. We've used them in the past for graphics. And going forward, probably use them for Gen AI uses. We're not really deploying them right now in the edge pops. And that's not -- it just because you don't need to. It's not cost-effective. And the edge pops, you're going to be doing the inferencing. And for the inferencing, you can use GPUs, but we're also using CPUs. And right now, we get a better ROI on the CPUs. So I guess there's a lot of confusion there as well. Now GPUs are critical for doing training for especially large language models and that's going to be done in the core and we're not supporting that as a key use case today. We could, in theory, right, we have all the technology to do it, but that's not where we're focused in terms of getting the best ROI for our platform. And for that matter, most of the work with these models, most of the compute is done when you're using them for the inferencing. You do the training, and then you spend -- just so it learns you get it ready to go, and then you operate it. And it's the operation where most the vast majority of the cycles are and that can be done on CPUs. And in many cases, the cases I mentioned, for a personalization for security, for data analytics, that's done on the edge more as good reason to be done there using CPU-based hardware.
Tom Leighton: Yes, that's very helpful because it makes it much more scalable. You have failover, so much more reliable. And I think it's the basic capability, of course, we've had forever, it seems in delivery of security, and now that's available for compute. So I think that's important and that greatly increases the market we can go after for compute.
Tom Leighton: Yes. So I'll just -- let me address that part first. So I would say if you look at the underlying components of what's growing, it's actually that enterprise compute opportunity that's growing very, very, very fast, like those numbers, the percentages would be kind of foolish to break out because they're going off of small numbers and adding to them very big numbers. Now also part of our strategy is to be competitive and have big core centers in many cities, and that does require a larger build out. So there's a lot of capacity that we have to sell. And then also, we're seeing demand in certain cities, you have to build out more capacity where you're getting demand. And then the Gecko sites that we're building out, it's not a significant -- I mean it's a decent amount of capital. But I think that is another big key differentiator for us. And as Tom mentioned, we think there's a big opportunity there. So I know a lot of people have been questioning us being able to take on large workloads, etcetera. We clearly have a lot of capacity out there. As I talked about earlier, we've made the change with our compensation plans where our reps now have to sell compute. So we're going to see a lot more of that. We've done a tremendous amount with the platform in terms of adding functionality. We built out the platform, connected it to our backbone, and we have a lot of new compute partners. The platform is ready to be sold so we're pretty optimistic about it. And I think we're building in a pretty responsible manner. As I talked about, our CapEx is relatively modest for this business right now. So I think we're in pretty good shape.
Tom Leighton: And with that, that will end today's call. I want to thank everyone for joining, and have a great evening.
