Ed McGowan: Jim, this is Ed. I'll start. Tom, you can jump in if there's anything you want to add. So actually, it's interesting, you started off by saying Guardicore is mostly to the installed base. Actually, we've done a really nice job of selling to new customers. One of the things that came over as part of the Guardicore acquisition is a pretty robust channel and pretty much every deal is done through the channel. As a matter of fact, I think we can do a better job of selling in the installed base and probably come up with some new incentives to incentivize the sales force to do that. So there's a ton of room in the installed base because most of the growth in Guardicore has come from outside the installed base.
Ed McGowan: Yes, sure. That's a great recollection, thought me you're correct. That's about $100 million or actually north of $100 million. So we are still in the earlier innings of the journey. However, we've made a lot of progress, and the team is doing a great job. So we expect to see that the savings continue to ramp. I'm very happy to say that we're slightly ahead of where we expected to be, and we have a lot of confidence that we'll be able to drive the type of savings that we expect to throughout next year.
Ed McGowan: Yes. So I'll start and then Tom, if there's anything you want to add. So this is a pretty targeted program that we identified customers in selected verticals primarily in commerce, manufacturing, health care, pharma, financial services, what we traditionally call sort of our legacy web customers. And as we have talked about, included a lot more services and functionality into the bundles. And upon renewal, we're able to upsell. And we're about -- this is probably 2,000 to 3,000 customers that fit into this sort of targeted group. We're probably about halfway through in terms of the customers that come up for renewal. If you remember, our customer -- average customer contract length is about 18 months. So this probably runs about 18 months to 2 years kind of a program, but we're very happy with what we're seeing with the average uplift on the average sale price.
Ed McGowan: Yes. In terms of the capital, we pretty much now done the major buildout. And of course, we're big consumers of that ourselves as we move our own applications in-house to Akamai Connected Cloud. And we've also got plenty of room to take on major enterprise business. So I don't think you'll see a lot of CapEx associated with the big core data centers until we start generating a lot more revenue from that. And then we would build out further. There'll probably be another couple that we do. What you will see is a relatively smaller amount of CapEx as we do build out into our existing Edge pops. And our goal is to start equipping them with compute so that you can run containers, VMs, Kubernetes and many more cities around the world. And so that -- and more cities than you can do that with, for example, the hyperscalers. And so that will be taking place over the course of the next year, but it's not a large amount of CapEx, so much smaller than what you saw this year. And then going from there, it will depend on how fast the revenue grows. So it will be a good news story if we're back next year saying that, okay, great, we fill that up, and now we're going to be building out some more. So it's a much better situation than we were in this year where there was a lot of build out getting ready and no revenue yet.
Ed McGowan: Yes. Just a couple of things. Yes, Tom talked a little bit about the leverage we have with the backbone, but we also have a lot of other leverage in the company with our go-to-market, where the focus is going to be initially with our installed base. As Tom talked about in media to start, there's a tremendous amount. We pretty much work with every major brands. So there's a lot of leverage from that perspective. Also the people that build and deploy the network are the same people who are building and deploying our CDN network. -- and we're getting leverage with our co-location vendors and things like that. So we -- I've seen some pretty large proposals go out that get us margins that are pretty similar to the company margins in terms of gross margins that are somewhere between security and delivery and operating margins that potentially could be even greater as we get scale to the bottom line. So there's an enormous amount of margins. If you think of the math that we're doing with how much we're saving, the amount of capital that we're deploying and the cost, we're going to be saving a tremendous amount of money on moving our own applications, and we'll be able to offer some of that to our customers as well.
Tom Leighton: Yes. And I would just add to that, that there is good drag along with Guardicore and for example, Enterprise Application Access, one is considered north-south, the other East West, both are really important in terms of keeping malware out and identifying when it gets in and really blocking the spread. So it's good that way, too.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Well, obviously, there's a CDN revenue, which is what transfers, but we're going to be looking to sell our security and compute solutions into those 200-plus new customers. And I think there's some good opportunity there.
Tom Leighton: Yes, I wouldn't call it a pattern. It's been a long time, really since we've acquired a competitor or a competitor contracts. This is a situation where 2 of the many CDNs out there decided to discontinue their operations. And they wanted -- now they're still remaining as companies, obviously, and they wanted to have their customers have the best possible experience as they exited the CDN space. And so they approached Akamai as the leader by far in CDN and made very compelling financial terms for the transaction. So it makes a lot of sense for our shareholders that we take on these customers. And also, it's a good opportunity as we mentioned, to sell them security and compute. So really good for shareholders. It's not something that we're actively doing trying to go buy other CDMs. But every once in a while, there is an opportunity that is compelling for shareholders. I don't see any fundamental change in the marketplace the hyperscalers and a dozen - 2 dozen other companies are selling delivery services. So I don't think there'll be any fundamental change there or change with pricing. Separately from this, of course, you know that we talked about Akamai as being more conservative with pricing, as we talked about, we're not taking some of the spiky traffic, if the pricing doesn't make sense because we've been focusing more on the capital deployment into our compute offering, which we see enormous potential future growth for...
Tom Leighton: I don't think there's a fundamental difference. The attacks are global in nature and the same attacks we see here domestically. We see in pretty much all of the major geos. And yes, you do see a little bit more attacks where there's hotspots wars taking place or political tensions, there'll be more attacks, but the nature of the attacks is similar. You got a denial of service attacks, you got ransomware. You've got application layer attacks, more recently, AI attacks. So -- and that happens everywhere because there's no reason it should be in one geography versus another.
Tom Leighton: Again, I think that is universal as well. We'll have special advantages in locations where the hyperscalers aren't. But that kind of compute capability can be accessed by customers anywhere. Big U.S. companies care a lot about being able to give really good performance for their users all around the world. So again, I think that's -- there's not a fundamental difference between the U.S. or other regions. We have gotten off to a really good start, and I would say APJ, but it's across the board. We're deep in conversations with major enterprises across all the major geos.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Good question. I would say you start going back 6-plus months ago, there really wasn't a lot of compute deals at that time because the Linode infrastructure really wasn't ready for it. There was some early experimentation. Now we're in a position where we really can take on mission-critical applications from big enterprises. We're starting to do that. Some are starting to grow very nicely. In terms of the learnings, we've learned a lot. I would say on the good news side, we're saving a lot of money. And we're going to help our customers save a lot of money. We're also seeing really good performance and better in many cases than we can get with the hyperscalers. And as we go forward, we'll get -- we, of course, have better scalability in terms of faster scalability. And for Akamai, that's really important because we have a lot of customers that have flash crowds, peak events and so forth, Hard to predict how big they'll be. And with our deployed platform, we're really good at that, of course, with security and with delivery. And now we're applying those capabilities to compute so that we can spin up more compute instances in a faster, more responsive way. So we're very happy consumers of our own cloud. Now on the other side, we've learned that it's not just flip a switch. And you just don't flip a switch and suddenly you're off the hyperscaler and you're on to Akamai. And of course, that's true when you move from any cloud environment into another one, it does take some effort to do it, but it is well, well worth it. And we're so a great reference, and we can now help our customers and our partners. We're working with many partners in cloud so that they can take their customers and get them on to Akamai Connected Cloud.
Tom Leighton: Okay. Great question. In fact, there's a lot of components to this one, too. At a high level, there's a lot of potential opportunity, I would say. But let me step back just a minute. Akamai has been using AI and machine learning in our products for a long, long time. Obviously, useful for anomaly detection, bot detection, when an entity is accessing their bank account with the right credentials. Is it the right person or not detecting that malware has infected an application inside an enterprise. Lots of ways that we've been using AI and machine learning. Now with Gen AI, I think it helps some, but it really helps the attack. It's much easier now to morph malware into a lot of different forms, makes it harder to detect. Our teams have created some very nasty bots very quickly using Gen AI. And I think we're already seeing more penetration as a result of Gen AI. That's one area where really it is being actively used today. Now on that side of the house, the implications are -- there's more risk in terms of cybersecurity for enterprises. They're going to get penetrated more. And so you really have to double down on your defense and depth. I think it makes products like [indiscernible] segmentation even more critical because you're going to get penetrated, the key is to identify it quickly and proactively block the spread. And that -- I think when you look at our growth rate there, very, very hot with a market-leading solution. Now you also asked about what about compute and the impact of Gen AI there? I do think over time, it will suck up a lot more compute. And that's good for vendors selling compute, like Akamai sales compute. And you're right, there's a difference between the generation of the model, which is -- if they're large models, very heavy, and that will be done in core compute and storage data centers. inference engines can run at the edge and will make sense to run at the edge for many applications. And we already have several partners that are porting their AI models on to Akamai for inference engines -- and so -- and I expect that they will be selling that in our marketplace to other companies. And so in fact, we're already in a sense, using AI as we put our internal applications on to Akamai Connected Cloud. So I think you will see, over time, a lot of revenue generated there because of all the uses that I think will come about through AI. Now you ask about risk. I think you will need -- you do the model generation in the big data centers. That's not a risk for Akamai because we've got 2 dozen of those today. So that's -- it's just to be done in a different place. It won't be done at the edge. But inference engines, yes, a lot of that work will be done at the edge, and we're in a great place there because other companies don't have an edge, anything like Akamai..
Tom Leighton: Yes. Good question. I would say, I think there's a lot of companies that are being cautious. We have seen a slight uptick in bankruptcies as you typically would see in cycle like this. But we're not seeing a significant impact certainly in our security business. If anything, we've seen better-than-expected results there. So I think security is not as impacted, at least at the moment. Obviously, there's a lot of speculation out there that we're heading towards a recession and things can change pretty quickly. But so far, we fared very well. And also, if you think about our messaging around compute, one of the biggest challenges a lot of companies have is the runaway cost of compute, and we offer a very compelling option for people to look to save money and increase their performance by moving to us. So I think that will play into our favor in an environment like this.
Tom Leighton: Yes, sure. Usually, the -- as Tom mentioned, the building of the scrubbing center generally will follow where we see significant demand from customers. And one of the other reasons security is up a bit this year as we have seen an increase in some of these volumetric attacks in the health care sector, a little bit in the financial sector as well. So this is pretty ordinary course for us. So in terms of like the CapEx needs or builds going forward, I'd say this is just ordinary course -- there's really nothing unusual to call out there, but we have seen a bit of a pickup in DDoS, in particular, tends to be a bit more episodic as you see big headline grabbing attacks. We do tend to see a pickup in business. And oftentimes, that will include a scrubbing center build. But they're pretty well informed with where we're seeing increased demand.
Tom Leighton: Sure. Let me start -- I'll take it in different pieces here. So in terms of anticipating any upsell or anything like that with the 200-plus customers, I haven't factored anything in for that. So that would be upside to the extent that we can do that. Remember, we purchased selected contracts. There are certain contracts that we did not take. There's, for example, adult content and some of the small medium business customer contracts we didn't take. So that's not included. So if you're looking at other numbers that you may have heard about these companies are private, I'd just caution anybody with private company numbers and other is accurate. We just looked at the contracts that we're acquiring, what we think will -- how many will onboard, what will happen with pricing, how much traffic we'll keep some of these customers are splitters, so we anticipate some of that traffic may go away. But we've tried to factor all that in. So what we're trying to do effectively is look at the other side of the integration in terms of the contracts that we acquired, what is that run rate of business that we acquired taking into consideration the best we can, volume and pricing dynamics. In terms of consideration, we'll file our 10-Q tomorrow, and you'll see that for STACK PAT, that contract has got an upfront fee of about $35 million, and there's a small earnout. Also with the TSA agreement, a little wonky accounting here for you, but you have to fair value the TSA and to the extent that there's excess cost there that goes to the purchase price. So when you see the final 10-K once it's filed and the cash flow, the numbers may be slightly higher. On the lumen, it's about $75 million. There is no earnout there. Same comments on the TSA. There is a fair value analysis you do in purchase accounting. So that might be slightly higher. But that's the extent of the agreements.
Tom Leighton: Great. Yes, the data residency, data sovereignty issues are increasingly important, as I imagine you know, -- and that's where Akamai has a great opportunity because we're in 130 different countries with our infrastructure. And as we move compute into our edge pops, that enables us to do the work locally, keep the data local, which is an exciting opportunity for us. And I think in the not-too-distant future, we'll be in locations and countries that even the hyperscalers aren't there. Now in terms of the work on the software stack to be able to do that, that is ongoing work now. We are actually already in beta with a few customers -- so we're pretty far along. And then next year, as I mentioned, there'll be relatively small amount of CapEx as we do build out in a nontrivial number of our edge pops to be able to support compute. Now today, at the edge, I don't -- we support GPUs today, but that would be more in the core data centers. I think for the inference engines, we're running that just fine on CPUs. And so as we look at the edge, where you'd be running the inference engines, I don't, I think, run on CPUs and be much more cost-effective than trying to buy GPUs or custom hardware there. I think where you might see that as more if you're working with large-scale model development. And then that would be in the core data centers. That wouldn't be at the edge. The edge is where you want to do the inferencing. And that's -- it seems like that's going to be working very well on our edge platform with CPUs.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Good question. I think first is the approach that we took, right? We got an inbound request from these 2 companies, and some of them are customers we know and have had a long relationship with. And providing an orderly transition is step 1 in the relationship, right? So now you get a warm relationship and introduction to it's a new customer, and certainly, for the customers that we have. They obviously know us -- and you get -- instead of having a jump ball in the open market, you have a chance to sit down with the customer and understand what their needs are, understand what's going on with their contracts, length of contracts, pricing, et cetera. And you could just set up a relationship and just go through a normal sales cycle effectively. I think we've got a pretty good track record, and I'm certainly understanding the customers. And if I think about sort of the weighted average of where the revenue is, we've obviously gone and talked to a lot of those customers. We obviously have had a long-term relationship with a lot of these folks. So I think we have a fairly high degree of confidence in the numbers that we've put out. Obviously, things can change. But based on our experience with a lot of these folks and with some of these new folks that we have not worked with us in the past, we have an awful lot of other services to offer that they didn't have before. And especially with security being such a big topic these days. We're hearing from some of these customers that they're glad that they have a relationship with us now.
Tom Leighton: Yes. So there might be just a tiny bit that goes into Q1 just depending on how the migration goes. Hopefully, we can be done with it by the next couple of months. Yes, it's just under 1.5 points. I rounded down to a point, but you're right. If you just take the amount divided by the revenue, it's about 1.3%, 1.4%.
Tom Leighton: Yes. That's a good question. First of all, there's $4 million of delivery in the Q4 number so that you have to look at the net delta between the 2. Also, there's about an $8 million headwind from FX. So there is some implied growth in the delivery number. As I talked about there's a high degree of uncertainty in Q4 as it relates to traffic, right? You've got -- typically, we see a big seasonality in terms of retail and the media side of the business. Retail as we've gone to 0 overage is less impactful. We do still see some bursting. I think we're being probably a bit more cautious, especially on the commerce side of the equation for now. But there is some implied growth in there as you factor in those other 2 items I just mentioned.
Tom Leighton: Yes. As I just mentioned on the last question that we're probably a bit more cautious in terms of our outlook certainly with retail. I mentioned earlier in an earlier question that we've seen an uptick in bankruptcies. We do have a lot of customers that are on the 0 overage for commerce. So we're going into disease. We haven't seen it yet. It usually starts right after Thanksgiving. We're just being a bit more cautious. And in terms of the media cycle, -- we did see a little bit of gaming activity. Gaming has been light for the last 1.5 years. A couple of years ago, we saw a big console refresh cycle. We don't -- not expected to see that. So I'd say we're going into this quarter, probably a bit more cautious than we normally have in Q4 and certainly what we've seen in the past.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Great question. I think partners are really helpful there because they do a lot of the work in the first place to get into the third-party cloud provider. And today, some of them move between third-party cloud providers. And so there is a natural partner ecosystem that can be helpful porting that to Akamai. And I think they're finding that the terms are even more favorable for them as well as for the partners. Also, as we grow the ecosystem of third-party capabilities, which with our qualified compute partner program we're doing early focus on media there, which is our initial focus in terms of applications to move to Akamai. And yes, what it depends on the data center and the third-party cloud provider, but we do have direct connections in many cases. And of course, we operate, as I mentioned, one of the world's largest backbones and in a position to also make direct connections to major enterprises, which can help quite a bit. And then just as a quick follow-up. Just curious if you could talk a little bit about the M&A environment that you're seeing. I know you have that your security growth guidance that you gave at your Analyst Day, which includes some M&A. Just curious, any thoughts around the M&A environment, particularly for security? And maybe as part of that, just comments on valuation. Yes, valuations in the companies that we're most interested in are still extremely high. And you see some of the recent acquisitions that have been done at very high revenue multiples. So not a lot of change yet. Probably at the fringes, it's getting harder. But for companies that we have an interest in, I'd not say it's made a lot of improvement yet. That may change with time. We just have to see. It's something we keep a close eye on. Of course, we're always looking, but we're very disciplined buyers. So it really has to make very good sense for our customers and for our shareholders. Operator, we have time for one more, please.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Good question. There is the sales cycle. But when you close the deal, then there's the effort to actually port it and then the time to grow it. And so it's not like maybe one of a normal service or sell delivery were very quick to to port the business and turn it up. It can -- that can happen in a period of days to weeks. Here, probably it's more months to actually get the app corded. And then all the traffic or all the compute won't move over all at once. You wouldn't be growing it over time. So it will -- this is something you'll see, I think, throughout next year as we close customers and then we grow their revenue. And the early signings we did this year, that's exactly what we're seeing, initially very small amounts of revenue, relatively speaking, and then grows over time.
Q – Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking my question. Just want to dive into security a bit and see are the trends differing between international and domestic in terms of what products are getting better versus not? And then one follow-up question after that. Thanks.
Q – Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then for the Connected Cloud and just the compute segment as well, you guys talked about a lot of really nice international deals, but also just wanted to get a pulse on what's happening domestically and appetite for the products here.
Q – Unidentified Analyst: This is Yan Simoes on for Will. So first of all, just looking at delivery, how are you thinking about Q4 delivery trends this year versus normal seasonality given all the questions around the consumer and media activity in general? Any color there would be great.
