Ed McGowan: Yeah, Keith. So we talked about taking a restructuring charge. About half of that was severance related so that the headcount savings and then the other half was -- or roughly half was related to real estate.  In terms of thinking about the headcount savings, our payroll is a little over $1 billion. We reduced a little less than 3%. So on an annualized basis, think of that as kind of in the $40 million range, give or take. We'll get about three quarters of the benefit of that this year. In terms of the real estate, we probably saved about 25% to 30% of our current spend. More to go there. I expect we can reduce that probably by a similar amount next year. The big savings to come is going to be in third-party cloud. We did see a reduction this quarter, which was nice. We reduced our spend as we start to optimize and start to move some things over. But that's a big one. That's about $100 million in total spend or a little bit more, and we'll start to see that benefit next year, a little bit more this year, but mostly into next year and into 2025. Team is doing a great job with vendor management, including being able to engineer out certain functions that we may be using a third party for. So I would say it's a combination of things, but just to sort of put it in perspective, that headcount savings is, call it, roughly a little over a point of margin on an annualized basis.  That also gives you giving you that sort of kind of run rate payroll number will give you the math necessary to build your models to factor in that annual increase that we give every year in the third quarter.
Ed McGowan: Yeah. So the way to think about that, Keith, is two things. One, we were able to benefit pretty significantly actually with the pricing reductions in the server pricing. My understanding is that's somewhat of an industry phenomenon, but also just given our buying power, a big chunk of that decline in CapEx was related to that.  The other thing that I find pretty exciting is we envisioned when we sort of built the models that we'll be able to integrate with our supply chain to be really tight with our demand and build, meaning not having to overbuild for demand. We've been able to knock down the time that it takes for us to deploy. So the initial builds that we're building out will be a little bit smaller than we originally anticipated because we expected a longer lead time with our supply chain. So now that we've been able to shrink that down we can tighten that up a bit.  So those are really the main factors, a little bit of push in terms of a couple of sites that can push into '24, but those two factors are pretty significant. And we're very happy that we're able to deliver that this quickly.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, I do think we should see improvement in security growth from here. And particularly now that we're adding API security into the mix, I think the channel is really important for us and it's something we're putting a lot of effort into it, especially on the enterprise security side. For example, Guardicore is all through the channel, very successful partnerships, and it's something we'll be focused on with API security as well.
Ed McGowan: Yeah, sure. I mean in terms of some of the negatives that you're seeing, obviously, sales cycles are a little bit longer. We are seeing difficulty with adding new customers with the exception of Guardicore. Tom alluded to the fact that Guardicore brought a pretty good channel organization with them, and we're seeing pretty good new logo acquisition there. So that's probably the exception to that rule.  We're seeing some pricing pressure from some verticals, we are seeing, I mentioned, better pricing environment for some of the higher media delivery business. Inflation obviously causes some challenges. We've seen some bankruptcies in the retail space and a couple in the financial services. None that's overly material. And as I said, we're not anticipating things to get worse. If things did get worse, potentially we'd see a little bit more of that.  On the Pro side, we are seeing lower turnover of employees, faster time to hire, which isn't much of a surprise. With rates going up and we have cash interest rates are better for us from a reinvestment perspective, the dollar is slightly weaker. That may -- as the dollar gets weaker that helps our benefits. And then also just from the vendor side, just continued focus on pushing vendors for better pricing and things like that. So it's a mixed environment, obviously, a challenging environment. I think we're navigating through it pretty well. And we've built in what we thought we could achieve based on what we see today.
Ed McGowan: Yeah. The only thing I would add, I did touch a little bit on just slightly better pricing environment, which makes sense given the volumes. They're still not back to pre-pandemic levels, better than what we saw last year.  Also, we've seen in some accounts, some larger accounts, some vendor consolidation, and we've been a benefactor of that, which makes sense. Some customers will have four or five CDNs that can get to be pretty expensive. Sometimes they build up teams. They have technology they use for load balancing and things like that.  So as they consolidate vendors. And a lot of us have volume-based tiered pricing, so you can take advantage of lower unit economics as you consolidate to one or two vendors. So that's been a positive trend for us. It's another reason why we've seen a little bit of an uptick in traffic.
Ed McGowan: Yeah. That's obviously continued traffic growth. I think if we get back to kind of pre-pandemic levels, that's certainly going to help. We've done a pretty good job on pricing, especially with the larger customers in the old web verticals, especially commerce, we're still seeing some pricing pressure there. So really, it's a combination. But I'd say the stronger traffic growth is going to be the main thing. As we get into Q2 and Q3, we've got slightly easier compare you recall last year, we had significant renewals in our top-10. We have renewals all the time, but that was an unusual year for that. So the double-digit declines, I wouldn't expect that certainly next quarter or the quarter after that. And in Q4 is always the toughest quarter to call, but things will get -- should get a little bit better from a year-over-year compare standpoint. But in terms of getting to sort of flat or even plus or minus a point, you're going to need to see stronger traffic growth than what we're seeing now.
Ed McGowan: Yeah. Why don't I start with the last part first. So in terms of the timing, I think we've got it down to probably 60 to 90 days, I think we can add capacity pretty quickly. We're building up -- working with our suppliers. We've had long-term relationships, structuring deals with them to be able to very quickly get our hands on equipment and building up some inventory and that sort of thing. So we feel pretty good about that. So I think -- and also these sales cycles are not immediate, right? So there's usually a trial period and that sort of thing, starting the conversations now. So it's not like CDNs where you can shift overnight, just move traffic within a day or two. So we will have good lead times there.  In terms of the actual size, I just say they're small, I don't have a specific number to throw out. We're on track to deliver all of our core sites. There's a couple coming online in Q2 and a bunch coming online in Q3, no change there. As far as the distributed sites, we will be building out a bunch of those. I don't have an updated figure for you. Some of them may push. Those are much smaller in terms of of CapEx. So that really doesn't have a major impact on CapEx. Each one of those sites are relatively small, so it's not going to have a material impact.  But in terms of what we're seeing with the supply chain, we feel pretty good. We've done a lot of work, great hats off to the team. They've done a fantastic job working with our suppliers to be able to really tighten things up, and you can see that in the updated guidance.
Tom Leighton: Also, in terms of the reductions, obviously, we're directing a lot of resources that were on the delivery side of the house into compute. And that, in many cases, is the same person changing what they're doing, but also in this reduction that we're taking, you'll see that effect as well.
Tom Leighton: On the silver lining side, as we get our compute offering, prepared to take on major mission-critical enterprise workloads, there is the potential that because we can do it less expensively, particularly for applications involving large amounts of data and delivery of data that, that could be a net benefit for us competitively in a time when companies are looking to cut costs. And is something a lot of our customers have told us, particularly customers with large volumes of data that they need to cut the cloud expense. And I think we'll be in a position to help them do that.  And as I mentioned earlier, at a time like this when there's a lot of concern in the financial sector, Akamai's reliability and security, it really becomes paramount. And that's helpful to help mitigate the impacts of a difficult macroeconomic environment.
Tom Leighton: Yes, the hyperscalers and also do it yourselves. And I think the outlook for us is positive. We're not trying to take 30% market share. It's a $100 billion, $200 billion market. But we do think we can be very competitive for certain kinds of applications, particularly in the verticals where we do a lot of business, the media vertical, entertainment obviously, video, gaming, commerce. And that's because those customers, they know us, they like us, they use us for the delivery and security. And I think we're in a position to offer them a very compelling capability in terms of better performance and a lower price point. So we'll see. But so far, I think we're very pleased with what we've been hearing for customers, making good progress, getting our connected cloud platform built out, upgrading Lino to really take on large-scale mission-critical enterprise workloads.
Tom Leighton: Well, we're just taking the actions as we speak. So nothing to see directly from that yet. I would say they're in three areas. One is less investment in management and more in, say, feet on the street. The next would be more focused on security and compute and getting the right expertise in front of the customer, and that would be in presales and also in services. And then the third is a shift in resources to some of the, I would say, undertapped geographies, where we think there's the potential for a lot of growth. So I think all three are very helpful. And then, of course, channels, particularly for our enterprise security solutions, where that's, I think, a much -- a better way of doing it. For our established web app firewall, we do have a significant channel's presence but also a significant direct presence. And we expect to start seeing the benefits here towards the end of the year as we hire the new resources in these areas.
Tom Leighton: Yeah. Our policy and strategy really hasn't changed. And that includes -- there's times when we do buyback more shares that are needed to offset dilution from employee equity programs. And those are opportunistic. And in Q1, we felt there was a substantial opportunity to buyback more than the usual allotment.  And of course, we have a programmatic buyback that buys back more when the stock price is lower and buys back less when the stock price is higher. And so when the stock goes lower, the programmatic or automatic buying also increases. And as you know, the stock price was lower through a lot of Q1. So there's really no fundamental change in strategy. Prior to this year, over the last 10 years, we've bought back an extra 1% a year over and above the equity program dilution offset.  Obviously, Q1 was more than that. So there's not a specific change in strategy that would say we're going to buyback what we did in Q1 every quarter. So no change in strategy.
Tom Leighton: Yes, I think Linode is really in a very traditional, Linode a very different market and much more affordable and really not servicing the major enterprises. Major enterprises, at least the customers that we talk to are very worried about the rapidly growing cloud costs. And that's something that I think we're in a position to help them with as we get our infrastructure built out and get it ready to take on mission-critical workloads.
