Tom Barth: Thank you very much, and good afternoon, and thank you for joining Akamai's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Speaking today will be Tom Leighton, Akamai's Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Benson, Akamai's Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, please note that today's comments include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding revenue and earnings guidance. These forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties and involve a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Additional information concerning these factors is contained in Akamai's filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements included in this call represent the company's view on May 2, 2017. Akamai disclaims any obligation to update these statements to reflect future events or circumstances. As a reminder, we will be referring to some non-GAAP financial metrics during today's call. A detailed reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found under the financial portion of the Investor Relations section of our website. Also please note that all growth rates references will be in constant currency unless otherwise noted. And with that, let me turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Barth: Thank you, Jeff. So, I think, operator we have time for one more. I know we are running little bit long. So want to be cognizant of that. So maybe we will take one more question.
Tom Barth: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone. In closing, we will be presenting at a number of investor events in May and June in both the Americas and in EMEA and details of these can be found on the Investor Relations section of akamai.com. So thank you for joining us, and have a wonderful evening.
James Benson: Yeah, let me start with, we are very bullish on the Media business. So that has not changed. Nothing has changed about what we believe are the growth prospects for the Media business. Relative to our Investor Summit is that what we did see is that we did see traffic growth moderate, as I mentioned in the Americas region in particular and very notably in our gaming vertical and it moderated throughout the quarter. So it was relatively strong in January and then it moderated in February and then it moderated further in March. And that was really the driver of kind of, I would say, missing our internal expectations. But I'd say we are very, very optimistic about the Media business long-term. And as we said to you guys before, the nature of the Media business is it does go through periods where traffic spikes, traffic softens at times. But over the long-term, we think this is a very good business and it will be a very good grower for the company.
James Benson: Yes. Well, you got to be careful because the Americas also includes our Media customers as well as our Web customers. I think Americas' growth, if you exclude the large Internet platform customers, was roughly 10%.
James Benson: Yes. And, Jim, your comment about Performance and Security, it continues to be a very strong growth for the company. The 18% growth in Q1, last year it consistently grew kind of in the high-teens. So what you see here really is just a little softening in media growth kind of in our Americas region and in the area that we mentioned. Again, this tends to be the nature of the Media business. And I think we've gone through these spells before where media surges and you start to see media accelerate. So it's not uncommon to go through these periods. But I believe we're optimistic about the long-term growth potential, not just for OTT, but also within gaming. That as gaming becomes more and more latency sensitive and performance sensitive, as you see more and more things like AR and VR that, I think, that all of a sudden, the differentiation for Akamai becomes more and more apparent. So we're bullish about the prospects for media. I think we're going to go through some near-term slowing in media, but optimistic about the long-term for media.
James Benson: Yeah. I'm not sure what else to tell you about the guidance. We don't guide necessarily by product category that our media products were about 3% growth kind of excluding the large Internet platform customers. And our Media Division customer growth was about 10%. So we expect that to further moderate to the areas that I mentioned, which is in the Americas and notably within gaming. We do expect to have continued strong growth in Performance and Security, continue to expect to have good growth within Services. So I think what you're going to see here in the guide is you kind to do it at the midpoint. At the midpoint, you're going to see a further moderation of media growth rates and that's really kind of what it's all about.
James Benson: Yeah. Well, let me start and then I can have – Tom can talk a little about the products. I think you're right that the growth rates in Security were in the kind of the high-40%s and then the low-40%s and now they're in the high 30%s. This is a business that is now a annualized run rate of $450 million. Five years ago this was just a idea. So this business is growing very, very rapidly. Its growth rate on a percentage basis is lower because it's on a much, much bigger base. So we're very, very positive about the Security business and our execution in the Security business. And you've got to remember, this is all subscription model offerings. This is not license model. This is literally a subscription model business that now is approaching $0.5 billion. So Tom can talk a little bit about the product categories, but there's a lot going on there.
James Benson: Colby, there was really no revenue for any of those. Those were more technology tuck-ins. There's certainly some revenue that comes with SOASTA, as I mentioned, but the first three that you mentioned really were more of technology capability acquisitions.
James Benson: Yes. No, you're absolutely right about the international growth, that the growth rates are very different in the European markets than the Asia Pacific markets. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we're seeing very, very strong growth in the Asia Pacific markets. We are not seeing nearly the same level of growth in the European markets, but we have pretty good growth rates also in Europe. They're not the same as in Asia Pacific, but I'd say international growth rates at 21%, heavily fueled by Asia Pacific with decent growth in EMEA. And that's probably not uncommon. We certainly have more opportunity in our Asia Pacific markets where we're not nearly penetrated. And you could take the OTT question.
James Benson: No, I think we always plan our CapEx in alignment with where we believe traffic growth is going to be. And I think, as Tom said, traffic is still growing very rapidly; it's just not growing as rapid a pace as we had projected. So, yes, we will dial CapEx in alignment with our revised projections, but we need to continue to build out as traffic grows and we don't have CapEx just for our Media business that while our Media business is certainly the most CapEx intensive that we do build our CapEx, as I mentioned, with our rapidly growing Security business, we're building out more attack capacity for Prolexic. And so there is a level of investment that's going on in CapEx. Even though security is not heavily CapEx-oriented business, it does have some CapEx. The other thing is, as we continue to make investments in R&D, we're going to capitalize more R&D, which is basically new product incubation. So there's a bunch of areas of CapEx many of which will continue to grow. Our expectation is that we'll manage CapEx and align it with traffic and revenue projections.
James Benson: Yeah. So we certainly have the expectation that we're going to return to double-digit growth in 2018. That's still where we believe we can be. You're right with the moderation in media that I don't believe this moderation in media is going to be a long-term phenomenon. So we may be going through a spell here for the next couple quarters where media growth softens. But, as you know, we've been through these periods before and then media growth roars again. So I think there's enough opportunity in media that we can get media growing again and get the company back to double digits.
James Benson: Yeah. I mean, I would say that we manage the company as a portfolio and we look at all the investments that we want to make in product areas and what we believe kind of the return on investment is going to be for each one of them. And as Tom said in his prepared remarks, that our Performance, Security, and Enterprise offerings, have 50% EBITDAs even with the investments that we've been making. And so the Media business goes through spells like this, and what ends up happening is when the Media business goes through a softening, it does pressure near-term margins for the company. I can remind you of a couple years ago when the Media business was growing significantly. You see margin expansion happen very, very rapidly. That's a bit of the nature of the Media business. And so it wouldn't be wise for us to curtail investments in the business because of some short-term disruption in Media growth rates. I don't think that would be in the best interest of our shareholders or the company.
James Benson: No. I think when it comes to that Media business, it's aggressive across the board with the entities that you just talked about. And it's been that way for a long, long time. In fact, one group you didn't mention that you would have three to five years ago is the carrier. The carriers were aggressively competing with us three to five years ago or in the past and now they're mostly standardized on Akamai's capabilities. But I think we'll continue to see competition from startups, from the traditional players, and from the cloud providers. And we fare well against the competition, especially in situations where quality matters.
James Benson: Okay. The first question on are we worried about the big broadcasters as they start their own services and grow and so forth, doing more themselves? I don't think so. I think it's going in the other direction. Generally speaking, those folks are taking, doing less in-house maybe than they did before. I think they've recognized this is not their core area of expertise and doing more outsourcing going forward. So I don't see that's an issue. Obviously, these giant platform companies, most of those guys spend billions of dollars a year in infrastructure. And they're just at a different scale where it becomes possible for them to think about spending hundreds of millions more, trying to do some content delivery. So I don't see that being an issue in terms of OTT going forward. If anything, it's going in the other direction. With the carriers, I think we're seeing actually the quality levels for video increase as opposed to a scenario you're describing where it would decrease. And there's competition there and their users, the end viewers, demand the higher-quality video as you get better devices into the home, I think just the opposite happens. You get higher quality levels and we see the carriers already experimenting with sort of super-high quality, which means more traffic. So that, I think, it's more likely to go that way then to lower quality levels.
James Benson: I think when you come to a renewal for the same product, they always want to lower price. On the other hand, maybe there's more traffic, which helps. And the best part is we've got a lot of new products. There's Image Manager, there's Bot Manager, there's the next generation of Ion focused on mobile, the next generation of Kona, again, focused on mobile. So there's more to bring to bear in the account, which helps us hold price or grow revenue in the base. And so we are seeing revenue growth in the base of customers with our Performance and Security products.
James Benson: We don't actually report customer count. We have done that for some time. So really not much to comment there.
Frank Thomson Leighton: So I think the large Internet platform customers for the most part came in line with what we expected in Q1. They do seasonally drop Q4 to Q1. That Q4 seasonally is a large quarter for all – actually, all of our large media customers in particular. So the step down there was not unexpected, pretty much in line with what we thought. Those customers now represent about 8% of our revenues. So the good news is that as we go through this, the diversification of the company's revenue, as I mentioned in the Investor Summit, we are much better diversified from a customer perspective; we're much better diversified from a product category perspective; and we're much better diversified from a geography perspective. So I think the health and diversification of the company's revenue is much better now than it has been. And I think relative to the giants and maybe what we expect them to do kind of longer-term, I think as we've said before, we do expect a further deceleration with two of those six. And we expect them to further kind of decline as they serve more of their traffic themselves. So nothing there has really changed and what we've seen here is very much in line with our expectations.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes. Yeah. As I said, we're not going to guide specifically on SOASTA's revenues and margins. I said at the Investor Summit that SOASTA probably will generate, call it, roughly $20 million for the remainder of 2017. It could be a little bit less than that. But what you're going to have in the first quarter with SOASTA is, as you know, with purchase accounting, we're going to take a very large deferred revenue haircut. So the revenue in the second quarter will certainly be less than and it will be in the third and the fourth quarter. So it's not that material. We're going to embed that in our Web performance business and we're going to report that within our Performance and Security category.
Frank Thomson Leighton: There's a lot of competition in media and I would say especially when it comes to software downloads, which is where the revenue comes from the gaming vertical. And as the traffic shifts more towards updates that can be done in the background as opposed to a new game where you're sitting there waiting for it in real time, well, that means performance matters less, means pricing is lower, and competition is even stiffer. And we've talked about that before. And I think that's part of what we're seeing here. But there's lots of competition in media, particularly for software downloads and especially if it's in a background kind of mode.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. No, I think you characterized it well. At one end of the spectrum, you've got background software downloads, which is not performance sensitive, and that's the best opportunity for competition. Obviously, pricing lower there as well. The other end of the spectrum, you've got live and linear OTT where performance is very sensitive, and it's very challenging to deliver high quality at scale. And you see the great work that we're doing there with the kinds of awards we win at NAB. We're the go-to player for the major events that you watch online and traffic growing well there. And I think really key for us is to see OTT adoption continue, even better if it accelerates, quality levels to improve as broadcasters move more content into the higher-quality formats, HD and someday, 4K. Those are all very good areas for Akamai.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes. I talked about in the prepared remarks that we have the new version of Kona out now, and that includes now protection for API end points. And the way to think about that is for your mobile apps where as you have more mobile apps deployed, the attackers are now going after those and we have a really unique capability to very nicely defend against those. You have the new version of Bot Manager, and that manages the response given to the automated entities that are coming to your websites and apps. There's a wide variety of those. I guess, price scrapers and account takeover attacks being maybe the worst there. And as I talked about with our new machine learning capabilities to be deployed this summer and then the next version of Bot Manager, we're very excited about that because that'll provide even better capabilities to stop the people trying – checking stolen IDs, and there's a ton of stolen IDs out there today. Then on the enterprise side, we're really just getting started in the market. There's two security products there. We're in the market selling Enterprise Application Access today. That was released in Q4. And we're in beta now with Enterprise Threat Protector, and that will become more generally available this summer. So there's a lot of new activity and products and innovation on the security side of the house and I'm very optimistic for continued very strong growth rates in our Security business.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. Let me start with that. It depends on who you want to compare to, but I think for most all choices our growth rate in our security solutions is very strong compared to the competition. The traditional competition there is we have box providers and that just doesn't cut it anymore when you have the scale of attacks being so large that you can easily overwhelm the data center defenses. In fact, you can't afford to buy enough boxes to defend yourself against the large-scale attacks. In addition, we're now, as we talked about, just getting into the area of enterprise security. And just so I'm clear about that, almost all of our revenue today comes from what I would call web security or application security, and that's defending websites and defending web apps against things like DDoS attacks or site takeover attacks, that kind of thing. With our new enterprise line, we're now going to be defending enterprise users and the enterprise network against attacks like phishing attacks, malware attacks, attacks where maybe some device has been infected in the enterprise. The bad guys have gathered up all the internal data and now they're going to exfiltrate it. And we're going to be stopping those kinds of attacks. So really it sounds like security still and it is, but it's by our different capabilities and in the long run, a much larger market for us. So I do think that we have every opportunity to maintain a very strong growth rate in our Security business as it gets larger. We don't provide forward-looking guidance. We will keep you advised on how the new enterprise line is doing once it gets some critical mass. But I'm very optimistic about the future, very strong growth of our security products.
Frank Thomson Leighton: No, because Concord was just a handful of people with technology we really like, a very small acquisition. Cyberfend has not yet been integrated. As I talked about, we'll be releasing capabilities with the next version of Bot Manager this summer with Cyberfend technology. And Soha, we're just getting started their (46:23) sales.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes. I think when you talk to the leading executives, I think they are more bought in than ever that a lot of the video content is going to move over the top. And I think the approach they're taking now is to try lots of different vehicles. A typical broadcaster might have their own OTT offer for their content and they might participate in several aggregated packages. And I think at this point, they don't really know which ones will be the most successful. So I think they're trying a variety of alternatives with the idea being that one way or another, a lot of the content is going to move online. And they don't want to get caught short making the wrong bet, so they're trying lots of the alternatives.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I mean, I think at the end of the day, it's tough to tell what's going to happen with the Internet platform customers that we certainly know that two of them have an intention to serve more of the traffic themselves. So as we said over the last couple quarters, we expect those two customers to continue to serve more traffic themselves which means less traffic will be served by Akamai. I think it's more difficult to call some of the other large Internet platform companies. Many of them have a culture of wanting to do more themselves. They do a lot with us today. I think it's really a matter of the use case and the capabilities that we possess. And if the capabilities we possess match the use case that they have and they don't have that capability, then we will continue to grow with them. So the reason we ring-fence them for you is because I think that investors have their own views of what's going to happen with those large companies. And I think it's difficult to call. I think that what we've tried to kind of provide some guidance on for you is that our expectation is they will continue to decline kind of over time here. So I don't know if they're going to go to zero, but I'm not sure we're ready to call that yet. But we expect that they're certainly going to continue to go down.
Frank Thomson Leighton: To be clear, media traffic is growing at a substantial rate. So we are continuing to build out. And of course, OTT traffic is growing at a substantial rate. So it's not a situation of underutilization. It's just that the growth rates, as a percentage, are less than they were before, of course, led by the largest platform companies.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. I would say that the media customers are certainly buying Performance products, especially Security. But they would not be buying more of that than the media products. The large majority of the Media Division revenue comes from our media products. And the large majority of the revenue is from those that have the most media to deliver. The largest several hundred customers would comprise a lot of the revenue. And those folks are big names. And so they really care about their brand. They are big targets for attack, and they care a lot about our security solutions. And so that is why you see the Media Division or the customer revenue for our media customers be growing at a higher rate than the media products per se.
Frank Thomson Leighton: I don't think there's any specific customer. And like you say, this shift has been taking place. And it's having an impact on traffic growth. So it's not one event, no. I think it's been a trend in the industry.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, actually, we performed well in Q1. So it shouldn't be surprising that commissions then would be a little bit higher. And relative to my comment about getting recruiting related spend that as I mentioned, last year was a period where hiring was a pretty low period for the company. And our expectation is we're going to step up hiring a bit more this year and so we incurred more kind of recruiting-related spend in the first quarter than we expected, which means we moved a little bit faster than we thought we could. So those are really the two big drivers.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Okay. So I'll take those. A lot of the business is video and a lot of it is software downloads. Now gaming, most of the gaming business today is software downloads, just in the gaming vertical. We don't give out the splits, but both are significant sources of traffic and revenue for us. On your comment around Hulu, Comcast and Verizon, the answer is it depends. With Comcast, they have their own delivery mechanism for their own networks. So to get to their own subscribers, they may use their own delivery network. We also have many Akamai Edge servers within the Comcast networks. So we deliver a lot of content to Comcast users as well. Same with Verizon. Verizon has a competing offer, but we deliver a lot of content within Verizon's network. You take a Hulu, that's more of a direct aggregator of content and that's a situation where Akamai would be in a good position to deliver their content. And even in cases where there's a big content provider that maybe is in the same parent company with a big network, even if they have their own capability to deliver in their network, you might well see us doing the delivery of the content for that content provider. Generally speaking, there's a couple of exceptions. But generally speaking, a lot of the video delivery that's done, especially live or for-pay content, we'll be doing that today.
