Thomson Leighton: Thanks, Jim. By every financial measure, 2014 was an excellent year for Akamai, with robust growth on both top and bottom-lines, strong performance across all our geographies and product lines and solid execution on our business strategy. We believe that our excellent financial results validate the soundness of our strategy and the continued market opportunities for our offerings and we are continuing to focus on the four grand challenges faced by our customers; delivering video over the Internet with unparalleled quality, scale and affordability; providing near instant performance for websites and apps on any device, anywhere; protecting websites and data centers from cyber-attacks that aim to disrupt their online operations, corrupt their data or steal sensitive information; and scaling enterprise networks to efficiently handle new cloud workloads.  At the Consumer Electronics Show last month I met with several of our major media customers and partners. They told me that they are experiencing rapidly increasing demand for online video and they are turning to Akamai as the leading provider of solutions with high quality and scale. In order to capture the anticipated growth in media traffic, we plan to continue making investments in innovative media, technology and network build-out.  As you might imagine security is also becoming a primary concern for major media companies, and Akamai is very well positioned to help with our Kona Site Defender and Prolexic Routed Solutions. I am very happy to report that as the first anniversary of the Prolexic acquisition approaches we are well on track to achieving all of the success metrics that we established for the acquisition; including meeting our 2014 revenue targets, extending the Prolexic security operation center capabilities in Fort Lauderdale to centers in Tokyo, Bangalore and Krakow, and retaining key customers and employees.  Of course security is a top concern for customers across many verticals. As cyber-attacks have continued to increase in scale and sophistication, more and more enterprises are leveraging Akamai's massively distributed platform as an outer layer of defense while preserving site performance and availability. As a result security has continued to be our fastest growing product category. At the end of 2014 nearly 1,700 customers were using our security products with more than 900 having purchased one or both of our flagship Kona Site Defender and Prolexic Routed Solutions. In addition to cyber-attacks, there are several other factors that make it hard to deliver a fast and reliable web experience. Web sites are richer, heavier and more interactive, which means that they require more time to deliver. Internet peering points and cell powers are becoming more congested, which slows everything down. And more business applications are moving online, which saturates enterprise network capacity. Akamai built the Ion product line to help address these performance challenges. Ion is equipped with numerous real-time optimizations and is particularly well suited for use with mobile devices. Ion helps our customers expand revenue opportunities with improved performance, increased scalability and reduced infrastructure cost. As a result, 96 of the Internet retailer 100 companies use Akamai to accelerate their Web sites and over one-third have upgraded to Ion since it was launched two years ago. In October of last year, we expanded the Ion product line with the launch of Ion Standard and Ion Premier. Ion Standard provides industry leading web performance in a fully self-serviceable package to help companies realize value quickly. For customers whose online businesses require even more performance, such as top Internet retailers, Ion Premier offers additional optimizations that can be customized to provide the maximum possible performance benefit. I am proud of what Akamai accomplished in 2014 and I believe that our achievements attest to the sound fundamentals of our strategy and innovative technology. I am very excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for Akamai in 2015 and beyond. Thank you for your time today. Now Jim and I will take your questions.
Thomson Leighton: Good question on the earnings impact, that as I mentioned that we're seeing a sequential headwind of about $8 million and about a $50 million headwind year-over-year due to foreign exchange on the top-line. More of our spending is in U.S. dollars. So you can expect that there's going to be a more notable flow through into earnings impact from that revenue drop. So if you do recall it -- call it a roughly 50% flow through on that, maybe a little bit more than that. So you're talking a penny or two pennies in earnings year-on-year. And relative to sales hiring, actually we had a great quarter for sales hiring. You were right. We were a little bit behind earlier in the year. We caught up a little bit in Q3. We had a strong hiring quarter in Q4 and delivered to kind of a plan that we expected actually a little bit better than we had expected ending the year. And we continue to see good momentum with the efficiency of the sales hiring. And as I mentioned before in other calls that I think what we have found -- this maybe have been an issue when we started to hire, we thought that sales focus would be more concentrated to call it performance and security solutions. And really what we have found is they're selling the entire portfolio, and so some of the performance that we are seeing in media is a result of good execution by the sales team on selling media is well as performance and security. So I'd say we are tracking pretty well and we expect to continue to ramp sales hiring in 2015. 
Thomson Leighton: We continue to have substantial competition. The competition varies on the product line and -- but we're executing very well. We've made substantial progress in improving our quality, our scalability at an affordable price point, providing excellent security defenses for our customers. And so we've have been very successful. 
Thomson Leighton: Certainly the most -- the fastest growing business within Performances and Security is the security business. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we actually had pretty solid growth across most of the major product lines in performance in security, but certainly the noteworthy call out at security, it's been -- it was noteworthy last year and it’s been strong all year. I think the addition of the Prolexic capabilities really has enhanced the Company’s portfolio. I will at the Investor Summit, I will breakout each one of the performance and security solution groups a little bit deeper for you, so that you can see how each one of them did for the full year. But I can tell you that certainly securities leading the way, you'll see that it was pretty solid growth across the Board, but certainly is the most noteworthy being security. And I think the emerging areas, one of the things that we had talked about the announcement certainly of our Cisco partnership in Q3. We were -- we had told you that we didn’t expect any material revenue from the Cisco partnership in 2014, but we've seen a number of proof of concepts. The quality of customers that we're attracting here gives us some optimism that we should see some hopefully -- some further acceleration here in 2015. 
Thomson Leighton: Okay, so we said that a third of the Internet Retailer 100 had upgraded to Ion, and the ARPU lift is something that we don’t talk about but we have seen lift and of course the service provides much faster performance for Web sites and is particularly tailored for the mobile environment. And we're getting to the point now where close to half of online transactions are on mobile devices. So mobile performance really matters. That's been a big shift over the last few years. A few years ago almost no transactions were on mobile devices.  We don’t talk about the customer counts in general, but I can tell you we are focused on the 1,000 customers out there and not really on hundreds of thousands of customers. Now that said, we do have channel partners and resellers who do focus on that segment, and so they tend to that calculation of enterprises. In terms of our direct sale where we would count customers, it’s focused on you want to think of as thousands of customers, not hundreds of thousands.
Thomson Leighton: Yes I'll provide the details of the security ARPUs at the Investor Summit. It's a little teaser for you to come. I will tell you that the ARPUs are increasing in Security. As you mentioned that it's -- you have to look at the broad security portfolio. Kona Site Defender and Prolexic have much higher ARPUs than kind of our standard web application firewall and other security offering. So it's been growing and I'll provide the specific numbers at the Investor Summit later this month.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, we are now in Beta with a client reputation service to identify IP addresses that have behaved with -- had malicious behavior in the past, and to identify the nature of what's sitting behind an IP address. And the customer interest there in the Beta stage has been high. And as we look farther into the future, we're looking at enterprise security. As you know, we have the cloud networking division with its first product being Akamai Connect sold by Cisco, and as we start dealing with enterprise traffic, obviously the building to secure that and protect the enterprise employee becomes a very interesting area to apply our security expertise.
Thomson Leighton: Let me take the first question. DSA, Dynamic Site Accelerator was our former flagship acceleration product and then we launched the Ion line a couple of years ago and then last October we launched Ion Standard and Ion Premier. The way to think about Ion Standard is that it's really easy to use, really easy to configure. You can sort of turn it on yourself and so it allows an enterprise to quickly get a lot of their sites and applications going with very strong performance gains. And Ion Premier is more of a customized capability. So they are the sites that care the most about performance, are willing to put effort into really optimizing that, really tuning it for all the different kinds of devices that are out there, they would want to get Ion Premier. Now if you think about Internet Retailers, they're obviously in the sweet spot for Ion Premier, because it's well known that if your site is faster, you sell a lot more on it and that's why we have such strong adoption of our services in the IR 100. We also have very good adoption in the IR 250 and IR 500. Don’t think we released the statistics there, but commerce as a whole, there's certainly a sweet spot for web performance capabilities.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, actually you hit the nail on the head that we're pleased with the international growth. It's just that our domestic business grew much faster than we had expected. And our largest customers in the media business in particular tend to reside U.S. And so really we drove and fueled kind of the overachievement in the media growth rates in particular, we had strong growth across the Board but we had particularly strong growth with our large media customers, which tend to sit, more of them -- not all of them but more of them tend to sit in the U.S. So we're very pleased with the international growth. It’s just we had exceptional growth in the Americas. And you're right, going forward from a sales hiring perspective, actually we have -- roughly 50% of our sales reps are already outside the U.S. So the hiring we've been doing over the last couple of years has been more weighted to international because we believe we are less penetrated outside the U.S. than we are in the U.S. We certainly have opportunities in all markets but we believe there is significantly more Greenfield opportunity outside the U.S. and you're starting to see us get traction for some of the sales force hiring that we've done and plan to do going forward.  So I would expect that you will see the international revenue as a mix percent grow in the future. It'd be nice to the have the problem we have right now, which is it may not grow because the domestic business grows equally which would be a nice problem to have, but we do expect that probably in the future that the International business mix will be a little bit higher than what we've seen to date.
Thomson Leighton: I think we've talked about that. We've made good progress on managing bandwidth cost. So bandwidth cost per megabit per second continues to go down. Obviously the total cost for traffic reserve is going down at a greater rate in pace than what we're seeing in pricing erosion. But we've done a good job on optimizing on the co-lo side, we've done a job of optimizing on the bandwidth size and some of it has been hardware initiative, some of it has been software initiatives that our team has driven. We certainly have some buying leverage because we are a huge purchaser of bandwidth, given the amount of traffic that we serve.  So I think we're very, very pleased with the work that we done on the network side and we expect that we can continue to keep pace with what we've been doing. I'm not calling that -- obviously in this guidance for gross margin expansion but we think we can get gross margin stabilization on the cash gross margin side.
Thomson Leighton: Ed? I think you are on mute. Okay. Denise, we can maybe go back to Ed. Let's take the next one please.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. As you look father in the future, there is a possibility of a tremendous amount of traffic from video to come online. Today the penetration rates online are very low. When you combine that with the emerging technologies, technologies like 4K, maybe someday 8K, and what that means that for one hour of watching, actually a lot more traffic has to flow to produce the quality. So there is a really tremendous potential for growth, which is why we are so bullish media business and we're are investing for the future. 
Thomson Leighton: On the Security side the good news is we're seeing both strong upsell in our existing base and also new customers, customers that for whatever reason haven’t done business with Akamai before but are in the market for a Security product. We have a very compelling pair of offers, Kona Site Defender and Prolexic Routed. And then that's great because we're seeing several examples where we once we get them on the Akamai platform with security, then we can upsell them with our traditional solutions with application acceleration.
Thomson Leighton: Okay. Thank you Denise. Thank you, everyone. In closing, as Jim mentioned we hope to see you live or via Web cast, via the Akamai platform at our 2015 Investor Summit to be held on February 24th in Boston. In addition we'll be presenting at a number of investor conferences in March. Details of these can be found in the Investor Relations section at akamai.com. And thank you for joining us and have a nice evening. 
James Benson: Sure I'll take your -- so your first question around kind of media that I think it's important to kind of have as a backdrop that we grew the media business in 2014 21%. You're not going to grow the media business 21% every year. So we're coming off a record year for the media business and we're coming off a record quarter, where we grew the media business 23%. So our growth in the media business in 2014 has been exceptional. And so we still expect growth in the media business to be very strong. I mentioned three areas. If not, you kind of highlighted one of them. One is we had a very, very strong burst in November and December for media related traffic. We would expect that to abate just because the holiday season is over. Two, we had several large gaming and software releases last Q1. So it makes for a little bit more of a difficult compare. And the third is, as I said we do have large customers that renew every quarter. They don’t renew linearly. So it's not like a 25% a quarter renew. So there's going to be some quarters that a few more renew than other quarters and that's exactly what is happening this quarter. It's nothing really notable. The pricing changes that we're seeing are in line with what we've seen with historical patterns. So we've not seen an increase or a decrease in the rate of pricing erosion. It just means and really just so that we're clear, I was really signaling more for media growth in Q1, obviously being driven by the reset from a couple more contract reprises than usual, but we still expect very strong growth rates in the media business, just not in the low 20s. And relative to performance and security, you are right that that business, to adjust it for a kind of -- foreign exchange has been growing very consistently and we would expect that business to be relatively stable -- a stable grower going into 2015.
James Benson: Yes, you are right that we have reasonably good visibility from talking to our customers around traffic demand. We certainly have good visibility in the near term, and as we told you before, when we build out CapEx we're building our CapEx really to achieve what we believe is going to be highest possibility of traffic growth that we could get. We want to make sure we're building up the network to take traffic for our customers. That’s effectively what we are doing. If in fact we don’t see the traffic demand materialize, we can always notch CapEx down in future quarters. And so you are right. What we're signaling here is confidence that we believe that it is going to be a nice uptick in traffic going into 2015 even beyond Q1. But if we don’t see that happen obviously we'll ratchet CapEx down later in the year. But that’s not what we're expecting right now. 
James Benson: So I think we talked in the past that there's basically four big secular trends in the business that have been driving media traffic and revenue growth for the Company. One is been obviously the continued adoption of video delivery through streaming and things of that nature. Two is you're going to -- there's going to be some quarters where you have more software updates than normal, some quarters you're going to have more gaming releases than normal, and certainly social media as a platform has been continuing to grow and innovate over the last several years, and so what you had in Q4 was a four for four that we did well in gaming, we did well in software updates, we did well in social media, we did well in video delivery. You do tend to see it spike around the holiday. People consume more videos. There tend to be more patches and gaming releases that tend to occur around the holidays and that’s effectively what we saw. So it’s not -- it’s fairly normal to see traffic patterns kind of not be at the same levels going into Q1 and that’s what we're expecting and that’s what we're flagging in our guidance. But again to be clear, we are still expecting strong growth in our media business. 
James Benson: On the FX impact, the way you should think about it, if you look at foreign exchange rates throughout 2014, actually the dollar weakened in the first half of 2014 and then strengthened in the second half. So what you'll see is it will be a headwind on growth rates for probably the first two quarters and then it will be less so in Q3 and Q4. And relative to -- we don’t breakout revenue concentration, we don’t have any 10% revenue customers and I would say while we have some sizable customers, we don’t have any customers that are near 10%.
James Benson: Well I think it’s a fair color Tom to your point on channels that we had an exceptional channel quarter and an exceptional channel year. The carrier partnerships that we've announced over the last couple of years are bearing fruit. That’s our fastest growing -- of our channel partners, the carrier partners are our fastest growing, but the indirect channel is growing faster than our direct business. So I think to Tom’s point we're focusing our direct sales force in the right areas for our Enterprise class customers and then that’s not to say that our channel partners are not focused in those areas as well, but they can go a little bit deeper and get broader penetration for the Company.
James Benson: Yes. And on your question on low 40s, I'm only chuckling because you're right. I have signaled that we're going to operate in the low 40s. I will remind you though that what has driven the Company not operating in the low 40s to-date is that we've had significant revenue growth and over achievement beyond our expectation. So the Company grew in constant currency 25% last year. That was certainly higher than what we had planned. We expanded gross margins for the third straight year. That was better than we had expected. So we have been spending in the areas that I outlined, and I talked about sales and supporting go-to-market capacity, I talked about services and support, I talked about kind of investments in network scaling, I talked about investments in R&D and innovation, and we're also making investments in Company infrastructure scaling. So you can expect that we're going to continue to do those things. We're not going to grow every -- I would love to think every year we can grow 25%. Maybe we can. We're not certainly signaling that here with our guidance for Q1. And so what I'm trying to signal to you is that that's the intent of the Company, to manage the Company in the range of 40% to 42% EBITDA. So I don’t want anyone to be surprised if and when that happens.
James Benson: So on the CapEx intensity side, so you're right. We landed at 17% for 2014 and I signaled that we're probably going to be at that rate for 2015. I think it’s important to parse our CapEx. Half of that are or call it 8 points of the 17% is network CapEx, which several years ago was roughly 10% of revenue. So we've seen nice scale on network CapEx. I'd say the one area Colby that's probably been a more notable uptake in CapEx is around capitalized software, which I think is a good thing, because as that from an accounting perspective when we invest in R&D resources, when they're working on specific software development work, we capitalize that and that turns into CapEx. And the way to think about that is that’s future product innovation that’s about to be released. That’s probably a little bit higher than what we had expected. I'm not going to signal on this call kind of an adjustment to the long-term model for the Company. We will provide an update at the IR summit where I'll talk about the trends in the business and I'll talk about the kind of the long-term model for the Company then. And on your revenue per server, yes we don't believe that's a very good metric to be quite frank. I know that maybe in the old days people have looked at that. So I'm not sure looking at revenue per server is a meaningful measure for the Company. We're always doing refreshers of servers on the network. And so I don't think necessarily looking at it just on a server basis is a way of looking at efficiency. I think the way you can look at efficiency is looking at our network CapEx as a percent of revenue. Our network CapEx as a percent of revenue has gone down. It was 10% two or three years ago. It's now 8%. So you're seeing efficiency in our -- the CapEx intensity on the network side as evidenced by a nice steady decline and now a stabilization of network CapEx as a percent of revenue. 
James Benson: Yes. And so we're not going to specifically guide to an incremental number of sales resources every year. We did that back in -- when we started to ramp the sales force investments. I think you can expect that we'll add a similar number of rep hires every year for what we've done in the last couple of years, and that's anywhere between kind of call it 80 and 100. So you can expect that we'll continue to do that.  And relative to where they're focused on new versus existing, as you can imagine when we do territory planning, they plan territories with that in mind, around size of customer, Greenfield opportunities. But again I think from a rep perspective that you're going to have some hunters, you're going to have some farmers, you're going to have some hybrid reps. And so I think it's a little bit of a mixed bag based on the territories that we put them in. So there isn't necessarily an incentive for them to sell more on the new customer side versus existing customer. If we can grow the business through existing customers, we're happy to have that happen. If we can grow the business through new customers, we're happy to have that happen. And we think we have a pretty balanced go-to-market approach to do both. 
James Benson: So yes, I'm glad you brought the FX impact. So interestingly enough that FX impact is about 1 point year-on-year on EBITDA. So FX alone is about a 1 point impact on kind of the company EBITDA if you look at it on a constant currency basis. So it is meaningful for the Company as I mentioned because we have more of our cost in U.S dollars. And relative to kind of -- I think there's a bunch of trends going on in media space. You mentioned a few. There's going to -- there is a bunch of new offerings -- there's going to be more over the top capabilities and that's going to need to be served by some platform. We think that certainly Akamai is one of those platforms that could serve some of those capabilities. We certainly signaled with the CapEx build-out that we're doing on the network side that we're pretty bullish on traffic growth here going into 2015. So you can expect that we're going to hopefully capitalize on some of what continues to be an emerging trend of traffic growth across all the media. You mentioned one -- social media continues to innovate. Streaming continues to be an area that's growing rapidly. There needs to be more and more gaming releases and software updates. So we're pretty optimistic about the media business going forward. 
James Benson: Yes, in most of the verticals, certainly the media and entertainment vertical had significant growth given what I talked about. But we saw a good growth in the commerce vertical, we saw good growth across our enterprise verticals. We had pretty growth across almost all of our verticals, probably with the one exception being on the public sector side that we probably haven’t seen as much growth in that vertical, but we didn’t expect see significant growth in that vertical but I think across the Board, with the exception of the public sector we've had pretty strong growth. 
