Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes. There's – as you may know, there's a lot of buzz right now about over-the-top and new video models emerging. This presents us with a lot of opportunity, and that's why we're increasing our investment in our media technologies and our platform scale. I think it's really hard to predict how much TV viewing will move over-the-top. The industry experts are trying to figure that out as well. And I think we'll have to see over the course of the next year just how big of an impact that is. Now as you know, we do a lot of business with most of the world's major broadcasters. And I think there's the opportunity to increase that business, and maybe in some cases, there'll be entities that don't do a lot of business with us, but the large majority of the world's major broadcasters already heavily use Akamai's services for their Internet content.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes, I think we're actually making good progress there. Our revenues have grown dramatically. We have two products that are viewed as really very capable of defending against the large-scale DDoS and application layer attacks, and they're unique in their capabilities with both the scale and sophistication, but also the ability to preserve performance of websites and apps and data centers that are under attack. A lot of the traditional solutions just get swamped with the volume of today's traffic. And even when you engage them, performance degrades substantially. So I think we are getting to be more recognized as a security player; still a lot of work to do there, but we're making progress.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yes, that is a potential business for Akamai. We are in that business today. We don't see many people streaming at 4K yet. We do support 4K, but we do see the quality levels increasing. So whereas a typical stream might have been done at a few megabits a second, now it's moving up towards 8 megabits a second or maybe a little bit more. But yeah, that's all potential business opportunity for Akamai, which is why we're investing in this area.
Frank Thomson Leighton: And on the second question, both Level 3 and Verizon resell Akamai services. They both have CDN efforts that compete with us, and I don't see any impact to their recent agreement on Akamai services.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, this is enabling Rackspace users to have the benefit of Akamai content delivery services with a click. So it becomes very easy to use Akamai in the connection with Rackspace's Cloud. And as part of our effort in general, we're trying to make our services easier to use and more broadly accessible, and this is a great step in that direction.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, we see tremendous potential for growth in APJ. You have a lot of the world's most important companies there. The majority of the world's population is there, a lot of end users coming online, so a lot of potential growth for us, and we are building out our strengths and experience and our management team there. And so that's why you would see those announcements.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, we had very strong growth in our carrier channel again. It's our strongest kind of growing component of our channel business. I don't think it's going to grow at the rates that we saw in 2014. One of the things that we had mentioned last year was Q4 – 2014 had a little bit of the benefit for a couple of large channel partners. We were ceding them with some business that was with Akamai Direct that we transitioned to them. It's really helped bootstrap their business going forward. So we had a little bit of higher growth rates in 2014, but very, very strong growth rates in Q1, and again, the fastest-growing component of our channel business.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, I think you can expect that the maturity business scales that the growth rates will slow from, let's face it, we've had growth rates over 100%, some of it benefiting from the Prolexic acquisition. But certainly, yeah I think you can expect in the near term, it's going to grow well north of the company average because even with the Prolexic acquisition anniversary occurring, but our expectation again, we've talked about the company model that our desire and ambition is to grow to $5 billion by the end of 2020. It requires a 17% growth rate. We think that there is opportunity for 17% growth rate really in all of our businesses. I think media has that opportunity to grow like that. I think the performance businesses have that opportunity; I think security does. So, I think there are a lot of – each one of our businesses individually have a lot of room left to grow. So, even though security growth rates, certainly once you go through an anniversary will slow, I think you can inspect that we are not nearly tapped out as far as opportunity in that space.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah. As we develop major new carrier relationships, typically that will be followed with some CapEx deployment to take advantage of those relationships. I don't think any one in particular as a big swing per se, so I wouldn't worry about that in particular. Obviously, China is a very important market, and so we are going to be working on the relationships there and expanding deployments. In terms of security, we develop a lot of the core technologies ourselves. We also look at partnerships. And as you know, M&A, we did acquire Prolexic last year. As I talked about earlier today, we acquired Xerocole. Now, Xerocole, I don't think was positioned as a security company with their recursive DNS technology, but that is an important component, technology component for us as we develop our Enterprise Security Solutions that we plan to bring to market next year. So as we go forward, you can expect sort of more of the same that way. There'll be a lot of organic development. There'll be partnerships. And potentially, we're always looking for companies that have good technology that we can bring to bear for the benefit of our customers.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Cisco is still in the early stages, so there has been customer adoption. There's a strong pipeline. I don't expect material impact on our revenues this year to Cisco – with the Cisco relationship, but there's a good road map in place and we hope that there'll be success in the marketplace that will start to really have a help to us in 2016.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Well, it has the potential for both. But as we talked about previously, the large majority of the world's major broadcasters are already sizable Akamai customers. So I think probably a lot of it is from customers that exist with us today, but would be doing new things with us as they move TV content over-the-top.
Frank Thomson Leighton: Yeah, we added about a little over 300 people in the quarter. We've been hiring – you're right. We've been hiring in sales, we've been hiring in services, we've been hiring in engineering. So hiring has been pretty pervasive in the company, and it's focused in kind of two specific areas. One, it's hiring to enable us to grow and it's also hiring to enable us to scale as a company. So we're hiring in all those areas. And you can expect that we're going to continue to hire throughout the year. I think you're probably going to see us hiring and our spending maybe grow more in line with revenue growth, kind of longer term, but we have been going through a period of hiring and spending, growing faster than revenue. That will kind of continue for a kind of short period of time. But I think that they're going to see it level off and grow more in line with revenue.
James Benson: Yes, certainly, we've tried to provide a handful of information in our business. One, we're providing a breakout now of our security business, so you can see our security business is growing and compare that to other cloud security companies. We certainly provide how the media business is growing and some of our other businesses. I think one thing that you can look at – you can certainly – people can follow the news. And the first question around over-the-top is a good question. I think there's a lot going on relative to the grand challenges that Tom talks about. Video over IP at scale is but one. There's a lot of buzz, you're starting to see announcements from companies developing over-the-top programming content. That is kind of a proof point. Those – the big customers that not all of them, but many of them are Akamai customers that we're poised to benefit as more and more of video content moves online. So some of it is listening to what we're talking about, following the trends that we outline the business, and then I think following the general industry around what's happening in the media ecosystem. You can listen to other companies talk about where they're rapidly changing and evolving media ecosystem, hard to find companies that aren't talking about their concern about security and attacks. Certainly, we have solutions that can address some of them, not all of them, but we're certainly bolstering the portfolio with that. So I think you got to look at our portfolio, and you got to look at the industry and kind of what's going on. And I think we're providing proof points. We provide a little more content annually at our Investor Summit because we can provide – we have you there for several hours – and we're able to kind of go through it in more detail. So since you're new to covering Akamai, I would encourage you to go to the IR website and listen to a replay of that. And we'd be happy to have a follow-up conversation with you on anything else that you'd like to understand.
James Benson: Yeah. So I think we have, I think, a little bit over 1,750 customers that are leveraging one of our security solutions. We have, roughly speaking, 5,400 customers. To your question around penetration, we actually think all customers could have the benefit of our security solutions. So our expectation is over the next three to five years, we certainly should be able to get – not that everyone is going to buy them, but I think that every single one of our customers, I think, is viable to covering one of our security solutions. And relative to customers that buy both security and other offerings, I would say that we still have customers that buy only security, especially those companies that came from Prolexic, so it's an upsell opportunity for us to sell them Web Performance Solutions. But in many cases, customers buy both Web Performance and Web Security.
James Benson: Yeah. On the Q1 FX versus our earnings guidance, I think we guided early February, it's about $1.5 million impact from the time of our earnings guidance to the end of the quarter. It was $3 million Q4 – I'm sorry, $7 million Q4 to Q1, but since our earnings guidance, it was about $1.5 million.
James Benson: Yeah. That was a good question. You're right. We had guided in Q1 because the growth rates for media, we were projecting they grew at 23% in Q4, and we were signaling that they weren't going to probably grow at those growth rates because of, one, a very strong Q4 on the traffic side; and, two, we were having a few more large customers renew in Q1 than normal. But the renewal process, you're right, it's embedded in the results and the renewals came out as expected, so nothing notable as far as it being kind of better or worse. They were as expected. And we're pretty bullish on 16% revenue growth, off of what we think was a pretty tough compare for Q1 of 2014. As you recall, in Q1 of 2014, we had a lot of large gaming and software releases. We also had the benefit of the Sochi Olympics. So for the business to grow at 16% with kind of that activity going on, we're pretty pleased.
James Benson: Yeah, I mean I think as we talked about that the media business can have variability from quarter to quarter because of gaming releases, software updates, things of that nature. But I think what we've said consistently is, we expect the business to grow in the mid-teens kind of on an ongoing basis. There's going to be some quarters and some years, it grows well north of that. There'll be some quarters and some years where it grows a little bit less than that. But we believe it's going to be a strong mid-teens grower kind of long term. And I would say that, again, some period, it's going to be faster than that, some period, it's going to be lower than that.
James Benson: Yeah, I mean if you just do the math on it, you know, kind of in that Performance and Security category that the other non-security businesses grew about 14%, which is consistent with what they grew in Q4, again, pretty solid growth that, as you can imagine, the Security is the new offering for the company. It's been a new offering for a while. I think with the Prolexic acquisition, there's been a lot of training and, I would say, focus from the sales force for selling security. And one of the things I had shared is that in addition, as we've been building out the sales force, the sales force also sells media. And so, I think what you're seeing is that the sales force sells the myriad of our solutions. I think we're seeing a little bit stronger growth in media and certainly in security. I think the Web performance growth rates are pretty good, but I think that certainly the Web performance growth rates, I think, are being impacted by maybe the focus more on the security space for now.
James Benson: Yeah, I mean we're very pleased with the gross margin performance. I think what tends to happen sometimes in Q4, Q4s tend to be seasonally our strongest revenue quarters, and so sometimes you tend to see margins uptick. Last year, we had gross margins of around 78%. I think we're probably going to have gross margins in the 77% to 78%. We're not that tight within a point. So we're very pleased, as you can imagine, that we've been building out more on the platform. We built more out in Q4. We built more out in Q1. We're signaling we got to do more in Q2. You can expect that when we're doing that, we're increasing in particular collocation costs for that build-out. We're seeing bandwidth costs that obviously increase with the level of traffic growth. But if you look at it in aggregate, having gross margins of 77% to 78%, we're very pleased with that.
James Benson: Yes, well, to be clear, we were a little bit lighter in Q1. We didn't signal in Q1 that were going to be kind of at 16% in revenue for the year. Our range is 16% to 18%. And what I'm saying is that, I think we're going that 18% or maybe a little bit higher than that. And I think what we're seeing is we're signaling that we are doing more network build-out. We did some in Q1. We're going to do more in Q2. And you can expect that that is in anticipation of traffic demand. And there is a lag between building out the network and monetizing it from a revenue perspective. The lag tends to be maybe a quarter or two. And what we want to make sure we're doing is we want to make sure we're building up the network to support the most aggressive traffic growth expectations. And we have found that if those traffic growth expectations don't materialize, we grow into it in the following quarter. So it's a low-risk proposition for us. And what we're doing is we're building out for what we think is going to be traffic growth in the back half of the year and we'll see if that occurs, but if it's a little bit less than what we expect, we'll just dial back CapEx thereafter. So I think you're going to see us go through a period of increased network build-out. And I think you should view that as a bullish sign from the company around what we think is opportunity ahead.
James Benson: Yes, I think you heard the tail end of it that we're – actually, we're quite bullish on all the businesses. But media in particular, the traffic build-out that we're signaling is we're definitely signaling some bullishness that we have on the traffic side. We'll see, again. As I said, we build out in anticipation of what we think is an aggressive traffic demand so that we're there for our customers should they need us. If we fall a little bit short of that, it will be just a quarter thereafter that we kind of lower our cap expectations. But we are very bullish about the prospects for security. So I think you're going to see continued growth in the security space. There's a lot of opportunity as well with Web performance. We're not nearly penetrated on Web performance with customers that, in particular in the international markets, there's a lot more opportunity. Certainly have opportunities in the U.S. as well, but we're pretty bullish on all the areas that – I think there's secular tailwinds for the company both in media, with more content moving online. I think there's opportunities in security and there's opportunities in Web performance. I think what you're seeing us do is we're investing to capitalize on those opportunities.
James Benson: Well, I'm not going to provide guidance beyond the second quarter. I did signal kind of just so that people have an awareness of where we're heading so that it is not a surprise. I think you can expect that it's a combination of both. It's customers that we currently have and it's customers that we expect may move to the Akamai platform and that's what we're bullish about.
James Benson: We don't disclose the EBITDA and operating margin of each one of the individual businesses. I think you can expect that the security business is in early-stage growth where we're investing more rapidly than we're seeing in revenue growth, so you can certainly see the security business is early-stage. And you can expect that we're going to continue to invest in that. We're going to invest in build-out of the network to support what we think is growing demand there. We're going to invest in more security engineering capability, more security sales capability. So we're going to continue to invest in – it's certainly one of the areas of significant investment for the company. It probably is worthy to note beyond security though, your comment about EBITDA, because I'm sure it's going to come up as a question, so I'm guiding 40% to 41%. I know we've joked about it on other calls, that I've been signaling this for a while. This is certainly something that we're guiding here for Q2. And I certainly signaled that that is the intent of the company to operate in the 40% to 41% range in the foreseeable future. I did outline a few areas. Obviously, M&A is a variable that may affect EBITDA margins longer-term, depending upon M&A activity that – whatever that company's profile is. Foreign exchange, depending upon what happens with foreign exchange, we have a little bit of a natural hedge, but it's certainly, as I mentioned, it's EBITDA erosion. So if foreign exchange continues to see the dollar strengthen, that will obviously have an impact on EBITDA margins, that is somewhat out of our control. And I'd say a third area is, we signaled more network build-out. I would say if we start to see a – maybe an inflection point and the need for us to build out faster to support our customers, we will do that. And that may have an impact on EBITDA margins. So those are things I would say, as I sit here right now, I think we're going to operate in the 40% to 41% range. But those are variables that could affect it, higher or lower.
James Benson: Sure. On the M&A front, both Xerocole and Octoshape had very little revenue. That was really not the purpose of those acquisitions. Those were kind of technology acquisitions and people-related acquisitions. They were quite – they had a little bit of revenue, but I would say not material to even comment on. I think we commented in the press release. Both copies combined had roughly 50 employees. So just do general math on that, you can probably – it's probably a $3 million sequential increase, $3 million to $4 million on spending. They certainly didn't have, obviously, the margin profile that Akamai does. So they're slightly dilutive, not very material, but slightly dilutive to Akamai. And on the EBITDA front, I'm not moving off the 40% to 42%; 40% to 42% is our long-term model. What I'm suggesting to you is that we're going through a period here where we're probably going to be operating the company at the lower end of that. And some of that, I think, is based on some upon some investments that we think are going to pay dividend. You know, one of the areas that we talked about is we are doing a little bit more in the way of network build-out, and so I think that is going to pressure EBITDA margins in the near term. And we probably shouldn't dwell too, too much on EBITDA margins by themselves because I think you need to look at the financial model of the company in aggregate that if our media business starts to explode on revenue and it has an impact on EBITDA margins, I'm not going to be unhappy with that. I mean, that's a business mix phenomenon that we'll deal with that – and so I think we just want to make sure that we're agile in responding to what we believe is traffic demand. And that's really what we're doing. And I think what I'm signaling is that we're probably going to operate at the lower end of our kind of range. And we'll see what happens as far as kind of the ecosystem for media. We'll see what happens with the overall macroeconomic environment with foreign exchange. And we'll see what happens relative to M&A for the company. But I would say based on what I shared at the Investor Summit, I do believe that is the right long-term model for the company.
James Benson: I don't know if you'll really see seasonality. I think what you might see in the security business sometimes is that because there can be very high-profile attacks that you read about in the media, sometimes when that happens, you do see an uptick in our security business because customers need to be protected immediately, and they'll turn to us to help them immediately. So you might see some, I wouldn't call it seasonality, but you might see an uptick if in fact you start to see some significant high-profile media events that occur. But I think in general, it's a subscription revenue business, and that's the way it will operate. It doesn't necessarily have spikes based on traffic usage or things of that nature.
James Benson: Well, you can think that, as I mentioned, it's about a one point EBITDA impact year-on-year. So you can have a general flavor of what the flow-through is of that. Our EBITDA is 40% to 41%. The flow-through is probably closer – on the FX line is closer to 50%. So you can take that $22 million that I mentioned and then you're probably going to see an $11 million flow-through from a foreign exchange perspective. And obviously, that will flow through to earnings as well.
James Benson: Yes. So we've had good adoption on the new Ion product line. As you know, there's Ion Standard, which is really focused on excellent performance, ease of use, and on the mobile environment. Ion is all about providing excellent performance in a variety of use cases, where the user may be and how they're connecting and what device they're using. And then Ion Premier, which is really the ultimate, all the technologies we have designed to make a really fast and reliable experience for the end user. There's a lot of mobile technologies that we are developing. In fact, if you look at the Investor Summit presentations, we list several of them and talk about them there, so you can get a lot more technical detail, but things: front-end optimization, adaptive image compression, the Shadow Protocol, which we developed for decreasing the frequency of communications of mobile devices and suppressing the headers, so less back-and-forth there. So, there's a variety of things we do to try to optimize the experience and get around the inherent bottleneck of lack of capacity and high latencies in cellular environments.
