Thomson Leighton: Yes. So we're pretty excited about the future potential for the security business. Today that revenue and almost all the growth is associated with our Kona Site Defender and Prolexic products now with Bot Management, being one of our most successful new products ever. And so that is the existing base. Bot Manager has a long way to go for growth, which is great. And then as we’ve talked about on the call with our approach to enabling a zero-trust architecture, that's pretty much brand new and we're at the early stage of bookings, seeing them ramp substantially should start really making a difference with the revenue we report in 2019 and 2020. And in the long run that has probably more potential than the existing business, which is already driving $700 million annual run rate and growing in the high 30s. So I think as you look to the future, there's a ton of runway for our security business and we're in a great position there. Now in terms of your second question, ability to invest. Yes, I do believe that we can continue to make the margin improvement we talked about, get to 30% in 2020 and still be able to make the investments we need in security. And part of that is being very careful with how we spend our OpEx. And as you can tell, we've made great progress in the efficiency of our platform. We delivered a ton more traffic this year than last year, the dollars we spent to do that with bandwidth and Colo actually declined. And that generates a lot of cash for us and we're focusing a lot of our investment to grow the security business. So I think with careful management of OpEx and fantastic product set and capabilities there, we got a long way to go with security growth.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, I mean we don't comment specifically on our sales and marketing or sales headcount. I can tell you that in particular for the Web Division, as you can imagine that we do have a specialty salesforce that is there support, our enterprise sales account leaders that have security expertise, they have enterprise security expertise in some cases they have expertise in particular domain areas and so we have a model where obviously the enterprise rep needs to be proficient in selling certain offerings and then they have a model of basically specialist support on top of that. That is an area that we actually have kind of an outside consulting firm that's helping us; look at tuning the model, tuning the models to drive maybe acceleration in new customer acquisition, maybe through a more enhanced new customer motion. And then in particular trying to drive more velocity, the existing sales reps that we do have and some of that has to do with better leveraging the specialty model, possibly consolidating components of this specialty model. So that's generally what the Web Division salesforce looks like. It's a little bit different on the media side. The media side, obviously the bulk of the revenue in the media business is traffic related revenue. So less of a – kind of an overlay model, although they do also get support from security and as I mentioned and Tom mentioned, a huge progress on selling security into the Media Division customer base we expect that to continue.
Thomson Leighton: Well, you'll see it show up in a couple of ways. One, you will see it show up and kind of modest improvement with sales or marketing spend as a percent of revenue. And then if we execute well, you'll see in the form of an acceleration of revenue growth. I think you know, that the Web Division is different than the Media Division where its catalyst is selling more sales transaction does not necessarily, having traffic and having the right customers that push traffic and then following that, you guys sell more to them. And so, it'll take more to get Web Division growth accelerated as far as the timeframe is concerned, but you'll see it show up if we execute well both in more improvement with sales and marketing as a percent of revenue and an acceleration and revenue growth.
Thomson Leighton: Yes, well already we now have the capability for developers in parallel at even a given company to make changes on the fly, test them out. We have an edge container for them and they can do it on the edge platform. So it's a very nice thing in terms of DevOps for our larger customers have lots of developers making changes simultaneously on their website and be able to do this in a safe and efficient way. Just in terms of DevOps on our edge platform, of course the edge platform is important for so many other reasons, the capacity to deliver large amounts of video at high quality, the capacity to absorb giant denial of service attacks, the data that we get at the edge from conducting so many of the world's transactions and main server lookups being close to end users and all the devices, both through application performance, mobile performance and the Internet of Things, where you've got to be managing metadata within milliseconds of the devices, the edge is important for all of those reasons.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. So on Web performance and security that probably has to do with actually more recent packaging to be frank, literally over the last call it six months to nine months. And so I think there are a lot more room to grow as far as bundling security with performance. Not just for existing customers, but it's also an attractive option to get new customers on the platform because they get both security and performance at the same time. And so I think there's certainly an opportunity there. And as we talked about at the Analyst Day, although to be frank, our margin expansion in 2018 really have surpassed our expectations even at the Analyst Day. We talked a little bit about the fact that it wouldn't necessarily be linear, that you wouldn't necessarily see a linear progression from where margins were to getting to 2020. Obviously you've seen here 300 bps, possibly of improvement from 2017 to 2018. So if you assume we're called 26.5% for 2018, you basically have 350 bps to get to 30% in 2020. It probably won't be linear in 2019. Having said that, there will be progress in 2019, so we’ll not flatline, we will make continued progress in 2019, but it probably won't be linear. So you probably won't necessarily have 175 bps improvements in 2019, but you will get improvement in 2019. And some of that is because a lot of the actions that we're taking a very smart and very measured. We're implementing changes in third-party spend. We're building out a global procurement function instead of capabilities. We're putting in place process standardization and automation in our G&A functions for critical tasks. We're kind of revamping our go-to-market model in specific areas. And these are items that take a little bit of time to put in place. They're going to see that a lot of that infrastructure is going to be put in place in 2019 and you'll get the bigger benefit for that in 2020 to improve the efficiency. So there is a path to get there. And there is a path to get there with varying levels of revenue growth for the company. So we're pretty confident in our ability to get there.
Thomson Leighton: Yes. They're buying the same products, and in fact, we have a couple of very large media accounts, some of the first large adopters of our zero-trust solutions for the enterprise security. So I would say media companies are like other verticals in terms of having a real need for security. And of course a lot of the headlines you read for data breaches some of those are big media companies. The only thing that makes media different is that there's a smaller number of really big customers that drive media revenue overall and media revenue overall tends – the majority of that is driven by their traffic, the traffic in the top 250 global media brands. But they are big consumers of security.
Thomson Leighton: It's very early days in zero-trust, and so I would say most enterprises see sales aren't there yet. But you're seeing the first wave and it comes across many verticals, which is really exciting prospect for us, we have the early adopters that they get it. They understand that the traditional model of building a moat around the castle or putting in the VPN in the firewall just doesn't cut it. It's just way too easy for somebody to click on the wrong link even when they're not in the company, when they're on the outside, bring the device on the inside and you’re dead. Before you know it, you got a major data breach. And so the notion of authenticating somebody that network layer, I think people are starting to realize it doesn't work. You can't get the security you need, plus have a big overhead with a lot of costs and instead by authenticating at the application layer, now you would get access on an app-by-app basis and then you can add in our Kona Site Defender that's fantastic. Much more secure and we've had some really great proof points among the early adopters of catching infections that were inside, devices on the inside that were infected, they were trying to ex-filtrate data that they just didn't know about. So we're in the early days, we have a now over a couple hundred customers, some major brands using it and you see our bookings really accelerating now. So we're very excited about the future there. And they're still a long way to go either it's not going to be next year that all enterprise, suddenly decide they're going to totally change their security posture. But you are seeing the leaders now start to do that and that's exciting.
Thomson Leighton: A little of it and sometimes – what we're really seeing is if there's sites or apps that don't matter that the customer has. They will sometimes source that with a competitor. But for apps and sites that matter in our base those would be Akamai. And in addition, if the app or site matters, you got to secure it. And you can't secure it with most all the other providers out there or at least not to the level that you need to. And so in fact, that's why the bundle is so helpful and a real competitive advantage. And in many cases the sale is led by security and the delivery or the performance comes with the product or comes in the bundle, so that I think makes a big difference. It's not just an issue, hey, there's very few cases where you say, I'm going to split this site with two vendors. Now you do get that in video or media. You don't really see that on the website. You'll see some of the apps that don't matter as much or you don't care about securing, those might be given to our competitor that we'll see some of that out there. And again bundling, I think can be a good defense against that as well.
James Benson: Maybe only other thing that I would add is that we've had – as we talked about on the last call that one of the go-to-market areas that we really focusing on is new customer acquisition. And in particular, we actually had a really strong quarter in Q3 on new customer acquisition in the Web Division actually up over 30% from Q2 level. So we're starting to get traction on new customer acquisition. As we talked to you about in the past, we’ve done exceptionally well as a company of expanding our offerings into the installed base, as evidenced by a lot of the new product traction that we have made, I think in Q2 with $170 million run rate business on an annualized basis, and it's over $220 million in Q3, so great progress on selling more to the installed base. The area that we had some work to do was around new customer acquisition and we were quite pleased with the traction that we made in the quarter. So I think Tom is right. [There’s always areas] to the portfolio that are doing better than others that we’re pretty optimistic that the actions that we have in place between new customers, pricing and packaging, new product upsell that those are the right sets of actions to drive performance improvement for the company. And I think what it also does as we talked about at the Investor Day is Akamai’s revenue streams are so much more diversified now. So our strategy around investing both organically and through M&A to broaden the solution base, to broaden the customer base, and expand further into new geographies, I think is a strategy that I think is the right strategy for the company to accelerate growth.
James Benson: Sure. On the margin expansion front, we're very, very pleased. Actually the progress we've made this year to be frank is exceeded our expectations. So ending Q3 to 27% operating margins guiding 28% for Q4 that we talked a little bit about that at the June Analyst Day around the areas that we are driving. And it's a bit of a follow-up to Tom's point around. I think it was key to ask the question around, can we make the investments we think we need while including margins? I think it's important to remember that the areas that we're targeting is some level of improvement we’re expecting in gross margins and you're already starting to see that. But we also talked a lot about the areas we're going after significant margin improvements really in G&A, it's not in R&D, and so that's not an area that we're going to be scaling back on. There might be some areas of R&D that we can get some better efficiency out of, but the primary areas we're looking for scale or in G&A. We talked about what some of those areas are. We've already begun to get some traction in third-party procurement spend within our IT function in particular and we expect significantly more to be had there. We also expect some improvements in the go-to-market space as we drive more productivity per dollar we spend in sales and marketing. So I'm pretty bullish about where we're at. And so, you think about where we're at, this is almost – if we hit the high-end of our range here, you could almost be operating at 27% operating margins, which is a 300 bps improvement from where we were in 2017. So we're well on our way to 30%. And there's a lot more work to be done. We've only begun to see the benefit some of the actions that we've taken. And your second question around media. As we talked about in the past, the pricing environment in the media business is highly competitive and so that hasn't changed. It's a very competitive pricing environment, but the pricing environment hasn't changed really in the last quarter. It remains competitive, but not kind of better or worse than it was. I'd say in Q2. And it varies obviously based on customer and the amount of traffic that they pushed and the expected price point that they're looking for. But in general, the pricing environment is aggressive, but unchanged from Q2.
James Benson: Yes. I mean, we're not going to talk about 2019 on this call. We will provide a lot more color on 2019 in the February call. But I do think that some of what we outlined at the June Analyst Day and we talked a bit about just now, which is Web growth is about a few areas. It's about new product upsell, so there's a lot more room to grow there. We’re not nearly penetrated with the new products that we've introduced. There is a lot more rooms for new product upsell. Tom mentioned pricing and packaging. This is packaging multiple products to customers. It makes us stickier with customers because you have a value proposition that competitors can't match. New customer acquisition is a big one. That is an area that we had room for improvement and early days still, but we're getting traction in new customer acquisition. And so that's really the focus, obviously there's new areas that Tom Highlighted, Internet of Things being one, Blockchain being another. So there's enough catalysts for between existing products that we have that we're not penetrating new customers and then new emerging areas, to drive growth in the Web Division.
James Benson: Yes, I think certainly, Michael, I'd say the growth moderate a bit from Q2 to Q3 and the CDN other category, and talked a little bit about that that a lot of focus on security as Tom outlined. Some of that also as we saw packaging products that that is becoming kind of a little bit of blurry distinction because you're packaging performance with security as part of some of the offerings and so with an element of that. And as we said, we’re starting to see the salesforce sell more of our security offerings and what tends to happen is when you start to have something that they get traction and that's what they tend to sell more of them. We're starting to see that. In relative to 2019, we'll share more of that in February. I think you're right that there are some things that you're going to anniversary that Nominum acquisition that actually happened this quarter as a matter of fact that we had them for a month in Q4. And then we know that there's variability in events in the media business that you tend to have more events and in even years than you do odd years. But there's a lot of variability in the media business that it's not just events, events still drive while they are a catalyst for some level of traffic, there's a lot of things in the media business that we've talked about that if there's continued secular tailwinds in gaming, continued secular tailwinds with more and more traffic moving online as far as video delivery. So there's a lot of catalysts for growth in the media business. So it's kind of – I'm not going to provide guidance here. But yes, there are some headwinds that you had outlined. But they're also a lot of tailwind opportunities just from a secular perspective in that business.
James Benson: Okay. The only thing I would add is that, we still have a little over 40% of our customers buy one of our security products. But we are more – that’s a total company comment, but we are more penetrated in the web division. I mean we certainly have a lot more room to grow in the Web Division. We are not nearly as concentrated on security in the Media Division, so they make great traction. And one thing Tom didn't comment on is that the Media Division sales team put in place a pretty clever incentive compensation programs really drive security and we're seeing huge benefit from that in 2018. So I expect further progress in security and the Media Division here over the coming quarters.
James Benson: Yes, I mean, I think the actions we've taken over the last 12 months are manifesting themselves in the results you're seeing. Put some headcount actions for the Company in Q4 and Q1 the big focus of that really was a pretty deep inspection around some R&D areas that we weren't generating the level of return that we wanted. So you're seeing that manifests itself in the P&L You're starting to see some early traction and some of the efficiency efforts outside of that. I mentioned third-party procurement spend being one, like I mentioned in the last call, facility consolidation being another. And so I wouldn't say we're operating at peak margin, obviously we showed good progress. I think we have a lot more room for expansion. Of course, you got to make sure that you're investing wisely in the areas they're going to continue to drive growth and scale for the company. And we think we're doing that, we're making the right prioritization tradeoffs, but I still think we can drive further margin expansion and make the investments in the business that I needed.
