Tom Leighton: Our government business is very strong, particularly in security. We defend most -- all the major agencies in the government, pretty much every branch of the military. So, I would say we have a very strong business there.
Tom Leighton: And in terms of the developer focused question, we've done a lot of work to make our platform be very accessible to developers. A lot of efforts there and strong progress. And in fact, on a daily basis, we're now spinning up about 5 billion applications on Edge workers and that's every day. So strong adoption of our capabilities in terms of Edge computing.
Tom Leighton: Yeah. And the strength was really across all of our product categories. All of them growing at close to 20% or more. Infrastructure doing well, app and API protection. Fraud, well into close to 30% growth, and access, the best of all. And of course, that will get a lot stronger now, with Guard core and the ransomware solution. So, it's across-the-board in security.
Tom Leighton: Yes. We continue to look and invest in new capabilities and security, both organically and through M&A. As we talked about, tape integrity manager released in the last year, very exciting technology. Going forward we have account protector, there's a lot of customer interest there. And then early next year, audience hijacking protection. I think that's -- a lot of customers have asked for that and that stops malware plug-ins from stealing or hijacking their audience right before the point-of-sale or the transaction is executed.  Obviously, in the Access segment, I think that's a huge area of future growth. Really excited about the Guard core acquisition that combines very nicely with our 0 trust solutions that combines with enterprise application access to give you the full combination of North Southeast, West will be compelling in the market. So, we're continuing to invest across the board and a portion of the existing solutions that -- we continually work on those to add features, stay ahead of the new attack vectors. So, it's not just like you building a web app firewall, you're constantly adding new capabilities to it to stay ahead of the attackers to keep our customers safe.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, I think that's probably not a bad place to peg it Jim. Q4 always tends to be a bit of a stronger quarter and that verticals, a little bit of seasonality there. You always have renewals. So, whenever you have a renewal, you'll see it pull back a couple of million dollars depending on the timing and that sort of stuff. But I think [Indiscernible] it's been a low 60's, it's probably a decent place to peg it.
Tom Leighton: Primarily, we've used the equity buyback to offset the equity dilution from employee grants. And from time-to-time, we do buy back additional shares and we've seen that over the years. And we use that approach such that as the stock price declines, we will buy back more.
Tom Leighton: Yeah, we're always looking at new capabilities as I mentioned. And of course, the attackers are always innovating with new forms of attack. But I am very excited about the Guardicore acquisition and I think it really does fill out and complete our access story, our ability to stop ransomware and malware. As I mentioned, we already have capabilities that prevent the malware from getting in. Enterprise Application Access in particular governs what employees can touch and access and even then, it has to come through Akamai's application firewall, so we're making sure that malware doesn't come in. We also have multi-factor authentication which make sure that the employee is who they say they are. And now we're -- Guardicore, we stopped the spread of the malware if it does get in. And there are a lot of ways the into the enterprise today. It is really -- despite all the defenses you put in place, somebody for example, in the capital pipeline case, a password or potential gets out there.  Now we still have ways of catching that somebody is using a stolen credential, but malware does get in still, and so the real key there is stopping the spread, and that's what Guardicore does. And so now I think it's really nice because you stopped the ransomware with Guardicore, but we've got the whole package in whole solution now. And I think that's really unique in the marketplace and very exciting.
Tom Leighton: Yes. Our strategy in security is to combine organic development, we have intelligence, and timely acquisitions. And we'll continue to do that. And of course, when you buy a Company after a year, its growth becomes organic and it's no longer counted as an acquisition growth per se, and I think we've had a really great track record of doing that in security, going back all the way to Prolexic acquisition in 2014. And as I mentioned, I think Guardicore is fundamentally like that in terms of really transforming our enterprise security business, just like Prolexic transformed our DDoS business, which of course today is very, very successful.  We're the market leader by far and our goal is to do that on the Enterprise Security side to things like stopping ransomware and stopping malware. And as we -- as Ed said, as we continue to want to grow our security business over the longer term at 20+% that we'll include acquisitions, and I think acquisitions are a good thing. It gives you a jump start on technology, an important area. Guardicore has been working for a long time to develop their micro-segmentation approach. I believe it is market getting what they do. They're the best folks out there, and now we have the benefit of all of the years of effort that they put into that at a perfect time. Because a lot of companies are rightly worried about stopping ransomware and now Akamai's in a position to help them do that. And of course, it sits with a lot of our organic development on technology around EAA. It's an ideal combination. So, we'll continue to do both and in working hard to continue to our security growth that
Tom Leighton: enterprise security. We already have a very strong access solution there. And now we have what we believe is the best solution to stop ransomware for with micro-segmentation. And by adding that to Akamai, we now have a new set of competitors there, because we're entering their space and we think there's a lot of potential gain for Akamai there, and ability to help major enterprises.
Tom Leighton: Okay, thank you, everyone. In closing we'll be presenting at a number of investor conferences and road shows throughout the rest of the fourth quarter. And details of these can be found in the Investor Relations section of akamai.com. We appreciate you joining us, and all of us here at Akamai wish continued good health to you and yours, and have a great evening. Thank you.
Ed Mc Gowan: Yeah, hey Jim, it's Ed. I'll take the first one and then maybe Tom can follow up on the developers. But in terms of the sales force, we're going to maintain the sales force that we acquired from Guard core. This is pretty typical what we do with our acquisitions. They will be primarily in an overlay function. It's a little bit different of a sale. Very similar to some of our enterprise sales and we just we'll build out that team a bit.  Probably takes maybe a year or so as the rep start to introduce Guard core into their accounts that they begin to get comfortable with selling Guard core. That's been our typical model, so I think we've got a pretty good -- acquired a great team from Guard core and we just combine that with our existing enterprise sales team. And then as far as channels go, we did pick up a few channel partners as a result of Guard core and we're still actively out recruiting more and more channel partners.
Ed Mc Gowan: Yeah. Hey, Sterling, 2 points on that, so yes, I think we should see better contribution from Guard core and also, we've been off to a pretty good start here in the first couple of weeks since we closed the acquisition rate, they finished very strong. I was very impressed to see several multimillion-dollar deals, in several different verticals across the different GOs. We saw a couple in the U.S., a couple in EMEA and APJ, we saw deals and transportation which isn't really a huge vertical for Akamai as well as other verticals were strong in like insurance and finance. So off to a pretty good start, pretty optimistic so far, and I do think they'll contribute a bit more next year. We'll give you a full guidance on our next call for next year, but so far off to a pretty good start.
Ed Mc Gowan: And then on your second question? [Indiscernible] Yes. Sure. On the second question was around the verticals that were impacted and if you recall we out commerce and travel. I would say in travel we're starting to see a bit of improvement there, we're starting to see traffic pick up a little bit. As a reminder, that's above 4% of our total revenue, so it doesn't have a huge impact in terms of what we're seeing as far as an improvement, but it's good to see that that's starting to pick up a little bit.  Commerce, I would say is pretty mixed. We're seeing good strength in security, still seeing some pressure, especially in the U.S. Commerce vertical. That's a much bigger vertical. That's around 15% of total revenue. So, we're not quite out of the woods yet with commerce, again, especially in the U.S. That's the area that we're probably seeing the most weakness, and that's still persisting from the pandemic.
Ed Mc Gowan: Sure. Well, I'll start with the second part on margin. So yes, you're correct. Next year, we'll be expecting that we should start traveling again, so it'll be a little bit more OpEx there. You're right to call it CapEx as I think the team is doing a fantastic job on a lot of CapEx efficiency projects that we've got going with both software and hardware. Being able to drive that down you would expect that CapEx to be back to those normal levels that we've seen, maybe even a touch lower. So that impacts your depreciation, but it takes a while for that to flow through the model. I'm sure you won't get a ton of benefit of that right away, but certainly down the road you will.  I have given some prior guidance when we had the Guardicore call about operating in the 29% to 30% range for next year. And then hopefully getting back, or we will get back to over 30% in '23. Obviously, we'll update you. I mentioned earlier to Sterling that Guardicore contribution probably a bit better than what we said earlier on. I don't have a number to call out yet, so that'll obviously help out the operating margins a touch there. And then you asked about U.S. and international and the disparity between the two.  I sort of flip it around and say that it's not so much the U.S. being weak, but really just strong international growth. U.S. is low single-digit. I mentioned on the previous question that's where we're having the most trouble with our U.S. commerce vertical, which are pretty significant vertical in the U.S. and then we also have a lot of large media customers that are in the U.S. and that's where you tend to see more of the splitting of traffic and pricing pressure. So those things combined sort of put a little bit of pressure in terms of the growth rate in the U.S. but, really the strength outside the U.S. is something that I think is a significant advantage for us.  We made a lot of investments both in the network and the sales teams, etc. and we've been able to drive pretty significant growth. Very happy with what I'm seeing in terms of participation, or as strong growth in countries like Korea, Spain, Brazil, Mexico, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, I mean across-the-board, we're seeing very strong growth. Latin America, in particular has been very strong. We made an acquisition there a couple of years ago, start to get some good scale out of that. A little bit of a mixed picture in the U.S. with some challenges in commerce. But really, I have looked at it as just very strong international presence and growth.
Ed Mc Gowan: Yes, I think that's a good way to look at the key. If I look at in the web performance, especially in commerce, that's where the primary challenge is right now. But if I look at security, obviously the U.S. was the first to adopt. We're still seeing very, very strong growth, and as matter of fact, 67% of our customers are buying 1 security product, 34% are buying 2. If you put that into perspective in a year, we've gone up 6 points in terms of security adoption for the customer base. That's adding over 600 customers. So, we're seeing good broad-based strength in security, both here in the U.S. and also internationally. But I think you're thinking about it in the right way in terms of having strong security growth in both regions.
Ed Mc Gowan: Yes, great question, Jim. Q1 tend be the lower quarter from a cash flow perspective just because of working capitals, when you say your bonus is off. But I think if you peg your CapEx to that 15% range, you're looking at pretty significant improvements. I think if you use that as your guide, working off the operating margins we gave you and think about Q1 as probably being a low point as you're modeling out your free cash flow. But yeah, very, very strong free cash flow generation this quarter for sure.
Ed Mc Gowan: And I do feel that in this market, Akamai has a very strong presence, both in CDN and security. Our security business growing at 25% on a very big number. And I do feel that Akamai is worth lower in this market. And so, you may see us buyback additional shares, especially depending on how the stock price fluctuates.
Ed Mc Gowan: Yeah. Sure, I'll take that. We'll start with the Edge. Obviously, Edge, is quite a busy quarter in Q4. As I talked about, seasonality from e-commerce, I think it's obviously a tougher quarter to call here with some supply chain disruptions and things like that. Does that drive more or less Internet traffic, and what does that holiday season look like? Typically, a very strong media quarter where you see new devices, and games coming online -- I'm sorry. Devices, consoles, etc. coming online.  And then you also have a lot of sporting events in Q4, back-to-school, you've got lots of game releases, so it can be a pretty robust season for us and obviously challenging to call I looked at the events calendar, it's pretty full, so provided we can see some good traffic, you can see good upside we delivered that in the last couple of years. In terms of security, it’s not stopped as seasonal.  Certainly, there are some bundles we have where there is -- traffic can impact that a bit but, I think to take our security guidance, we've been pretty conservative in the way that we've approached security, and we've been over-delivering every quarter. I think, with that obviously Guardicore is off to a good start so I wouldn't imply that as a seasonal down tick or anything like that in our security growth.
Ed Mc Gowan: Yes. I would say it's good execution. And if anything, with the supply chain, we're not seeing supply chain disruptions in terms of the fact that we actually, if you remember a few calls ago, we talked about in the pandemic, we took capex up and we were pretty cautious in terms of making sure that we had plenty of extra capacity available for -- if you see the pandemic continue and see traffic growth, etc. So, we learned in, we built up our inventory a bit, we fund a lot of small equipment so that we're not concerned right now anyway with the supply chain. So, I'd say that's part of what's driving it as we built out ahead of demand, we're pretty smart in the way we did that.  But also, I mentioned there's a number of CapEx efficiencies that Adam and his team are working on. Not only just software, but network design, deployment optimization, looking at different hardware improvements, and just to anyway to drive a good focus on lowering our need for capex and also keep in mind we have great relationships with the networks and ISP. So, in terms of doing optimization inside of their networks, are able to do that as well. So, I'd say it's really a great execution on the team's part, and CapEx has come down pretty significantly, you see that in our free cash flow results.
Ed Mc Gowan: Yes. Right now [Indiscernible] you see another pandemic or some major events and we see some crazy unexpected traffic growth, yeah, I think it's a sustainable number, certainly going into next year. I don't want to get into giving guidance, but I think that I talked about in the past that we'd be getting back to this level and we're actually operating a little bit better than that.
Ed Mc Gowan: Yes. So, I'll take the second part first. You know, that's why we give a pretty wide range. I just mentioned on the last question that, it's hard to predict what the commerce season looks like. And obviously, when you are in the business of delivering Internet traffic, one model could suggest that, well, shelves are not stocked. People are doing more surfing to find things. Another model would suggest that there's not as much shopping and people are giving cash and gift cards. Hard to tell, but we did put out a pretty big range there. Also keep in mind that a lot of our Commerce customers, about half of our Commerce customers have taken, we call our 0 overage, so you've kind of flattened out that first thing.  So, the bursting for commerce is not as big of an impact if we're still has an impact. In terms of the device cycle, that's an interesting one. We do expect and we have seen over the last several years, especially in the last couple of weeks of the year, as new devices come online as a lot of firmware updates and things like that, I still expect to see that, but there's other things that are not as dependent on that, for example, gaming releases, new video content that comes out if you don't have a new machine, you're watching it on your old machine. So, I still think that we'll have a pretty big immediate quarter for sure.  That's why I've given a pretty wide range to try to take those things into consideration. And then on your supply chain question you had asked about, when does this become a problem? That's funny. I asked the same questions to my team as we go through our capex build-out. We've done a nice job of building out several quarters’ worth of inventory here, and we've diversified our supply chain. And the team's done a good job of ensuring that we're not seeing any significant increase in price or anything like that.  A little bit on the freight side, but it's not really material and I think that should start to work itself out. But if we do see another massive growth and traffic, maybe we should start to run into some problems, but so far so good. And like I said, the team did a really good job preparing, not expecting this type of a disruption in the supply chain, but expecting that the result from the pandemic would last a lot longer. So, we did some scenario planning, so we're in pretty good shape at the moment.
Ed Mc Gowan: Yes, I think one thing to keep in mind, Alex, is you've got the anniversary of [Indiscernible] Southern Europe, your growth rate lapse in Q4 for [Indiscernible] and then we got in Guardicore. We've said in the -- when we did our analyst data that we expected to be able to grow 20% [Indiscernible] 3 to 5 years with acquisitions being part of the strategy. And you can see that the Guardicore acquisition with the prior guidance, and a couple of points of growth. We obviously did much better this year than we expected going into the year.  Security has over performed every single quarter. We still feel pretty comfortable with our 20% growth rate as we talked about, as a matter of fact coming out of this year we're doing a bit better than that. So, I think, if you're taking the super all end of the range, maybe you could come up with that formula, but we're expecting pretty solid growth here over the security in Q4.
Ed Mc Gowan: I think the competitive environment is very similar to what it's been in the past. It's -- it is a very competitive environment. Across-the-board from Cloud giants who are also our largest customers, all the way down to startups. Obviously, CDN is a mature environment. competitively, and so I don't see there's any fundamental change there. Security is really a great environment for us. We're the market leader by far in the core areas of defending and protecting websites, applications, and APIs, The leader by far and DDoS prevention. And those are areas that have a lot of attacks taking place. And now, the new category for us where we're going to encounter new competition because we're moving into that space in a big way would be
Ed Mc Gowan: So, Brian, we're not going to breakout Edge apps every quarter. We talked about it last time growing at over 30%, and we think that business can continue to sustain that. I think we'll exit the year on a run rate over $200 million, which is a pretty good healthy growth rate there. And then just the -- again, we're not breaking out the Edge delivery business this quarter, we'll do it at the end of the year.
Ed Mc Gowan: Yes. So, it's obviously a just a tougher compare. This is the First Quarter that we don't have that compare and you saw that we were roughly flat in terms of total Edge Tech. I think as we get into next year, it's an easier compare. I think we're comfortable with our longer-term growth, a low single-digits for the Edge business over time, obviously. With the Edge applications business much faster growing as that becomes more material that could change the growth rate. I think it's just continued execution and traffic growth going into next year on a much easier to compare, I think you'll start to see a bit of growth rate pick up a little bit there.
