Dick Harrison: Thanks, Kristian. Maybe just a couple of quick comments, and then we'll open it up for questions. But it was – been an interesting and a good quarter for us. And we just feel confident as evidenced in some of the press releases that we've released in the last couple of weeks. I think most recently today we have one from Volvo and Raytheon as well this week that some of the things we've been talking about, about this market and our leadership position are starting to materialize a little bit. So let's throw it open to questions and get into it, and have a good discussion about what's happening.
Dick Harrison: Well the pipeline for Q2 we feel is really strong. And the pipeline for the balance of the year, and even as we look out in the next year a little bit, is strong. It continues to increase. We've spoken about the dominoes themselves. But again, behind the dominoes, we have today, I think there are in the range of 150 active displacement campaigns. In our competitor's basis, there are over 100 active deals that we think are worth more than $1 million, let's say, that could happen in the next, let's say, year. One of the things that happened in the first quarter was that some of the sizes of the deals increased. Often times, we'll be talking to the customer about a particular transaction. And what we saw in the first quarter was that we've been able to demonstrate conclusively the values that our solution brings to the customer. So as we've done the pilots and so forth, that value creation enables us to have a discussion about a broader footprint, more applications inside the whole Windchill footprint. And some of those deals grew in size. We had them in the forecast. We had them in the pipeline. But they might have gone from a $1 million deal to a $3 million deal, or a $3million to a $5 million. And that's what contributed a lot to the upside. So we don't always know exactly how big those deals are going to be. We do know we have a nice list and a growing list in the – in the pipeline. And that gives us a pretty good deal of confidence for the second quarter, and really for the balance of the year.
Dick Harrison: I would not say they're playing a huge role yet, but it's increasing. So we've had some of the large systems integrators involved. And I want to say, of the 11 dominoes, maybe three or four of them, in that range, but it's growing. And in a couple of cases they have brought us in, there's one that we haven't talked about yet, where we have a – and it's a big company where Accenture brought us in and we've completed the pilot for the most part and think we're going to get an order here shortly, the first nice big order. But increasingly, I think the systems integrators are saying that the market – I think that's one of the questions that we want to try talk about a little bit today. And as we engage or deal over the rest of the year is really how big is this market? And how big is our window vis-à-vis the competitors that we have because it's an interesting point about the systems integrators. If the market is as big as we think it's going to be, they'll play an increasingly bigger and bigger role here in the future.
Dick Harrison: And I don't want to start giving a whole bunch of different ways to measure things and – we'll go back and rethink the dominoes, as Jim said, we're going to blow through the number, the 12 number. What we thought – again just to reiterate it, what's most important was the concept of dominoes when we couldn't – you gave us a lot of questions in the last year about, "Well if you think you guys are winning, why don't we see it." So we tried to use the dominoes to illustrate that. There's no better illustration than 50% license revenue growth. And in a reiteration of 50%, again, what company, public or private, anywhere in the world today, for greater than $50 million in revenues is doing 50% license growth? I think there was a lot of skepticism yesterday about whether or not we do 20% license growth. So the dominoes are important sign post, as Neil called them, and we're going to continue to report on. More importantly, there is 150 other displacements behind them, a very large pipeline, and the license revenue is growing at 50%. So that to me is what is compelling about the report today.
Dick Harrison: Ross, we'll not get into starting to report on the size of deals and – customers don't want us to, and so forth. We've been consistently reporting the deals over $1 million and you can see it in quarter. There were 10 deals over $1 million. A year ago there were nine. The average deal size in the year ago quarter I think was $2.5 million. And this quarter, it was about $5 million. I tried to describe that earlier when I said that we're getting – the customers are doing pilots. They're realizing value. Just to try to give you an illustration, companies are trying to – let's say, they're working together to build an engine at a particular car, and auto engine. Multiple designers are across the globe because they're globalizing their engineering. And they're updating their designs real time, and communicating, and collaborating, and they're building pilots to demonstrate this. It's like instant messaging for product development and our competitors are using the UPS. So they're building pilots and validating the impacts of our software. We have one – one customer, which is a domino – this quarter told us the productivity impact versus the solution from the competitor was 10x, not 2x, 10x. So it is sometimes difficult for us to predict the size of these deals in a – in a quarter. We have a negotiation, and what we found in the first quarter, we might see it in the second quarter and the balance of the year is that the deal sizes are picking up because the footprint is bigger. The value that we create is better. And it's easier for them to build in ROI. So to some degree, we actually don't know what's going to happen with those deal sizes.
Dick Harrison: Yes. I think if we go back to – e have to go think about it and do a little more analysis on it. I don't want to guess that right here. I think we'd stick to what we tried to describe as that domino initially starts with the pilot. They might do $2 million or $3 million the first year. I think we said that as they get into their second and third year, they're moving more towards $5 million with license maintenance and service. That can get bigger as they – as they do some of these deployments. I think that's a good proxy for what happened. It's possible that a – that a new account, a new domino, for whatever reason, sees the value and just says, “Okay. I'm going to go faster.”
Dick Harrison: We're going to get some of those. I think the vast majority are going into today's market, they're going to do what we described for you, which is to start slowly, validate the value that they get from it, and then deploy a bigger footprint over time.
Dick Harrison: If it makes you feel any better, we would not have given guidance about the second quarter license revenue where it is if we thought that it came from a few big surprise deals that weren't going to happen again.
Dick Harrison: Exactly. That's exactly right. I can tell you that the Q2 number actually, there are five or so deals out there that we know are going to happen, not necessarily this quarter, that are in the range of $4 million to $5 million. There's a really nice mix for Q2 of good-sized deals, nice ones, not explosive deals. Are we going to get all $5 million or $6 million? There's $5 million or $6 million that are in that $4 million to $5 million range. Are we going to get them all? No. Could the customer decide, “Oh, at the last minute I'm going to do half those seats instead of all of what we might project?” Yes. So those are the dimensions that occur in a negotiation at the end of a quarter or during the middle of the quarter, however it might be. It makes it difficult to give you some – some of these exact answers that you're looking for. But there's a really nice short term mix of deals. Some are new. Most are more established customers that have done their pilots that are – that are right there for this quarter. And if we don't get one, or two, or three of them this quarter for whatever reason, we'll get them the following quarter because they're – they're basically in per term kind of deals.
Dick Harrison: Okay. That's it. We'll do 15, and as we go through it, we'll give you an update on it. But I think underlying the questions in there. They are good questions and we appreciate them actually because they do cause to – to reflect. But if the concern is that we had an aberration and got lucky and a couple of deals drove things, I'm telling you, unequivocally, that the pipeline and the forecast continues to grow. Paul Cunningham had a forecast review worldwide yesterday. The forecast inside the company here, his forecast, the pipeline grew. At this point, that's a good sign. So there were more deals in there. They're best case deals, but the deals are growing. And that's why we're going to add more direct sales reps and we're going to invest in the business. This is not an aberration. We have separated ourselves from the competition. We have unambiguous leadership in the – technically, in the Windchill space. We talked about GE Healthcare just a little bit. We didn't really describe that. I don't want to get into too much of it. But they had an incumbent, Siemens, for 25 years in the engineering department. Dassault Matrix is in the enterprise. They had two incumbents we had almost no footprint. They bought a little company that's some PRO/ECs. And we begged them to include us in an evaluation because they wanted to make a consolidation decision. I personally met with the CTO who told me, "I'll let you in." I flew out there. "I'll let you in, but you have no chance." A year later, we displaced Siemens, that the initial order is to displace Siemens, and it's Pro/ENGINEER and Windchill. They're going to expand that footprint for the entire enterprise. So how do we win that deal? It wasn't close. The technical evaluation at the end of the day really wasn't close. And that's really what we want you to take away from the results and our confidence that it's not an aberration. The upside was not an aberration. Some of the deals that we've been working on got bigger than we thought they were going to get.
Dick Harrison: And I think, Richard, there's no question the desktop business is – it's – the Pro/E business, the desktop business, there's a smaller – there's a very low service component, and so it's more profitable. What I see here going forward with the license revenue acceleration on the Windchill part of the business is we get a better mix if we can of license versus services. That'll help drive better operating margins as well.
Dick Harrison: One of the things that was in the note just – because it just hit my mind a little bit as we talked about it, but the Windchill business – what was it, a $122 million? $122 million. It's going to be close to a – it has a run rate of a $500 million enterprise business. This thing really has some momentum.
Dick Harrison: But Jay, I can't imagine if the number's 270 right now. It's going to be around 300 or whatever. We're going to decide something, but we're going to add it in that range of 30 sales reps. There'll be some technical people. We'll give you the number when we talk next, but it's going to be in that range. It ought to be back up around 300.Jay Leishauer – Dakana Rook Securities: Thank you.
Dick Harrison: Yes. Steve, our CAD business was down 6% for the quarter, as you said. I think that we have the ability in either Q3 or Q4 to turn that business positive. It will depend upon how quickly the channel recovers because, to Jim's point earlier, that upper left hand box is relatively low to those – to those business anyway for everybody who participates in it.
Dick Harrison: But we need to see the channel kick in a little bit more than it has. And if that happens, as expected in the second half of the year, we could see growth in Q3 or Q4 in that – in that area.
Dick Harrison: Right. So we probably haven't gotten as much revenue from the ones in Europe. And I think that European spend and rebound of the economy is a little bit lagging behind the US. But as Jim said, almost half of the dominoes are from – from Europe and really big names, good accounts that we've talked about, so. I just think – I think that's just to get a manifestation of it, what stage some of those might be. Are they coming out of the pilot stage and moving into the second year? Are they going to get bigger, faster? We don't always know and can't always predict that. But our pipeline, when we look at it, it's not skewed towards North America. There's a really nice balance throughout the pipeline for the rest of the year across all the geographies. There are even some interesting deals, I wouldn't call them large yet, in Japan where there are a couple of consolidation deals that are going on right now, and we think we're winning, so. China looks solid. Jim and I are both going to Asia this weekend. I'm not really looking forward to that trip, but there's – there's activity – there's enough activity where both of us are jumping on planes. And we're going to different places, and then we're convening on one place at the same time. So it's not all North American-centric.
Dick Harrison: Thanks again for the time. And we'll see what happens with this quarter. I think some of the questions really were around, "Is the upside that we had in the license revenue in particular repeatable?" We really do have a lot of confidence given the pipeline, and the size of the deal opportunities, and the value that we're creating from our customers, and the way that customers talk with us about the return on investment and so forth that – that we're going to have a strong second quarter and a strong year. So we look forward to giving those reports as they happen. Thanks again for the time.
Jim Heppleman: Yes, Yun. It's Jim here. Just to add to that, if you look at our prepared remarks, we commented about 50% license growth forecast for Q2. And again, I think we couldn't be projecting 50% license growth again if we didn't feel pretty confident about the pipeline.
Jim Heppleman: I'm sorry. I'm having a bit of a phone problem here. But yes, I certainly can talk to that question, Blair. I think it varies. A couple of the dominoes were at very early stages. You might remember Volvo originally put out a press release saying they made a directional commitment to PTC? Just this morning, we put out a press release saying that basically we've passed the test phase, and they're now confirming that that directional decision is a firm decision and that they're moving forward with the program. So that would be an example where most of PTC's revenue opportunity is, quite frankly, still in front of us in that particular opportunity. On the other hand, a couple of the large orders represent dominoes who had proved out the software, in some cases implemented it in a given business unit or what not, and then gave us a very significant order to proliferate the software across the entire company, all the business units in all the different user constituencies and so forth. So I think it's the mix. But I think, clearly, most of these dominoes we see as annuities, if you remember back to our earnings or analyst day we had back in October, these things become really year after year opportunities where we broaden the footprint, we – our functionality. We broaden the – the number of users and divisions and so forth. We might come back with a new program around Arbortext, or something around our green solutions, or something around our reliability solutions, or what not. And I don't think we're ever done, quite frankly, with these dominoes. And I think we showed some examples, if you think back to that day in October, where we have some companies that we've been doing WindChill business with for five, six, seven, eight years. And they just keep expanding the deployments over time. I think we'd rather think of these dominoes as annuities than big transactions, even though from time to time they do produce big transactions.
Jim Heppleman: Yes, I think – This is Jim again. I'll take this. I think that what's working is the number of customers purchasing it. What could use a little bit of work is the deal size. And I think what's happening right now is there's a lot of interest and a lot of people placing an initial order for small quantities to play around that they've tested. The idea of using SharePoint as a platform for product development is a bit of a radical idea to some people. So I think they're intrigued. They want to go explore it. We expect a lot of those people to circle back and give us follow on orders that are more significant as we move through this year and then the next. So I think that – we're on the same page you are here. It's very exciting. We'd like to see it be more impactful to revenue going forward. But in the meantime, the core WindChill business is doing so well that there's no pressure for us to try to squeeze something artificial out of this ProductPoint business.
Jim Heppleman: Yes, it's Jim. I'll take that one, Sasa. Clearly, we're going to blow through the target of 12, at current course and speed. We could lift that target. You make a good argument, we should lift the target. I think PTC's deal is – maybe we should change our focus a little bit to how are we driving revenue off those dominoes as opposed to how may dominoes are we landing. But clearly we're going to do better than 12. And you shouldn't take – you shouldn't read into us not changing that target. I think we're just simply changing our focus a little bit to the license revenue forecast, the 50% growth and so forth. It's probably the thing we ought to be talking here about at this point. But I think we should take it under advisement to reconsider the domino target.
Jim Heppleman: Yes. I'm happy to take that. I think it's largely a macroeconomic issue. I think it's well understood that the smaller companies suffered more on the downturn and are more cautious about coming back and spending money as things improve. So I think PTC will continue to work our own programs to make sure we're getting our fair share or more so of whatever spend level exists there. But I think that fundamentally, we're still seeing depressed spend levels in the small and medium businesses, and we don't see the kind of acceleration now that we're seeing in the larger enterprises.
Jim Heppleman: Yes. I'm not sure we could say we're gaining share in all four, just to be honest. I think in the upper left box, the large enterprise CAD, I think there are no meaningful share shifts happening in any direction, nor would we forecast them. So I think that – I think that we're holding our own and participating well in the lower left, that is to say the SMB CAD market. We are definitely taking significant share in the lower right, that is the SMB PLM market. And we are taking dramatic chunks of share in the upper right, the large enterprise PLM market.
Jim Heppleman: Yes, Dick. I think there was one notable and – and meaningful transaction here that probably came in earlier than we thought. We might have forecasted it as Q2 business, but the deal was ready and so we took it on good terms. So I think by and large though, that was the sort of business that we expected in the quarter with one notable exception.
Jim Heppleman: Neil, you can feel free to add here. But I think the most important metric is WindChill revenue in general, and then WindChill license revenue as leading edge to the sphere here. That's what I would focus on. Whether those WindChill revenue comes from a large collection of small and medium sized deals or a few big ones, I think it's less important in the given quarter. You might actually argue that large collection of medium-sized deals is a better and more reliable platform. So I think that, you have to remember that the dominoes don't all produce huge transactions for us, nor do we necessarily want them to do. We want them to be huge annuities, not huge orders; not huge, one-time transactions. So a lot of times in a given quarter, revenue from a domino would fall below some artificial threshold. Nonetheless, it happens four quarters in a row in a given year and it ends up being pretty important in the context of our revenue in that given year even though in any one quarter it might not have been a million dollar license transaction, for example.
Neil Moses: Yes, our maintenance renewal rate, I think we've talked about the fact that last year ,they were down 1% or 2%, which we thought was pretty good in the macroeconomic environment that everyone was experiencing. I think that our maintenance business has held up pretty well. Certainly, we're still feeling a bit of a hangover from last year's soft license revenue, which I think will stay – will continue, we think, for the first half of this year. But we're – we're pretty optimistic that the renewal rates will hold and perhaps increase over the course of the year. And it will be back to grow with both constant currency, otherwise, and our maintenance business from the second half of this fiscal year.
Neil Moses: Yes, Jim. It's Neil, let me just add to that. I think what we're saying is, remember we talked about the dominoes as a signpost that PTC was winning in a pretty unhealthy macroeconomic environment. As the environment begins to improve and we're – we are starting to win more of these domino accounts, the true measure of success here is overall revenue growth and license revenue growth. And I think you're seeing the first stages of that in two months.
Neil Moses: I think one important point is we use the dominoes and displacements that signal our leadership position in the industry in our market. But remember, we have a very small penetration even in our unsold base with enterprise Windchill. So our opportunities for growth doesn't rest just on displacement or dominoes.
Neil Moses: I think if – if you look at what happened in Q1, the principal issue was the commissions related to a higher license revenue, which we're obviously happy to pay. If you look going forward, Ross, there's – there's a number – a couple of things involved. I think we've talked about the fact that we want to continue to invest in the business. We'll be investing in distribution capacity, both with direct sales or some channel, maybe making a little bit more investment around R&D as well. And then, I think we also talked in our prepared remarks around the fact that there was some, if you will, temporarily cutbacks that we made last year that impacted PTC employees and we'll make – look to make some investments back in our employee base as well as the year progresses. That's really where the target is – investments are planned. I think we've given guidance around the fact that our – fundamentally, our OpEx will be probably a shade over $850 million for this year. So if you look at the fact that we spent with around 213, 214 for Q1 looks like the standing pool and the balance of the year will be relatively consistent with that.
Neil Moses: I think you could look at the OpEx right now. It's just over $850 million versus – if you look our initial guidance, you would have seen a number more like $810 and $815 million. Probably ultimately about half of that increment will go into new investment and probably half of it will go back into the some of these programs that were foregone. The other comment to make, Mike, is that we had increased our tax rate estimate for the year, as you probably saw, from 23% to 25%. The highest tax rate jurisdiction for PTC worldwide is the US. And obviously, the US is performing extraordinarily well. And so, that's a largely good news story, but at least on the tax rate line, it's a little bit of a bad news story.
Neil Moses: Okay. I've been patient. I want to come back to this capacity issue for a second. It's interesting. We're actually on track, Jay, for having the most – the highest productivity we've ever had in our direct sales force, higher than we had in 2008. So we absolutely duty to add capacity. And we've got a manager meeting actually in February. We'll make some – make some decisions around that. What other issue, which I think is relevant in terms of capacity which we haven't talked about yet is other signs in our business apart from North America, apart from Windchill. And that is that even though the European business is still soft, it was down year-over-year. It's actually up sequentially against a pretty strong Q4. Our Chinese business was up year-over-year even though Asia remained – overall, Asia remained relatively soft. We saw a growth in our channels sequentially. So the point is that we're seeing some leverage here in terms of growth apart from North – just North America and just Windchill in North America. And so, we're going to – we're going to take a look at what we think is happening in other areas of the business when we consider the capacity constraints that we currently have, and as I said, make some decisions there in terms of investment in February.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, maybe last one last comment which is that – yes, it was 50% license growth in the first quarter. It looks like it'll be that in the second quarter. And I think we've committed to 30% license growth for the year. I don't think at this point there are a lot of software companies that are talking about 30% license growth for the year. And you may be able to attribute one quarter's worth of license growth to a number of large transactions. But 30% over the year, you have to look at that to be pretty broad-based. And then maybe one more comment, I think we actually provide, from the metric's perspective, more information you get from most people, particularly with the Fourbox [ph] information we started to report this quarter, license service and maintenance by Fourbox, so. I challenge you, Sterling, to find anybody else really actually that's providing the level of detail around their progress that's equal to or greater than we're providing today.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Ross. I think it's an interesting exercise here. If you rank those top 10 big deals by size and then cross off the top two, we would have still had a pretty decent quarter.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I'll take that. First of all, roughly a third of the dominoes we've been talking about has been Siemens' displacements. I think our win rate against Siemens is a notch – let's say our displacement rate against Siemens is a notch below that against Dassault. But a win rate in the green field environment is really high right now. There were a couple of dominoes, one which was the GE account, the GE healthcare account, which was a major displacement of the Siemens incumbent position, which obviously we're pretty happy about. There were a couple of others, Otis, for example, I think called it out the press release. These are actually customers turning off the Siemens software and switching to the PTC software. But what we talk less about is the fact that in the EADS benchmark, Siemens was there and competed like crazy, and we walked out with the win there, too. I think we're doing very well against both. I think that Dassault is very vulnerable at this point and we're capitalizing on that.
Jim Heppelmann: Dick, just reflecting on this domino discussion is kind of interesting because as Neil said, we wanted to show you last year when there was very little spend in the system that we have an equitable competitive advantage. And dominoes really meant big accounts where we're going into a hostile situation in terms of a competitor being incumbent, or us having no incumbency position in the green field environment and we're able to either defeat or displace the competitors in this difficult, away game-type environment. So I think clearly from the discussion here, you all appreciate the power of being able to do that. And I think it was sort of PTCs miscue that we thought the dominoes would give us evidence until we could supplant that evidence with revenue evidence. And then the body of discussion would shift over to revenue. But clearly, I think you're all pretty interested here in our ability to continue displacing competitors, and it's not flowing down at all. We just assume that your level of interest will shift to revenue. But if I was in the room with Dick and these guys, I'd probably write a number on the board, and they would forecast or up the target.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Richard. This is Jim. Clearly, that's a correct assumption. But I want to go back to the commitment as a management team we made was the 20% earnings growth on a sustainable basis. We want to do 20% earnings growth five years in a row. Now if you back down a level, the recipe for how we want to do that is three parts revenue growth, one part margin expansion. So clearly, we need a balance of some margin expansion, which we definitely think can come through leverage on the revenue growth and so forth, grow revenue faster than expenses. Clearly, we have a strong focus to drive that earnings growth on the back of revenue growth. So that's a little bit the balancing act here. We have a portfolio of products. Some are extremely profitable and not growing fast. Others, on the other hand, are growing extremely fast and less profitable. You put that portfolio together and it works pretty well against this 20% earnings growth strategy, which I think people felt like a pretty aggressive strategy.Richard Davis – Needham & Company: That's a correct statement because I talked to guys inside your firm and they were all like, "Man, this is a big – laughter [ph]." You did set the – you did set the high jump bar high so in that respect, you're correct. Okay. Thanks very much. That's my question.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. And I mean to put that into perspective, $500 million, Richard, is about the size of Anthes [ph]. $500 million is twice the size of Dassault PLM products all put together. It's really a situation now where we have the number one product out there in front by a considerable distance and moving at twice the velocity of everybody else. So I mean it's a – it's a good spot to be in – in a good market.Richard Davis – Needham & Company: Got it.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Hey, Neil, the risk is stepping on your toes here. I want to comment on the first piece as well, and then I'll turn it over to you. I mean, Jay, you're on to something interesting, which is when you have the kind of competitive advantage that we have in the marketplace right now, the last thing you want to do is let your distribution channel shrink, right? So clearly, we need to invest in the distribution channel. Last year, when we took cost out of the system, we took some of it out of distribution thinking that still with a little spend in the market that some of those distribution would prove productive anyway. I think now we see spend coming back in. We see us – ourselves getting at this proportion and amount of it. It makes sense for us to significantly lift the number of direct sales that counts, and so forth, and go after that opportunity. So I'll let Neil comment more on the magnitude of it. But I think you're on exactly the right point, which is it doesn't make sense to let the size of various sales force shrink given this opportunity. And then just while I have the microphone here, I'll hit the second part. I think that that's also an interesting question on ProductPoint in the SMB space. We have a pretty good SMB channel that covers our Pro/ENGINEER base. And I'd say that that channel will do a very effective job in – in covering the distribution opportunity within the PTC base. But you're right, there's a huge – huge base of Autodesk customers who basically have no PLM solution, but certainly would be interested in a SharePoint solution for – for PLM. And there's a huge base of SolidWorks customers who are in the same boat. So we at PTC are coming up with some strategies. We'll maybe unveil them a bit down the road, but coming up with some new ways to potentially take our products directly into their base and capitalize on this open window of opportunity to become the main PLM supplier in the – those types of customer bases.Jay Leishauer – Dakana Rook Securities: Okay. With respect to the displacement business. You implied earlier, Jim, that your win rate against Dassault is perhaps better than, again, Siemens. And these are two questions there. Are you essentially giving them no credit or little credit the – to V6 that would allow them to at least protect their base if not necessarily grow their PLM business.
Jim Heppelmann: (inaudible) do you, Jay? It's an interesting question. If you think about it logically, one of the places we would have sold Windchill first would be to those customers that we have the strongest, deepest relationship with, that is to say the company's and the actual users, in fact, who use Pro/ENGINEER. So I think you could imagine our Windchill business, if you looked at it 20 years from now, thinking back historically, you could imagine revenue being front-end loaded by Pro/E users. But I think, if we think now about these domino accounts, it's a significant number these domino accounts who don't even have Pro/ENGINEER, well almost by definition they wouldn't have Pro/ENGINEER in live basis. So I think over time, yes, the amount of Windchill seats – the percentage of Windchill seats that are attached to a Pro/E seat, I would logically expect to decline over time. But it certainly was a leverage point for us in the early days.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Yes, Deutsche Bank. A quick follow up on the large deal activity. How much of the $50 million in large deals were due to the four new dominoes? What I really want to get to is – is the follow through from past signs.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Yes. I guess the point that I'm trying to make is I think investors would be concerned if you signed four new big deals. That's really what draw the upside. Then you're not raising your domino account going forward. If that's the case, I think people maybe a little cautious on the license growth looking ahead. However, if more of the revenue upside is driven from past deals, then I think investors will have a little bit more comfort as you move forward.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: I think we should. I mean I can't make eye contact with you here to see what's the right new target. Clearly, we're not saying we're stopping at 12. We just didn't bother to update the forecast thinking that the discussion would now shift to revenue viewing dominoes as a bridge to revenue. But I think it is important that we continue to displace competitors in difficult environments. That's (inaudible) slow down at all.
