Jim Heppelmann: Sterling, it's Jim here. I don't think we see any meaningful disconnect between the situation we're all reading about and kind of what our plans were. I think if we go back to our November analyst day, we were quite pessimistic on China. We had been watching that situation slow down for some time. We were also quite pessimistic on the U.S. You know, the strong dollar has really been problematic for U.S. industrial companies. And at the time we felt pretty good about Europe and China and I mean--
Jim Heppelmann: I'm sorry, Japan. Thank you, Andy. It's an important correction. And that's kind of how we read the situation today. So I think maybe the rest of the world caught up to a perspective we shared with you back in November. And I think as we sit here today, we don't see the situation different from the guidance we had given you.
Jim Heppelmann: Well, I do think for a company who wants to move forward with a project in a difficult economic environment, the subscription model is more palatable. You know, I don't think we could say that affected our results one way or the other in the past quarter. But I think in general, that's the benefit of the model. Because in the perpetual model, you know, there's a big incentive for the long run to do a big buy upfront in order to get a discount level that makes your business model where your value proposition, let's say, worked the way that you want it to. But then it's difficult in a difficult environment make that big purchase. So I think the subscription model allows you to get started and then layer in more later and later get the benefit of bigger discounts if you want to make bigger commitments. But upfront you don't have to commit yourself to that.
Jim Heppelmann: Kepware is a nice acquisition. Again, what they provide is software that allows you to connect to equipment, especially when all that equipment didn't come from one single vendor. So each vendor has sort of a proprietary way to connect to their equipment. So if you're running a factory or a sewerage treatment plant or an oil and gas refinery or something like that and you have equipment from many different vendors, then you're just kind of scratching your head, saying, what should I do? And all of those vendors are pitching a story to you about just buy from them which, of course, isn't practical. So that's where Kepware fits in. And Kepware has strong market share in terms of being able to solve the mix vendor problem of infrastructure coming from many companies. Many of the companies who provide this infrastructure, including GE, license Kepware. So in fact GE is already a partner of Kepware and this just simplifies that partnership. Many of the other big suppliers of equipment also use Kepware, because they need a solution when a customer says, well, how are you going to connect to all the stuff I didn't buy from you? And the answer tends to be Kepware. So Kepware has a fairly low-touch sales model. A tremendous amount of this stuff is sold over the phone and transacted over the Web. It's a simple product that works well; it doesn't require a lot of consulting or anything like that. So we think it's a good model that scales profitably. It's a well-run company. And this is business that -- it has, I don't know, somewhere between 15,000 and 20,000 customers. We're going to be able to introduce ThingWorx to those customers as value-added to how they are using Kepware. And in the meantime, we're going to be able to use Kepware to kind of strengthen our proposition anytime we or partners like GE go into an environment where there's infrastructure already in place from multiple vendors and we have to figure out how to make it all work together in an industry 4.0 type of play. So it's a great little acquisition and good piece of technology to have in our portfolio.
Jim Heppelmann: Steve, I was just going to say, kind of in summary -- I was going to make this point earlier; I might have stepped on Ed. You know, when Andy joined us, he put in place, together with his team, a pretty thorough program here that looks at this from every angle. The sales rep wants to do it, because they're going to make more money. The customer probably has some tendency towards subscription anyway; but then we're giving him more flexibility and some more attractive bundles and so forth. So there's been a lot of thought into how to align the planets to make people either want to buy new in a subscription model or take a renewal and flip it over into this new model. So I think we're off to a good start, but it's fundamentally because there's a great program here. And that's something that Andy brought to the company and one of the things we were looking for when we hired him.
Jim Heppelmann: I think if you look at IoT, you know, you can look at it from two perspectives. The main perspective that we think about is new logos. It's an early market and in an early market, market share is everything. And so we've been running a land-and-expand type of go-to-market program which is a little new for us, quite frankly. And so we've really pushed on new logo acquisition. And that's where you see the most impressive data. New logo is up 55%, I think it was. So that's great news. And it's really coming from all angles. We have the direct sales force selling IoT into the traditional customer base. We've got numerous partners, separate and distinct from the PTC sales force, also selling the technology platform around the world. And they're having success. So I think lots of push to grab market share. Then if you look at it other ways, bookings and revenue, if you look at bookings, it's a little more confused, because in the year-ago quarter we had a number of exceptionally large transactions; and this quarter, only one. So from that standpoint the deal size, the average deal size was much different, but really weighted by the fact that last year's business was dominated by a fairly small number of much larger transactions. And this year's business is actually much healthier. It's a much broader set of transactions with more realistic and sort of sustainable transaction sizes. So I think all things considered, it was a pretty good quarter. And it keeps us sort of on track with where we're trying to get which is to outgrow a market that is reported to be growing around 40%. So we feel pretty good about it.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Well and the thing I might say Andy, to balance that out is we had pretty good success at the other end in the channel. So I think it really is -- customers of all sizes are, over time, moving toward a mindset that subscription business is a better way to purchase software. And we're simply aligning with that and putting in place the lubrication that makes it happen.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. And let me be clear on the maintenance or support angle, what kind of happens there. So let's say we have a customer who has a maintenance contract that's due for renewal and they are going to pay us $1 million to renew that maintenance contract. And we get in this discussion of -- maybe we ought to just convert this whole relationship to subscription. And they say, tell me about it. And by the time the discussion is done, we've convinced them to sign a $1.5 million subscription agreement. So what we would do is take $0.5 million and call that a new booking. And the $1 million we were going to get anyway, we just simply move out of the deferred maintenance revenue bucket. And we put it in the deferred license revenue bucket and don't really report it to you. So what's happening here is -- behind the scenes, behind the curtain -- is every time a maintenance booking shifts to a subscription booking, then that kind of backlog in deferred revenue also switches over to software which will then help software revenues in the future. But, of course, we'll lose it out of maintenance revenues in the future. So that's happening behind the scenes and it's not currently in our disclosure. Maybe at some point in time we'll have to add that. But right now that's just a level of detail that seems unnecessary.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Jay, one thing I would caution you is that this data can bounce around a lot depending upon big deals. So, for example, thinking back to the quarter that just closed, normally I would think that business is tough right now in the aerospace and defense business, you know, federal aerospace and defense business, because federal is tough. And the low oil prices and the sustained low oil prices has taken some gas out of the aerospace companies. But at the same time, simply because more fuel-efficient aircraft are what drive sales, but that becomes less important when fuel prices are so low. But nonetheless, we landed a big deal from a commercial aerospace customer who happened to really like our Servigistics software for spare parts management in their service department. So we had a pretty significant transaction and that business looks great. But I'd say in general that's a space that's sort of hard to thrive in right now. I don't know. I think it's very difficult to discern from the pipeline, because the geo factor is so important here. You know, the industrial pipeline in Europe would look a lot better than the industrial pipeline in the U.S. and so forth. So I think it's actually almost easier to do this by geo than it is by vertical because right now the economy is not, in my view, really favoring any one of those verticals over another. They're kind of all in the same spot and it's really favoring one geo over another. So I don't think I can really answer the question to the extent you want me to.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, so role-based apps in the case of Windchill 11 are implemented in this technology called Navigate which incidentally happens to be built on ThingWorx. So ThingWorx is a really fantastic way of mashing together a quick user interface to solve this problem for this person or this problem for that person. So what we've done with Windchill 11 is, kind of like, built those mash ups; but then supply you with ThingWorx so that you can reconfigure them if you want without writing any code and so forth. So it's sort of a way to demonstrate the power of ThingWorx by creating a much more usable experience for Windchill and a more usable experience for Windchill opens it up to a much wider audience within a company to the extent that Windchill is kind of viewed as the same product experience, no matter who you are when you log in, then some of the more casual users say, wow, that's a lot of menus and picks and I'm not sure where to go with it. But to the extent we can simplify it down to just what is necessary for someone who does this type of job and simplify it a different way for somebody who does that type of job, then I think it actually opens up a lot more users within the already installed customer base. That's really what we're trying to do here. So I think it definitely creates new seat opportunity. Of course, these new users tend to be more casual. So, yes, probably the price that these casual users are willing to pay is a little less than what the, let's say, more engineering-centric users upstream might've been willing to pay. So it probably creates more seats, but those seats come at a lower average seat price.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I think the place that would come into play, to the extent it does, would be if we converted a maintenance run rate, you know a support run rate over to a new subscription. Now, what's important to know, as I told you, we only report the incremental part as a new booking. But we also only pay commissions on the incremental part as a new booking. So from the perspective of the sales guy, I've got better things to do than do renewals that are the same size or smaller. There's just no point in doing that. The maintenance guys will renew it as a maintenance contract, but you won't get a sales account manager involved in the conversation like that, because it's sort of an empty conversation for them -- which is by design, by the way. So I don't think you're ever going to see is flip any meaningful amount of contracts from the support forum to the subscription forum without growing them. Now, as we grow them, are there situations where there could be more revenue and less seats? I suppose, theoretically, but practically there wouldn't be many of them. So I don't think this will be a significant factor in our performance.
Jim Heppelmann: All right. Sounds like that's the end of the questions. So I want to thank you all for joining us here. Appreciate all your questions and comments and so forth. We do feel like this was a decent quarter overall and a very good quarter in terms of launching our Phase 2 of the subscription business model. So we're feeling strong about that right now. And we're working hard and look forward to talking to you in 90 days, if in fact, we don't get a chance to talk to some of you at our ThingEvent which is going to be a very big, exciting event. If you happen to listen online, it's going to take about 90 minutes start to finish. So it's not a huge commitment, but definitely, if you're interested in learning more about what happens when you put together a mix of augmented reality and Internet of Things and CAD and SLM, what happens?  You're going to see lots of great examples from real customers who are super excited about what we're doing. So, again, I look forward to seeing you in 90 days. And hopefully we'll have another good report for you. Thanks and good evening.
Andrew Miller: Yes, so actually CAD wasn't very far below the SLM. And, in fact, our channel -- even though our focus was on the direct side, our channel was in the high teens as far as their subscription mix percentage. You know, that's 80% CAD/15% PLM. So CAD, frankly, was in the high teens as far as the percentage of the business that was subscription. So that seems to be moving along well also. And as we shared in our prepared remarks, the Americas in total was in the mid-30%s as far as what percentage was subscription and Europe wasn't far behind, in the low 30s%. So we're seeing good execution on the subscription front. And when we look in the pipeline, we're actually seeing subscription building more -- which, of course, those deals will close as they age and mature in the latter part of the year. And some are even in the next year time frame. The other thing that I highlighted on IT, we did have one pretty sizable deal -- it would classify as what we used to call a large deal. That was perpetual this quarter.
Andrew Miller: Exactly. The rest of that business was, frankly, pretty much all subscription at this point in time. So we're really pleased with that. And the other thing that Jim highlighted was while our conversion program really has only been something the sales force has known about for just over two months and of course, it takes a while to do it -- we're seeing very strong early indicators of how that could really add some value to the company, especially the pipeline as we move forward.
Andrew Miller: So, you know, because 80% of the business, 75%, 80% of the business is direct, of course, our program is focused on the direct side. And frankly, it's a little bit -- we have to make it more channel-friendly. But despite that, what we're hearing is the channel partners, frankly, understand and for the most part like it, according to our internal surveys. And they also like the conversion program, because obviously that helps them from a cash flow perspective get over the hump. And to be in the high teens this early in the program, when really our focused was on the direct side, was certainly a very, very strong start. So just like our direct sales reps, our channel sales reps need to learn how to sell monthly payments. But that's the kind of thing -- once people figure it out, it's great. Oh, would you like this extra module? It's only $199 a month or something like that. So it gives them easy way to continue to upsell and get into the accounts. So we're off to a good start. Even though it wasn't our primary focus, we're off to a good start, feeling good about it. And it is, frankly, a major focus area as we move into the current quarter next quarter.
Andrew Miller: So we didn't communicate to our sales force all the changes in the details of our subscription program until the very beginning of October, because we didn't want it to slow down Q4 business. And so what we saw is -- you know, we do incent our sales reps to sell subscription over perpetual, as well as -- we re-bundled the products; we repriced the products. And what we have seen is the sales force, while still having to learn how to sell subscription; to learn the plays; learn how to handle objections, all those things, they clearly are motivated to move to subscription which is something that we believed would happen which is why we designed the comp plans that way. But knowing how quickly it's going to happen and how influential they're going to be on, frankly, taking deals. Q1 deals for the most part were pretty much built last year. So how aggressively they could change those into subscription was obviously a big question. So we're pleased with the progress is all I can say. And the color I'd give you is that -- so PLM was the most subscriptions, followed by SLM. And CAD was only, like, a couple hundred basis points behind as far as how much of that business was subscription. And, of course, IoT is primarily subscription, but we had a large perpetual deal. By geo, I already highlighted the Americas and Europe. We saw, believe it or not, in APAC -- excluding Japan -- we saw many-fold increase. Tim, do you recall the number off of the top of your head? It ended up -- go ahead.
Andrew Miller: Yes, in the first quarter. And it often takes longer to get a program implemented in Asia than it does in the Americas or Europe. Japan had a very large perpetual deal, so they were in the single digits as far as the percentage of their business that was subscription. But their pipeline looks good. So, you know, one quarter doesn't make a trend. And we're not calling victory after one quarter, but we're certainly pleased with how the program has taken off.
Andrew Miller: So it was 12 customers. So that was a small amount of the upside. You know, we did all those market studies with McKinsey and they shared -- the data that we got from those was that more than 70% of customers prefer subscription in every vertical, every segment, etcetera. So it's not surprising that a properly priced subscription offer that is being pushed by your sales rep which has more attractive bundles than perpetual, that over time our customers are going to move to that. The reason why we believe our transition is going to be a three-year journey is because of the fact we have 30% to 50% of our revenue with our largest customers, their renewal cycles tend to be every three years. And so it will take us three years to get through all of those. We did a lot of work to make sure we came up with product bundles and pricing that would hit our -- you know, kind of the demand elasticity curves that our customers have. And I think that's why they picked it. And it's the same things we went through at investor day as far as what they are looking for. But fundamentally, they like the flexibility subscription gives them. The other part of your question is on the conversion. What we do is we let them take kind of their static support agreement which is for the software that they happen to have, that they probably bought over years; and we let them move to a more flexible model, where they can remix. They get all the benefits of subscription that they don't get from support and that's worth something to them. You know, they might have a bunch of shelfware of a module that they bought to add on top of CAD, but their mechanical engineers want a different module. And we let them do that mix/remix for a premium. That in the first quarter was 25% to 50%. Go ahead, Jim.
Andrew Miller: Yes. The other thing I'll add is we did beat our internal plan on IoT. So we feel good about where we're at, but we're always trying for more.
Andrew Miller: So qualitatively, we had some large subscription deals in the quarter. And we look at the pipeline and we have large subscription deals in the pipeline. So of course a larger deal, I think the pipeline is more indicative, because the larger deals -- we've only had the current program in place for a quarter and deals take longer than a quarter to mature and turn into a close. But we have some larger deals in the quarter. And as you look at the pipeline, the pipeline is looking good with both large and small. You know, there are some of our large customers we know are still trying to figure out what they think of a subscription business model. And so, you know, that's simply the way things work in large industrial companies, because it's -- the idea they're going to pay for it forever is something that they are still trying to figure out, is it better for them that way or not? So that's the only thing that I'd say is still out there.
Andrew Miller: We basically kind of do a high-low midpoint of where it could end up. And at this point we thought 26% was appropriate, because we only have one quarter behind us. So there are more risk and how much of the business is going to be subscription. There's no trend there. The trend as we look in the pipeline, especially as we look to Q3 and Q4, is an increasing mix of subscription as the year progresses.
Andrew Miller: Well, first off, we offer both subscription and perpetual also. We didn't take it away specifically for that reason. So we offer both subscription and perpetual. So for those customers who prefer perpetual, they can still buy from us. And I do want to clarify, I said some of our large customers, not all of our large customers. We're seeing, both in the pipeline and in our closes, large customers buying subscription.
Andrew Miller: Yes, once again, so the channel which you know, 80% cash, 15% PLM, grew in the low single digits constant currency this quarter. So another good -- and made their number. So another good, solid performance by the channel.
