Jim Heppelmann: Sure. So I think the Microsoft partnership was signed just before our last earnings call. So we talked a little bit about it. But anyway, we basically had two months to execute the partnership. So, there's a fair amount of sales, training and enablement that needs to happen in pipeline building and so forth. But I think what's exciting is Microsoft sees us as their go to market partner into the industrial world. And we see them as our core partner. And so any time we're talking to a customer about our cloud-based solution, which is almost all the time when talking about smart, connected products because they're trying to bring data from many distributed products together in the cloud. Then we're bringing Microsoft now into the fold. So Microsoft is seeing PTC contribute a lot of deals into the joint pipeline. And vice versa when they have a customer who wants to take Azure IoT and apply it to an industrial problem maybe integrated with Dynamics maybe not, they tend to now point their customer toward PTC. So for the most part just being frank, we're getting started and doing sales enablement and pipeline building. But it turns out there were a couple of customers who were -- let's say hoping for such a configuration because maybe previously PTC had presented one solution and Microsoft presented another and the customer saw merit in both and not that much overlap. But maybe we positioned ourselves at the time as competitors. So there's a couple of quick and easy deals that came in. The elevator company I spoke of a few others I think we even talked about the Colfax when we had the last earnings call. So there's a couple of them that quickly dropped in place because it was the perfect answer. We could stop positioning against each other and just go solve the problem together. So we're very excited and we're excited because again it's a partnership around IoT, but it's a bigger industrial partnership that also involved Dynamics makes a whole lot of HoloLens and Mixed Reality technology. Microsoft loves what we have and of course we think they have the best device in the HoloLens. So lots of stuff going on there. It's likely that we will pull PLM and CAD into this, but I'd say not a top priority. We'd like to focus our energy first on IoT and Dynamics and augmented reality, but it's a very exciting partnership. Now, I don't really need another cloud partner at this point. I'm pretty happy with Microsoft. But of course, we're looking for other partners, we've spoken of our desire for example to have a similar strong partner that might help us in Industrie 4.0 factory automation. That's a space where in my view we're selling a surprising amount of ThingWorx technology and Vuforia technology, but frankly we could sell a lot more if we had a partner who had a customer base and gave us more credibility and so forth because most people don't think PTC as a provider of factory automation amazing technology. We happen to have a very good product. So we're definitely looking for partners of all types. But I'd say there's a couple of killer partnerships in industrial world that we really want to have and Microsoft was one of them and industrial automation partner would be a second.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. And I might add to the second part of your question Matt. Andy mentioned that big deals in the quarter of Q2 were at historically low levels and yet we had a solid quarter, which means that small deals must have come in, in very large volumes to offset the smaller number of big deals. And of course it takes a lot of small deals to offset even one big deal. So I think what we're seeing and the channel success proves this out is a high volume of transactions. I think the transactions are smaller. One reason being the business model encourages that as Andy said. But I think in general, we're seeing the strong economy result in a lot of transactions and a lot of these transactions start small but then grow over time. So I think we're in a good place, economy is decent. It may be downgraded from really great to just pretty good, but it's still pretty good. And that bodes well for us and we're seeing it in the volume of transactions.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. So on the ASR because we did have such very, very strong free cash flow. And ASR frankly technically takes the share off the street faster than we could buy them. So April 20, frankly 80% of the shares that we're buying back will be returned to us. And then we also get a discount half of the average price that the rest of the shares are purchased during that quarter. So basically we just get to take share off the street faster reduce our share count more effectively. You will actually see that when you look at Q4 that the share count does down in Q4. So that's the reason behind it. It's a very efficient way for us and of course the banks makes money through the volatility of the stock. They got algorithms telling them when to buy. So that's why. We did it in 2014.
Jim Heppelmann: I mean just frankly for various reasons we got a little behind where we wanted to be. And that's the way to catch up. And then, the second part of your question, Microsoft is our partner. And almost by definition SCP solutions require a cloud end service, so we're directing those all to Microsoft. If you do what SEO work, factory Industrie 4.0 type deployment that could be either on premise or on the cloud. And frankly a lot of this is on premise today. So if they want that in the cloud then Microsoft is our answer. They wanted on premise, we just give them the software and they might put it on their own servers. Microsoft has a story that sort of coming out around what they call Azure stack, which is a primary software stack that you could put on premise to get capabilities that look like Azure in the cloud. And I think that might become an important part of our story over time. I'm not sure that it's fully accepted in the market, yet, but imagine that's maybe coming which would cause us to work more with Microsoft across the board. Now frankly most of the Navigate is sold into engineering departments.
Jim Heppelmann: And very few engineering departments are in the call today. So most of that ends up being on premise could change over time. We're starting to sell more and more PLM in the cloud.
Jim Heppelmann: And there's a discussion about putting our PLM in the cloud on Azure. So, lots of good stuff happening there. We did of course sell Navigate in the quarter, it was a reasonable quarter.
Jim Heppelmann: So it's been a nice product. We would like to keep that going and park a few more next to it frankly in the portfolio.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Okay. So on your first question regarding the role of IT and let's say ThingWorx predict selections. To be frank it's all over the board. On one hand cloud in general I think has to a degree lessened the role of IT, a lot of companies actually have gone to solutions like Salesforce.com and things like it because they don't have to negotiate with their internal IT department. So I think in general, cloud is one option different than working through IT. But I think forward looking IT organizations are now starting to say we can help you with that. And then, in the factory there is a lot of OT technology. So a lot of digital hardware and software all those programmable logic controllers for example that run control algorithms and run our Kepware software. Frequently IT is not involved in that. So IT owns IT but somebody else owns OT. And of course, ThingWorx basically had a foot in both camps. So I mean, the honest answer Jay is, it just depends it's kind of a mix and I'm not sure the trend is strongly one way or the other. Now the good news is, we PTC have historically strong relationships with CIOs because that's been our historical Windchill customer. So we're not afraid of CIOs, we quite like them actually because for 20 years now in our Windchill business, we've been selling to them. They've always played a key role in that. But anyway that's my honest answer which is it's mixed and I think the trend probably is a little bit away from CIOs but not dominantly so. Back to your question about auto companies. I think a couple of interesting things happening. By the way, let's start with yesterday the CIO of BMW gave a presentation to an industry event, I guess there were like 800 people at the presentation. And he clearly laid out how important Windchill was as this bill of material back role now going forward. So that kind of credibility is immensely helpful to us. I'll tell you there has not been another transaction like that in the last quarter. There aren't that many automotive companies and they're not switching that frequently. But, I will tell you this, yes, there is an American automotive company, we're being evaluated for ThingWorx based projects. It's way too early to say we are going to win that. But, I'm hopeful and optimistic. I mean we have a good technology and I think it fits well. Of course, we have competitors and we have to work our way through that whole evaluation process. But definitely there's a lots of good opportunity for PTC following this bill of material from engineering down through to manufacturing, which is the BMW project. And then, trying to bring new levels of automation into the factory environment, which is more the type of project that the American OEM is looking at right now. So I'm optimistic but no big moves to deliver to you here as a result of Q2
Jim Heppelmann: Maybe just to add to sense to that. We did organize recently with EVP of Worldwide Field Operations and we put underneath this person for the first time sales proactive customer success which is a new function we didn't have a year ago or maybe 18 months ago.
Jim Heppelmann: We put technical support. We put professional services and we put renewal sales. So now the entire lifecycle of touch with the customer is managed by one organization. And as Andy said, we did that with an ambition to elevate our renewal rates, or quite frankly lesser our churn, but elevate our renewal rates to industry standards and industry best in class standards and we are making good progress, faster than we had and therefore guided against. So it's really good news, really good news not just for fiscal '18 but didn't go forward in the '19, '20 and beyond.
Jim Heppelmann: It's consistent with the seasonal pattern. So, it's a reasonable expectation for us to put out there.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Let me just be careful though because as mega deal has a very specific meaning more than $5 million [shop of] [ph] booking. And large deal in our vernacular also has a specific meaning of more than $1 million. So the real strength in ThingWorx came not from large deals, but from those medium sized deals, the six figure deals as opposed to the seven figure deals.
Jim Heppelmann: And what's happening again, we discussed this in the last quarter, we're doing a lot of smallish deals as people are trying it out like if we have 20 factories very few people would buy for 20 factories. They would buy for one and therefore one work they might buy for five and if five work they might buy for all 20. And somewhere in going from 1 to 20, we're going to get some meaty transactions. We can have it all at once, it might be a large deal, if it happened over a series of deals. It might be a series of six figure deals. But definitely, if you look at the volume of bookings -- the volume of bookings, and then, there is the -- how much of the bookings come from meaty follow-on transactions typically six figure deals occasionally seven figure deals. And a lot of that is coming from -- a lot of the quantity of bookings in terms of dollars is coming from these six and sometimes seven figure deals.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I think we had solid quarter. We're pleased with where it landed. It could have been better and this one deal came in few days earlier. But, it came in anyway, so we're kind of right back to the place if they did come in, in the last quarter and we feel good about it. We've got a good pipeline. Lot of stuff to work with a lot more big deals in play which we expect will help us to contribute to bigger booking numbers in Q3 and Q4. But, I think we probably as Andy said feel of anything more confident because we're deeper into the year and we're on track.
Jim Heppelmann: So what I would say is, to us the biggest challenge if you will is making sure we and the customer can articulate the use case and the value proposition. And so what I say is, I think you've seen this over the past quarters in our narrative that we've focused more and more on SEO and the SCP and industrial. We are not talking a lot about smart farms or cows connected to the Internet or anything like that, which ThingWorx can do. But, it's hard to get the deal closed because it's hard to articulate the value proposition. But when we go into the factories we can talk about precisely what the use case is precisely what the benefit is, same if we go into smart, connected products instead of talking about connected service. Same when we take Navigate into and engineering. So I think the thing that gets you bog down is selling pie in the sky concepts that you don't have a proof points and you don't have credible value propositions for us. So if anything as we've operated in this IoT business, we've continuously narrowed the focus back to industrial. If I just start over I would narrow the focus right upfront. But, we kind of learned along the way here. But nonetheless, I think we are now focused on the sweet spot of the market. All of the study say, this is where 70%, 80% of the entire opportunity is anyway. So that's really what we're focusing on and we're trying to waste fewer cycles chasing dreams in adjacent industries.
Jim Heppelmann: Great. Well, thank you, Shue. So, I'd like to thank everybody for joining the call and spending your time with us this afternoon. When we step back and look at Q2 results, I think it's obvious we've again made solid progress against our three strategic pillars of growth subscription and margin expansion. And this is a combination I think we all agree will drive substantial long-term shareholder value. So in closing I want to again extend an invitation for you to join our flagship technology conference call LiveWorx in Boston on June 18th. I hope you can join us because in addition to the opportunity to mingle with PTC's ecosystem of customers, partners and employees and of course each other. You'll be able to attend this extended investor session that we planned to host at this year's event. And we're going to have some good new information about our long range plan for you at that time as well as other things. So if you're interested please reach out to the PTC Investor Relations team that Tim Fox heads and he'll provide registration details. So we hope to see at LiveWorx or at another upcoming investor event, and if not we'll look forward to speaking with you in about 90 days when we report next quarter. So thank you and have a good evening.
Andy Miller: Bottom line is -- the economic backdrop remains very strong. PMIs are still in solid growth territory and they did tick down a little bit in Europe for example but still Europe I think it's 56.6. So still in solid strong growth territory and we see that in both the performance in the first half of the year as well as in the pipeline as we move to the rest of the year. Subscription in a good or bad economy actually is a preferred way to buy because it frankly reduces the customer's risk at making a complex low information decision. So because we're embed with them in their success because if they're not successful in deployment and when the subscription runs out they can simply churn off. So you'll notice we raised our guidance this quarter as we continue to improve retention rates on our path to -- frankly their goal is to become best in class because the opportunity is there, we have sticky software. So we want to become best in class. We're driving customer success programs across the organization to continue to drive higher renewal rates because it those will have a significant impact on our financial performance when you look at the size of the recurring revenue base. So fundamentally subscription is something where we and the customer together work for success whereas in a perpetual money and in a perpetual model it's really take the money and run as a software company.
Andy Miller: So bookings was reiterated simply because had we closed that deal just a little bit earlier right at the end of -- right at the end of Q2, we would have been a the higher end of our guidance. So there is no reason to change our guidance. Our pipeline now for the back half of the year, we even have better visibility to that. So therefore, the guidance is what makes sense based upon our pipeline. And as we speak you to today that deal is already closed. And frankly that deal has no impact on our revenue guidance by itself because the subscription starting at the same time it was going to start whether it close on the last day of last quarter or the first day of this quarter. The other point I want to make is that the reason we raised the revenue guidance is because we're seeing continued improvements in our renewal rates. We have a focused effort that's been going on for many quarters now. We've reorganized functions. We've done a huge McKinsey study. We're developing plays for every type of product through every type of channel in different countries to drive customer success because we do target the best-in-class net renewal rate. And we're not there but we're making good progress on that half and we're determined to get there. So we make progress faster than we'd originally expected. So we raised revenue guidance to reflect that.
Andy Miller: Every large deal by the way last quarter was subscription. The deal that slipped was subscription, the pipeline moving forward on a large scale is a subscription. And as we look at the quarters prior to end of life, the large deals were virtually all subscription within occasional exception here or there for many, many quarters. So yes, no impact there. Again, fundamentally a large deal buying it under subscription and -- is a way to for the customer to ensure that us PTC are kind of embed with them for their success.
Andy Miller: Well, obviously, we're closer to -- we are half a way done. We're more confident because we frankly have half of it done and we have better view to the pipeline for the rest of the year.
Andy Miller: And Shankar, the only thing I would add is, this is my fourth software company, I've been around this for -- in multiple companies for more than 20 years. These markets develop at a very normal pace, it can't get a snowball rolling downhill because basically you've got great technology meeting a problem. But at the same time, you have to have industry analysts who say, yes, this software actually works to solve that problem. You got to have more and more customers who are getting success with it. That lowers the risk about investing in that technology. And that's essentially how it's developed. So the fact that more customers are expanding how virtually every industry analysts out there has put PTC and ThingWorx in the leader quadrant. Those are all the factors that actually frankly typically determine the winners in the software market. And so this is actually playing out like I've seen almost every software market I've followed for a long time.
Andy Miller: Yes. I think Aras is having some success at the edges. A lot of their wins are sort of strange projects in the core of the company a little bit like how HoloDesk can claim that every major manufacturing enterprise has tons of 2D seeds of auto-CAD. But it's not their CAD system. So I think Aras is starting to win a lot of deals like that sort of not the mainstream system but maybe a test management system over in one department or something like that. So I think they're probably doing okay but I don't think that there's that much to the open source story. I think they dangle that out there, but I don't think it's actually core to their value proposition and I don't actually think if it were that it would help them because I think in this industry, PLM is very complex and there's not a vibrant open source community in the PLM universe. And customers don't want to take on development responsibility for the core technology stack. So I think that that may be talking about open source is a good way -- good conversation starter, but I think at the end of the day they're selling PLM fairly traditional looking PLM into pockets around the edges of the major systems that companies have deployed. So putting it another way, they're not a major competitor to us at this point. They may occasionally show up in accounts where we're trying to show up. Aras announced a win at BMW some quarters before we did. But when we competed for really big business at BMW, they weren't even in the list of competitors. And they wouldn't have been because BMW would never bet that important mission critical system on an open source strategy when there is no ecosystem of developers around that open source community. So I'm saying that's a great conversation starter, but I don't think it's a serious business strategy. But I am saying they're having some success in pockets like pockets at BMW, pockets elsewhere, but I don't think they're yet displacing any mainstream systems.
