Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thanks, Jim. As Jim said, we are very pleased with our 2014 results. Financial highlights for the year include the completion of 3 key strategic acquisitions: ThingWorx in January, Atego in July, Axeda in August. We expanded our credit facility to $1.5 billion in September with a very positive and supportive group of 16 banks. In July, our Board of Directors approved a multiyear capital allocation strategy to use approximately 40% of free cash flow to repurchase PTC stock. The board also authorized the company to purchase up to $600 million of PTC stock through 2017, and in August, we launched an accelerated share repurchase program to purchase $125 million worth of PTC stock. This year, repurchase program is in place, and we expect it to be completed in our second quarter. And we would plan to repurchase additional shares during FY '15, consistent with our long-term goal. During the year, we expanded our operating margins by 300 basis points to 25%, and we increased cash flow from operations by 36% to $305 million. A cornerstone of our financial program has been the expansion of operating margins and our commitment to deliver annual EPS growth of 20%. Clearly and consistently, we had delivered against these financial goals. And while we have accomplished a great deal to date, we have also built a solid foundation for the future. We have established a set of key goals, targets and programs to deliver 15% EPS growth through 2018. Our key long-term targets include annual revenue growth of 6% to 10%, including revenue from strategic acquisitions. We've invested in sales programs and technologies, such as salesforce.com, to enhance sales execution and to increase productivity. We consistently utilize pipelines in sales activity metrics to plan, manage and improve our performance. We plan to expand operating margins to 28% to 30% by 2017 and into 2018 and beyond. This will be accomplished by driving improvements in overall productivity, continued expense controls and disciplines, coupled with improving margins in our professional services business. We continue to build out our partner ecosystem and plan to increase our services margins to 20% by 2018. Please note that cloud services, which traditionally have been reported within our services line of business, will, in the go-forward model, be included in our subscription line items. We expect our longer-term sustainable tax rate to be 18% to 20% through 2018, and through programmatic repurchases of PTC stock, we plan to reduce PTC share counts to approximately 112 million shares by 2018. While we are confident in our long-term plans and opportunities, as we enter 2015 we are faced with near-term headwinds from currency and the increasing macro uncertainty in global markets. Over the past several months, as Jim said, we've had very significant unfavorable shifts in currency. When compared to 2014 currencies, the weakening of the euro and the yen have the effect of reducing our FY '15 revenue by approximately $50 million or about 4 percentage points of growth, and reducing our EPS by approximately $0.15 per share or 7% of growth. Given this background, we expect FY '15 revenues to be between $1,365,000,000 and $1,385,000,000, and we expect EPS to be between $2.33 and $2.40 per share. For the first quarter of 2015, we expect revenue to be between $310 million and $325 million, and EPS to be $0.47 to $0.51 per share. And finally, I look forward-looking to seeing all of you at our Investor Day in New York next week. We appreciate you joining us today, and now we'll turn the call back over to James Hillier.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay. Matt, I'll take that. And we're looking at pricing models that we think are both attractive to the customers and attractive to PTC. And as Jim said, we'll initiate this with more of a premium program to give people flexibility. It's the concept of, if you buy the car or you rent the car or the home, you're going to pay more for that flexibility. So when we look at it, the models that we put together on a 3-year basis are typically slightly favorable on NPV. And when you go beyond that to 4 and 5 and well beyond, the NPV is significantly better. I would just say that, as you know, many of our customers have been with us for a decade or more. And so over the long run, we think this is a very favorable trend in the overall financial outlook for the business, and you'll also see this as we'll report bookings and annual contract value, but you already see the trend and the impact on deferred revenues. Deferred revenues increased by about $45 million last year, in part reflective of the new models and those shifts. So I think we're seeing that in a positive way, which is positive cash flow and future revenue recognition.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So the answer is yes on billings. On cash flow, I would expect it to grow at roughly the same rate as billings with one caveat. We have a few -- we've identified this in the prepared remarks. We are doing some additional funding on pension programs as we close out some of those programs. So that will have a negative effect. It actually feels more like a capital contribution, but it shows up in operating cash flow. So I think that's about $45 million of funding for pensions as we close out the -- really what was the Computervision U.S. pension and we fund some incremental. These are pensions, by the way, that we acquired. As we did acquisitions, we inherited these, and we are basically looking at those as things we can get cleaned up. So I would say generally, I would expect cash flow to grow at roughly the rate of billings, which would be faster than revenue and probably similar to EPS.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. We've identified the 6% to 10% would assume 2% to 4% contribution from acquisitions. That's historically what we've done. One year it might be a little bit more, another year, a little bit less. If they are subscription-type companies, that may be building at a different rate than a perpetual business, but about 2% to 4% on acquisitions. We've assumed relatively stable economic outlook after '15 with constant currency is the way we forecast it. So this year is obviously muted, in particular, by the currency change.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: We ended the year at about 360 quota-carrying reps, and I think we saw a nice productivity improvement last year. So I think -- I would just add that I think we're looking at driving productivity overall and, importantly, also focusing a set of the sales teams on really some of the new businesses. So I think that's the situation to continue to drive productivity. We'll be adding folks to drive that new -- some of the new businesses. We did acquire some folks, and I think we'll first drive productivity and, secondly, add sales capacity as we get through the year.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay. So on the cloud service, I would expect that to be something approximating 20% of that, balance being really the...
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. So that piece, I think if you looked at the total mix, right now, we're 51% support. That will continue to grow. So I would say when we get out there, we're going to be -- close to 80% of our revenue is going to be recurring, very predictable revenue again with the growth in deferreds and, I think, an improving cash flow picture as a result of these shifts. So think of it as going from 50%, maybe 55% last year.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I think one other key element, I'll say, is our services business. What we're doing is doing a lot more with our traditional professional services being partner-driven with business we do being higher margin. So if you look at our long-term outlook, we've actually increased the margin, gross margin percentages because of both the services and the mix. So we think those are both positive.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: So I think a couple of things. If you look, we -- the shifting top line, as we just described, improves the overall gross margin. And if you look at the rest of the model, we fairly well held sales and marketing as a percent of revenue relatively constant, and that's in part -- it probably would have come down some without a subscription shift because you've got -- the work and activity that you're putting into selling has a deferral effect. So we've basically held the sales and marketing expense to constant as a percent of revenue. We've also reflected an increase, slight increase, in R&D because of the technology intensity of both our existing business and future business. So I think those are the kind of shifts that we've made, which are -- I would describe them both as kind of reinvestments of that additional gross margin in both incremental sales to grow the business and incremental R&D to really make sure that we have fully funded on those lines.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: And I'd just add, Saket, that that's particularly driven in part by acquisitions. When you do the acquisitions -- when we added a number of people when we do an acquisition, we've got to organize and rationalize that at times. In many cases, we're just really shifting resources. So that is, in part, driven, as Jim said, by a drive for profitability but also an integration or rationalization of acquisitions.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay. So first of all, Jay, let me say if you're going to be in New York, I'm going to see you next week. So this won't the last time, but no, we feel very good about that. The 2 comments on the heritage product, that's within the CAD product line. We had a large customer that had used some products historically, and they did make a large purchase and really committed to that to stay with that product. So that was in the CAD space. It's not Creo, but it's an older CAD product. On MKS, it was -- the performance year-over-year on a percentage basis was up, but it was off a soft compare. So I think we feel good about ALM long-term, but I would just caveat or caution a little bit of the percent change year-over-year is in part because of the soft compare. So those are the current perspective, and I will see you next week, I hope.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Sterling. So that's a good question, but in fact, our program will not be token-based. Customers will subscribe to seats of software at varying capability levels. And for the duration of the subscription, that's what they subscribe to. Now when that subscription comes up for renewal -- and we'll have 1-, 2- and 3-year subscriptions. So when that comes up for renewal, then there's always going to be an opportunity to say, "Well, I don't think I had quite the right bill of material here. Can we reconfigure it a little bit?" But we're going to do that at renewal points, not constantly throughout the duration, based on a token-based system like you described.
James E. Heppelmann: Let me -- Sterling, if I could just back up and give you a little bit more detail. We have quite an interesting package of metrics that we'll share with you at our Investor Day that we'll report. But of course, the first actual reporting with those metrics will happen 90 days from now, which is why you haven't really yet seen those metrics in this earnings report, because it's difficult to recap the old business that way. But we'll report our new business with the new set of metrics that we'll take you through at the Investor Day.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I think it's mostly a sales execution issue. After we acquired the Servigistics business, they came in the door with a pipeline, and we were all over that pipeline and closed a lot of it and then lifted our heads up and said, "Uh-oh, we weren't building enough new pipeline." And in fact -- then we had to go train people and build up the capacity and so forth. So I think we didn't manage that as well as we should have, just to be frank, and we feel like we've made up for it in the duration -- or in the course of the year, but sales cycles are a little long. So if you get started late, it takes you a while to catch up, but we're at that point where we feel like the pipeline looks pretty good going into 2015. And our forecast for SLM look pretty good and so forth, but I'd really say it was a sales and management execution miscue.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Steve. I'm glad you asked that question, and I'm going to take a stab at it, and Jeff will bat clean-up when I'm done. If you look at that subscription business, for us to do that much subscription business in the year, we must already have a lot of it sort of booked, right? And in fact, we don't [ph]. So if you look at the 15%, roughly half of that is the run rate of the IoT business. Let's call 1/4 of it to be the run rate in the cloud services business and roughly 1/4 of it to be the run rate of, let's call it, core business, things like CAD and PLM that might have been term or subscription contracts we landed last year. And what's frustrating, of course, is when we talk about a mix of revenue, that's quite different than a mix of bookings because much of the success we plan to have that we're forecasting to have in 2015 in terms of securing new IoT business will show up as bookings but not as revenue. And that's why I say this, of course, is the world of subscription, where bookings are so important to understand where the business is going, and revenue kind of only tells you where it's been. So we think that you're right. Much of the 15% can be described by run rate. There are some new business, but most of the new business we secure in '15 will show up in the subscription revenue of 2016, '17 and beyond.
James E. Heppelmann: Well, I think, at one level, we factored it in by assuming that, while we just ended a fantastic growth year in Europe, that Europe next year is going to be relatively flat. And while we just finished a disappointing year in China, we also kind of assume that China, next year, will be relatively flat. So I think already, it's built-in to a certain degree into our guidance at that level. Now we assume that the U.S. would continue doing well because the U.S. has been doing well, I think, at the macro level, and it's been doing well in the PTC number. So we assume steady as she goes in U.S., but relatively flat in Europe and China, and kind of more or less steady as she goes in Japan as well, subject to the FX problem we talked about.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, and Steve, maybe I should also say, we'll take everybody through this at our Investor Day, but if you look at the segments in which we do business, you have a CAD market that's growing sort of mid-single digits at best, maybe 4% to 6%. You have a PLM business that's growing 6% to 8%; ALM, maybe 7% to 9%; you have an SLM business that's somewhere in the 10% to 15% range; and an IoT market that's growing around 40%. And so you can imagine that as we prosecute our business that the SLM and especially the IoT businesses are going to grow fast and become a bigger and bigger piece of our pie, and as that happens, our whole pie will grow faster. So I'm pretty optimistic actually that we're going to see improving growth rates as we move through that 2018. If we do, in the IoT business, what I think we're perfectly capable of doing and, quite frankly, have the right to do based on the position we've already created for ourselves.
James E. Heppelmann: And I think as you look at '15, it will be in the 360 to 370 range. So we'll have a little bit more capacity largely because we've acquired some capacity. But as Jeff said, what we're really focusing on is not a big expansion in capacity, but to continue to refine our go-to-market model to continue to get better productivity. As we all know, there's plenty of room for improved productivity. We've made tremendous progress, but we're a long way from being done capturing the opportunity to improve sales productivity. So now on your second question about kind of managing risk, we're trying to be careful there. You might remember last year, we put in place a segmented sales model. It all still reported to the same guy, but we said, we need to spread out where we put our focus a little bit. We can't have everybody doing everything because then, some things don't get done at all. So we segmented into service sellers and product development sellers and then full product line sellers. That, we felt, worked pretty well. We rebuilt the service pipeline, as we've talked about, and have a lot of momentum there, and did just fine in the core business. So that felt like a good move. What we're really doing here is we're adding one more segment, which is IoT sellers, to that model, and what we're basically saying is if we're going to go out and hunt for new accounts, let's hunt with IoT because that is so compelling right now. It's the hottest topic out there. Everybody wants to talk about it, and we have a very strong position without the kind of entrenched competitors that we have when we go try to mount a CAD or PLM campaign. So I don't think it's actually a huge risk. We're basically saying, "Let's concentrate the hunting of new accounts in this area, where, we believe, based on evidence we have already, the hunting will be so much more productive." And so I don't think it's a big change. It all still reports to the same guy, Bob Ranaldi. It's sort of one more piece on top of what worked so well last year. Time will tell, but I'm pretty confident we'll execute this strategy well, both holding what we have in the core business and then adding a lot of new logos and new bookings in the IoT business that actually don't help that much in 2015 revenue but really set us up to lead in that category and grow like -- grow much faster in '16, '17 and '18.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So just first I'm going to hit IBM. I think IBM is a competitor, and to some extent, it's IBM with a bunch of little companies you never heard of. But I don't think IBM has the product suite that we have. They have WebSphere and they have busloads of programmers and stuff like that, but they don't really have the solution set we have. But they're IBM. That's a company that you ought to take very seriously. GE is a very different story. We love GE. GE is a very big customer of ours. We are contributing some elements into their Industrial Internet strategy. We're working to get more of our stuff in their strategy, but they're not really a competitor. Because even though they're talking about taking their stuff to market, what they're really talking about, if you dig into it, and I have, is where they sell hardware, jet engines, turbines, medical devices, they would like to sell Industrial Internet solutions to help optimize the way those things are, in particular, serviced. And so that's great. I love GE. I think that the more GE talks about Industrial Internet, the more it helps us. I frequently say to customers, "If you're impressed by what GE is doing and don't have the billions of dollars to spend opening your own center with 800 developers out in Silicon Valley, then that's fine, I have that in the box. I'll put a pretty ribbon on the box, and we'll ship it to you. And you can have the same things for pennies on the dollar." It's pretty interesting to people.
James E. Heppelmann: Okay. So it really is, first and foremost, about flexibility. We all went to college, and when we graduated from college, did we all go buy a house? No. Probably every single person on this call went out and rented an apartment. Why? Well, we just weren't sure what to lock in on yet, and maybe, we didn't have the capital. So we all rented for a while, and that gave us a lot of flexibility. We could upgrade to a better apartment later. We could move to a different city if our job changed. I mean, that flexibility is worth a lot, and we all paid more for that apartment than we might have paid had we purchased a house. Because at least, with a house, if the payments were high, we would have been creating some equity, which, of course, we're not creating in an apartment. So I mean, it's just a model that, from a flexibility standpoint, has value, and people are ready and prepared to pay for that value. But the OpEx, CapEx thing is very, very important. When you go talk to the VP of any department, he or she has a budget and he or she can spend their budget, but as soon as you start talking about CapEx, that's a different process. That's a process that involves many different people. It's sort of a shared money. Typically, that's only revisited once a year. I mean, it's very difficult, relatively speaking, to get something into a CapEx budget versus an OpEx budget. So it's just a lot simpler to free up OpEx dollars. And then, of course, they see that, "I don't have to buy all the shelfware to get a good price," and so on and so forth. So I think there is good value for customers. They're willing, as we all are, to pay more for that, just like we all pay more for rental cars or even leasing cars or apartments than we do to buy the asset, but I think there's also people out there who feel like, "Hey, if I'm going to lock in to this for a long time and I'm very comfortable, I should buy it because I'll save money." So I think it's just a matter of what attitude does the customer come to the table with. But this idea of flexibility is important because people, for dozens of years in this industry, have bought things only to realize that wasn't quite the right thing, but the seller won't take it back. And therefore, it became a write-off. So they like the flexibility to reconfigure at least at renewal time.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. 80% is probably a little high, 70% to 75%, because if -- we're just talking out loud here. If we say 30% of license is 10% of revenue -- so you'd add another 10% to the 50% to 55% and you'd be at 60% to 65% of our business would be recurring at that point.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, that's a factor. Just the math on that would be if the services revenue, which is, today, 20% to 25% of our revenue, if that were going to decrease substantially in the mix, of course, that means that the proportion of the total revenue that's renewable would climb by another 5 points or so.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Saket, I would also add a couple of more pieces of color to that. One is that in 2014, we've been carrying on our books a very expensive startup company. But particularly when we added Axeda to the ThingWorx business, we gained a lot of scale. And that business is quickly kind of approaching a breakeven point and, at some point here, it will become a profitable business. And that will help a lot to take some pressure off us. At the same time, I don't think it would be accurate for us to say we're going to get to 28% to 30% without any restructuring events between here and now. I mean, we've had a series of restructuring events on our way from 13% to 25%, and I could foresee that there will be a need for more of those here and there between now and 2018.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Well, let me say just holistically at the top level. Our interest in subscription is driven, first and foremost, by an expanding addressable market, expansions particularly in IoT, where we think that business is subscription, should be subscription and so forth. So when we talk about the mix of subscription at 15% now and going to 30% over time, a lot of that is simply because the IoT business is modeled to be growing fast during that time frame and to be mostly subscription. Now that said, I do think -- if I come back really to your question, which is back in the core business, how does it look. I think that what we've seen is that customers are -- they're actually willing, in some cases, to be more aggressive with a subscription contract than with a perpetual contract, again, for fear of buying a busload of shelfware and then finding out it's the wrong stuff. So we've done some really great subscription contracts even in the big deal business last year. I mean, you'll realize -- if you go through the math, I said roughly 1/4 of the 15% is run rate from the core business. So we already have a substantial chunk of subscription in the core business. But I think if we go now to the reseller space, I think it's a huge boon for the resellers because these guys are doing business with small- and medium-sized companies that frequently just don't have the financial wherewithal to buy assets or to buy them in volume to get better pricing and so forth. And so they're much happier, in many cases, to go with a subscription model. So I think it does give us the ability to go down-market and even to just appeal more broadly in that market of small- and medium-sized companies.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I don't think, at this point in time, we see subscription driving a change to the cadence of our release schedule. Maybe we'll think differently as we get deeper into it. But I think right now, keep in mind we're really talking more about subscription than SaaS. There is an element of hosting or what we call cloud services here, but we're not really talking about a pure SaaS model. We're saying it's the same software. It's just, do you want to buy it or rent it? And at this point, we're kind of typically building our release cadences around innovative ideas we have, sometimes competitive responses to things, sometimes customer satisfaction or whatever and might need to fix a usability problem in a piece of software and we need to fix it quickly or something like that. So I think that my view would be, in the near term, those factors will be more important drivers of release cadence than in subscription, but maybe I'll get educated. I'm open to that.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. And maybe I'll just add for everybody's benefit. We are making progress on our CFO search. We're sort of working our way now through a shortlist of very good-looking candidates. I think we don't have any imminent announcement here, but I think we're more or less on schedule as we expected to be with that CFO replacement for Jeff. In the meantime, you can hear today and see next week that Jeff is fully engaged in the business, and we have 100% confidence in him. It's just a healthy situation. We're working our way through, and I think we'll have a productive conclusion to that late this calendar year or possibly into next calendar year, depending upon if there are some delays in the start time or something like that. But Jeff is committed to hang around until such time as we've completely transitioned everything, and then he'll go spend some time doing all those other great things in life. So I hope to see all you guys next week. And with that, I'll turn it over to James Hillier.
