Andrew D. Miller: It's really the timing. We based – our view of Q4 didn't really change from our view of Q4 last quarter, small amount of bookings that moved from Q4 into Q3. So the over-performance for the full year is very much based upon strong performance in Q3. But we also felt strong enough about our forecast for the fourth quarter that we pulled the bottom end of the range substantially.
Andrew D. Miller: So, clearly, the sales force will try to move them from perpetual to subscription. Some of those large customers have CapEx budgets, they've already planned it this way, and it may not be possible; others, we've been successful. We based our guidance on what we see in the pipeline as we start the quarter and so that's basically our assumption. And of course Q4 typically has the greatest number of large deals. And so the fact that more would be perpetual certainly is a reasonable outcome despite how hard we push, given the fact our large customers really may not have had time to adjust how they can buy during this particular cycle. The one thing that I'm happy to share is that the large deals we had last quarter in Q3, we had a big uptick on that compared to a year ago, three-fourths of them ended up going subscription.
Andrew D. Miller: The one thing I'll remind you is we actually only have three quarters of really having a full force subscription program. So we, for example, recently did a deep dive by product, by geo, by channel, looking at what percentage of the deals have been subscription one quarter in a row, two quarters a row in each of those cuts. And it looks great when you see lots of parts of the business that are predominately subscription two quarters in a row but then you have to step back and realize it's only two quarters. So it's just moved very, very quickly, which we're pleased with. But we need to be prudent on our expectations of how this goes.
Andrew D. Miller: Large deals were reasonably strong for the quarter at the higher end if you compare it to prior PTC quarters. So it was, we said previously 30% to 50% of our bookings come from large deals. It was near the higher end of that, not quite 50% but near the higher end of that.
Andrew D. Miller: Yeah. And to be frank, we saw 31% constant currency bookings growth. We don't believe that is the ongoing growth profile for the business. That's the variability of having frankly a strong performance, lot of large deals, strong execution and frankly a compare against not necessarily really strong performance a year ago, as the economy suddenly weakened.
Andrew D. Miller: So our close rates actually were a little higher than they've been in recent quarters this past quarter. And frankly, our sales pipeline supports the guidance that we've laid out for next quarter using all of our analytics around historical close rates which we look at by deal size, by segment, by geography, by almost any cut you could possibly imagine. And so at this point in time, we think we've been appropriately cautious of the broader macro environment and taking into account Brexit in the guidance that we've given. As I mentioned, we didn't see an impact, but clearly it hit like just in the final week and a half. So, you wouldn't expect companies would be able to react that quickly to it. We're watching it closely but frankly we think we've been appropriately prudent in our guidance.
Andrew D. Miller: You have to look at – given the size of that business – if you do $9.5 million in three deals in a single quarter...
Andrew D. Miller: Right. So I'll give you the number. It was 62% but basically Kepware, of which we shared, was about $5 million of bookings, and I'll give you the year ago. Tim's pointing at the number, I have it in front of me – it was 62%, but about $5 million of our bookings were Kepware, which were all perpetual. So it's predominantly subscription. There was one large perpetual deal, but it was a fraction. It was between $1 million and $2 million, compared to $9.5 million a year ago. That put into perspective for the IoT business. It's predominantly subscription other than Kepware. And we'll actually doing pricing studies (46:38) on the Kepware business.
Andrew D. Miller: We're actually analyzing that right now as we do our business planning, and so we'll clearly give you the best update we can when we release our Q4 earnings. We are starting to look at – we have certain products in certain geographies that for two quarters in a row have been over 80% subscription in the direct channel, for example. And so, we're starting to look at those and think through should we frankly move completely to subscription for those products and at what point in time. We've also released a number of products, like PTC Navigate is available only as a subscription product. So most of the, or many of the, new products that are coming out are only available subscription. So we're analyzing all that stuff. The thing I want to remind you it's only been three quarters. And so it's not like we've been on the transition for two years. We've got tons of data that we're able to figure out what real trends are. We're actually having to continue to kind of segment our analysis, take out a big deal, see if the trend's still there, look at it not just by dollars but transaction count, things like that, to understand kind of where we're at and where we want to end up.
James E. Heppelmann: Yeah, I think the cloud-based CAD will come in some phases. Some early phases involve repositioning the product largely in its current form but served through a cloud SaaS model. And then subsequent to that, we're likely to go into some deeper phases where we do more fulsome remodeling of the architecture to fully optimize it for the cloud. So I think you're going to see us take some steps that allow somebody to purchase Creo, sort of, as it now in a cloud SaaS model. And then I think you'll see the product evolve from there in more significant ways that represents something a little bit more to re-think. But that will be an option. We're not going to take it off the market in its current form. We got a lot of customers who quite frankly use it on-premise and like it that way. So this for us will be an optional way to deliver the power of Creo.
James E. Heppelmann: Yeah, yeah. We're definitely not trying to flip the base to cloud. If some of them want to go there, absolutely. I think what we see is an incremental opportunity to do a better job participating in the low end with different pricing schemes, different delivery schemes, quite frankly, digital marketing schemes, things like that, that have kind of not really been in our playbook here today. So I think this means we run the CAD business as we know it and we'd pursue an incremental opportunity enabled by a different technological delivery and go-to-market model.
James E. Heppelmann: And Saket, I might just add for some color here. I kind of remember having similar conversations 90 days and 180 days ago. But the thing to remember is that our sales cycles aren't short, so all of these opportunities started some time ago as perpetual. That's kind of the buying understanding we had with our customers for years; in some cases, decades. So the sales guys are working hard to flip these things to a subscription because, amongst other things, they make better compensation as you've heard. But we don't know if they'll succeed or not. So we go back to the data we have on our Salesforce.com system and that's what we have to work with. I think anything above that is just sort of a shot in the dark and we hope to exceed it but we're going to go with the data we have and hope it's a number we can beat.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Well, on the market development side, we now have a combination. We have a freemium developer site where you can gain access to ThingWorx, download ThingWorx, start creating some apps, try it out in a freemium model. You can do the same with Kepware and you can do the same with Vuforia. These are three different experiences, but then they're cross-linked like, if you like one, well, then you could link over here and try this complimentary NICs (34:44) capability that links to it and that'd be great. That really went live right around the time of LiveWorx, but the adoption is great and I think in some places, like Vuforia it's off the charts. I think since LiveWorx, we probably added 40,000 more developers to the Vuforia site. It's really unbelievable and the interest level in AR is sky high and we really have something special there. So, I think, the freemium thing is really the way that people want to investigate new technologies. They don't really want a sales call. They want to play with the technology and try building something and gain their own experience, and see how good it is, how strong it is. And if they like it, yeah, then maybe they'll take a sales call to talk about what would an enterprise deal look like or something like that. So, I think the freemium model is very good. And then you asked what do we use to compel them to buy. Really great technology. I think we feel like each of Kepware, ThingWorx and Vuforia are head and shoulders above anything you compare them to. So, we want people to go through that process of making the comparisons. If I move over to Windchill 11, and let's just say our core business in general, we've now begun the process of releasing products that contain ThingWorx, but are used for PLM or SLM or what-have-you. A good example is Navigate, which is a product we launched at LiveWorx. And we're going to sell an amazing amount of Navigate this year already. And what it really is, is a really slick product built on ThingWorx that taps into Windchill and other systems, and customers quite like it. So we're pretty bullish on that. It's had a pretty strong reception since the launch and our forecast for it looked pretty strong and so forth. So we're excited about that. I also mentioned two SLM products we launched at LiveWorx that have ThingWorx built into them. So the first phase was really to sell these platforms as raw technology. And the second phase of our growth strategy is to begin to release new versions, new generations of our traditional products that are IoT and ARVR enabled. And that's now starting to happen. And I think it's an exciting time for us because that could be a very big contributor, not only to our growth but ultimately to us retaining a leadership position in these hot fields of IoT, analytics and ARVR.
James E. Heppelmann: Yeah, I think it's a great question. I think if you look at some of the reports that have been written by the big thinkers, McKinsey and so forth, they almost all identified factory automation as one of the biggest of all IoT use cases. So number one, if you want to be a leader, you probably should play in that space. Now it turns out that the heritage of ThingWorx actually comes from that space, the guys who founded ThingWorx had previously founded a company called Lighthammer that they sold to SAP and it became the basis for SAP's manufacturing automation strategy. Before that, a couple of them had been key players in Wonderware, which now is owned by Schneider and so forth. So, there's a deep sort of heritage, if you will, in manufacturing automation in the product. And then of course, manufacturing automation is almost the sole heritage of Kepware. So, we have some technical jobs, but I think you're right. We feel like that's a domain that PTC has been on the edge of. We help people design products and then design the process by which they'll manufacture those products. But then when the factory starts, we're kind of done. We're doing manufacturing engineering, not manufacturing execution or manufacturing operations. So we don't have as much domain expertise. That's why we target at partners. So we're looking for some horses we can connect our cart to, and we have some good ones. GE, of course, being one. And so this deal was done through a partner. And they took a piece of the deal and there was still a pretty substantial piece left for us. So we think that this is a very exciting opportunity; one, a leader should play in and one that particularly when paired up with partners, we absolutely have a compelling solution and the right to play in. So we're going to go after it.
James E. Heppelmann: Yeah, Sterling, Jim here, if I could add to that. Craig Hayman is a bit of a machine here and he has made some pretty powerful changes. Some people changes, a lot of process changes, a lot of attitudinal changes and we're just executing better. So I think the view of management at PTC is the economy is not better but we're doing a better job with the things we do control. We're closing deals better. We're pursuing deals better. So I just think there's a lot of improvements and execution. We're discounting less. A lot of things that are helping us on the execution side are probably offsetting a macro environment that is no better than we thought it would be.
James E. Heppelmann: Well, I think we're generally talking about bookings growth. So whether they're subscription or perpetual, we generally would book them more or less the same. So it doesn't – but if you...
James E. Heppelmann: Do you remember the total revenue of IoT revenue in the quarter, ballpark anyway? It was like, I don't know, mid teens.
James E. Heppelmann: So we're saying $9.5 million of mid-teens came from three deals and this year we were roughly flat. If you take those three deals away, which means this year we had actually many more deals of much smaller size which is a much healthier mix, it's going to make the quarter any old way, but it's a lot better to make a quarter on the backs of a broad set of small- and medium-sized deals than a couple of a grand slam home runs.
James E. Heppelmann: Right. So a year ago, we didn't have Kepware. But a year ago, a number of ThingWorx deals which we allowed to be sold perpetual at the time, so three of the biggest ThingWorx deals a year ago went perpetual. There's like apples, oranges and bananas here because now we have Kepware which is almost all perpetual, but if you set that aside, almost everything that's left is subscription. So it would be a big shift towards subscription in the pure ThingWorx sales year-over-year
James E. Heppelmann: Yeah, yeah. Definitely, we'd like to see if we could take Kepware to subscription. At the mean time, we've only owned it for quarter and a half here.
James E. Heppelmann: So in some cases, a partner say, I sell perpetual then we have to think about whether or not we'll take that order...
James E. Heppelmann: My comment would maybe about the opposite. And again, it is very much influenced though by big deals. So, it's hard to read too much into this, but one place we did exceptionally well was retail. We have a significant and growing retail business. There was a period of time it slowed a little bit, but it's really come on strong here in FY 2016 all year long. So that for us was our overall best year-over-year performance. If you look at aerospace and defense, if you look at life sciences, if you look at electronics and hi-tech those all grew to varying degrees; life sciences a little stronger than the others I mentioned. And then the one place where we had a bit of a decline year-over-year was industrial products. But again, I don't read too much into this because I'm looking at the data quarter by quarter and it jumps around a lot. So definitely, the industrial sector has not been a great place to do business. We do a lot of business with the Deeres and the Caterpillars and they're all suffering a little bit right now. So that for us is not a great place but we didn't have a terrible quarter. It was still our highest contributor of revenue in the quarter.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I have a slowly different view right now on products. And it's a view we introduced at LiveWorx which was this idea of customer transformation journeys. So what we think is that this new technology enables fundamentally new different and better ways to run certain business processes. And you might remember at LiveWorx we highlighted four of them. Digital engineering could be done in new and exciting ways. We highlighted Agile. Companies could adopt a multi-discipline Agile development process. And then we highlighted manufacturing and then we highlighted service. So more and more, we think about now how would you use elements of our existing product suites and their new technology to systematically transform the way you do engineering. And it's kind of like an orthogonal view to selling more Windchill and more Creo. It's sort of like how would you use Windchill, or Creo or Vuforia, ThingWorx, analytics to do engineering in a different way. And that's methodology that Craig has introduced. I think is a very good one. We're still doing the releases. It's just the kind of a way we think about it is less about what's coming in this next product and when can we take customers to this even greater level of transformation by combining some different solution capabilities and technologies and so forth. So it's a different way of looking at it. It kind of ticks me off staring at product release schedules and thinking more about the transformation roadmap which is something that I think we owe the world more detail on. We introduced it at LiveWorx but we need to go deeper so people understand that better. We did talk – Andy and Tim and I did talk about maybe having investor webcast...
James E. Heppelmann: ...to give you guys some deeper access into what we're talking about. And I think that's we'll probably reach out you to schedule it some upcoming point.
James E. Heppelmann: Yeah. I think it's an important question, and we ask ourselves that question all the time, but we're just – there's a process of planning next year, which we're halfway through. And it's just too early to make that call here on this particular phone call.
James E. Heppelmann: Yeah, I think the competitive environment overall hasn't fundamentally changed, but there's a lot more noise. There are many more stories out there that you can listen to. But I think ours, number one, has evolved a little bit and I will give you some insight into that in a second. And then number two, it's still a very strong story. So our story has evolved in a couple of important ways. We've folded in Kepware and we folded in Vuforia and those are really sexy, important, critical capabilities. We have them. Nobody else does. And ThingWorx itself is fundamentally a really great product. So, we have a very strong technical product. Now, the place we've evolved is we've decided not to fight the infrastructure war, rather than, say, send your data to PTC and we'll stuff it in our cloud, we now say, hey if you want to put your data on Amazon, or if you want to put it on Azure or various other places, we support those. We actually participated in the SAP SAPPHIRE Conference and we showed how you could put data onto HANA Cloud Platform and still use ThingWorx to process it and so forth. So we backed out of that idea of we're going to have a competitive computing infrastructure sort of based on that comment that friends don't let friends run – buy datacenters, or something like that. I'm trying to – I think it was Chuck Phillips from Infor who had that comment. But anyway, as it relates to GE, GE is a partner. And there were some reports written out there suggesting otherwise. But GE is a good strong partner of PTC's. They are in fact, the partner who helped us secure a very large order in the smart manufacturing space. It was good for them, good for us. We have at PTC an aspiration to become an even better partner with GE. We're partnered with part of GE. We'd like to partner with all of GE. That's what we are working on. So we don't put GE in the competitor column. We put IBM in the competitor column and so forth. But that really hasn't changed that much other than there's a lot of noise. People say do you compete with Amazon. And then we have to explain no, in fact, they don't really have products like Kepware and ThingWorx and Vuforia. They provide infrastructure. We're happy to run on their infrastructure. Therefore, it's a combination that makes a lot of sense together but that conversation no doubt slows us down a little bit as we have to spend more time explaining all these different combinations to people.
James E. Heppelmann: Well, I think in the near term it's an exciting differentiator that helps us look different and generate more ASP. I think long term it's bigger than that. And that's why there's so much excitement. A lot of people are saying that AR and AR hardware is the next-generation mobile device. Today, you carry a screen in your pocket, and there's a screen in your car, and there's a screen on the wall in your house, and there's a screen on your computer, and there are screens all over the place, maybe tomorrow you'll put the screen on your head and everything you look at will have digital displays without needing to have their own unique proprietary hardware screens. I'm just looking in my office here, I have a water cooler and I have a coffeemaker and they both have screens. So, I think the reason that Microsoft is spending billions of dollars and the reason Google is spending billions of dollars and Facebook is spending a billions of dollars and others, quite frankly, is this idea that there's a generation of hardware beyond mobile and it's AR devices. And the reason that's so exciting is because you can blend digital data onto physical objects and give an integrated physical digital experience. Now that's what's exciting to us because physical digital, that's what IoT is all about. So IoT is a way for us to get information from the physical world, combine it with everything we already knew digitally from CAD and PLM, and then turn around – in analytics and turn around using Vuforia to augment this back into the field of the view of the user. So, when I look at my coffeemaker, it says Jim, you're going to need to add water. And I don't have to walk over to read that on the screen, it just shows up. And if I say how do I do that, it then takes me through a process using CAD models to explain the process of adding water to my Keurig coffeemaker over there. So it's a powerful idea where IoT, CAD, PLM and SLM, because that's one of the primary use cases and manufacturing per our earlier discussion because that's one of the primary use cases. All this stuff comes together and aligns unbelievably, and PTC is in such a special spot because we have all this stuff and we have the know-how and the vision and the technology to go do it and we're showing people. When I read that report, basically it said if you like Pokémon GO, now you understand what AR is about, if you go to work and say how could we use AR here at work, you're going to end up talking to PTC, because all roads lead to PTC when you start talking about AR and the enterprise. So anyway, we're very excited about it. I think, as you witnessed, the subject of AR kind of stole the show at LiveWorx. It wasn't really the number one thing we planned to talk about but it's the number one thing that everybody at the show wanted to talk about because they can't believe it. It's one of those experiences when you see it, you just say, oh, wow, I didn't know you could do that, and then your mind starts spinning about all the possible applications of it in your business or your personal life or whatever. So it's an exciting place. We're happy to be in such a unique and strong position with our technology and big ideas about what to do with it.
