Jeffrey Glidden: Thank you, Jim. I'll just provide a little additional color on Q3 results, and then we'll move to guidance for Q4 and full year.  As Jim cited, we're very pleased with the results in Q3 and it was a busy quarter. Q3 financial performance really reflects the leverage in our financial model as non-GAAP operating margins expanded 440 basis points to 17.6%.  Cash flow was strong. We generated $48 million in cash flow from operations or $0.40 per share. DSOs improved to 56 days, reflecting again a strong cash flow and good delivery against commitments to customers.  On the capital side, we repurchased 1.8 million shares of PTC stock for $39.9 million, and we completed the MKS acquisition, funded by cash and $250 million of borrowing from our revolver. And we ended the quarter with $261 million in cash, up $1 million from a quarter ago.  With our third quarter results, we also announced that we were reviewing a compliance issue in China involving payments by certain business partners. We have identified and investigated the potential issue as part of our ongoing compliance program. We have engaged outside legal and accounting advices to complete an investigation, and we have notified U.S. government authorities of the potential issue.  Based upon our review today, we have not identified any material impacts to our business operations or financial condition. Our review is continuing and we'll provide further updates as appropriate.  I will close with our Q4 guidance and outlook for the year. Again this assumes the foreign exchange rate of USD $1.45 to the euro. Again that's been fairly choppy, so we're cautious and always look -- watch that very, very closely.  For Q4, we expect non-GAAP revenue of $320 million to $330 million and EPS of $0.40 to $0.44 per share. This guidance reflects our decision to hire additional sales reps in Q4 as Jim cited.  For fiscal year '11, we expect non-GAAP revenue growth of 14% to 15% or $1,150,000,000 to $1,160,000,000. For FY '11, we expect non-GAAP operating margins to be between 17% to 18%, up from 15.6% in FY '10. And we expect non-GAAP EPS to be, as Jim cited, $1.20 to $1.24.  So we thank you for joining us, and we'll now open it up for your questions.
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes, Jay, this is Jeff Glidden. We ended the quarter with approximately 420 sales teams. It's our goal -- I think, we cited this at the PlanetPTC, it's our goal to add approximately 100 additional sales teams over the next year. So I think we started that hiring really already in Q4. It reflects, by the way, just our confidence in the market. I think we've got the demand, we see the demand, we probably got as strong a product position as we've ever had.
Jeffrey Glidden: Jay, I would just add, I think, the teams have done just a great job on renewing maintenance, picking up back maintenance. They've been very strong on the programs. I think the customers really recognize the value. And I think we've been, I'll just say, extremely pleased with the performance. We say it's sustainable and just so we don't miss it, we broke the 1 million seat mark in Windchill this quarter as well. So I think all signs are very strong on the maintenance business.
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes. Just a few comments. I think, first, let's not lose sight of the large deals or the activity is terrific. Pipeline is building and as I think Jim said looking at trends in the short, though, is somewhat helpful. But I think what we said at the midyear was we felt that PLM business was strong, the pipeline was good and just the large-deal activity has been good. So I would expect and say that we've seen good activity with both Creo and with Windchill. And I think that the trends, as Jim described, is we would expect more PLM large deals as well as Creo deals as we go forward. So I'm not sure I have any more specific comments than that.
Jeffrey Glidden: I think, as you saw, we did both this quarter. We continued to stock repurchase plan. We'd expect to complete the $55 million as we planned for the year so that's another $15 million in the fourth quarter. We'll continue on that and I think we shared when we did the MKS deal that we'd expect to pay that line off at a pretty good clip, probably -- certainly within the next, say, 8 to 12 quarters. And it will really give us a lot of flexibility. So I think we're in good shape. As you saw, we generated significant cash again in the quarter and I think we'll expect to be paid probably between $40 million and $50 million of that back just in Q4 alone.
Jeffrey Glidden: And just 2 other comments, just to make sure we're clear. We have backlogs or orders on hand for services. We also have a significant pipeline of new opportunities or extensions to current opportunities in the PLM space. And with many of the larger accounts, we'll have and work with them very directly on 3-year product roadmaps. Those may not committed orders at this time, but they're really a pipeline of activity that we feel pretty good about.
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes. Recognize MKS was really only 1 month with the month of June. So MKS was not a particular contributor to the large deals. I think Jim cited verticals in terms of we saw a return of activity in aerospace and defense. Again we're cautious long term on the government business, but at the same time, we've seen good performance there. Industrial was good. We cited retail and consumer as a large domino win along with some of the high-tech businesses. And again relatively newer vertical for us is medical devices, and that is a good market and has good outlook as well.
Jeffrey Glidden: This is Jeff. On the one hand, I would say, we're cautious on the economic outlook in Europe, particularly, but we've got very good activity. Now we are getting some boost from currency and so that has helped the reported numbers and I think when you take currency out, we still -- we had modest growth. That said, I think the activity in Europe and the strength of our European business and team is very, very good. And so I would say we're cautious, but I think we would look to the next and subsequent quarters. Notwithstanding some major disruptions in Europe, we have a very, very solid pipeline of activity and would expect to post good results for Europe in the next quarter.
Jeffrey Glidden: I would reiterate Jim's comments. We're very pleased to date, we've got a good pipeline of activity but that said, it's only 2 months into it. So I think we're very comfortable with the $75 million and we would, I think generally say, we think there's upside to that because of the market opportunity. But I think it's early, too early for us to give you much more than that, but...
Jeffrey Glidden: Okay, Steve, good question. And we don't specifically break out profitability on Enterprise and Desktop. I think you know that the margin -- really the mix of products are what makes a huge impact there with license and maintenance driving very significant 90% margins with services having lower margins. So we actually look at that -- those trends over time. We also look at it within an account. And I think as Jim has described, you'll sell licenses, you'll follow that with services and over time, the profitability of these accounts will actually build as you build that maintenance base in the same way the PLM business will build. What we're seeing this year is a lot of services revenue, particularly in the Enterprises space, driven by all the license sales of last year. So right now you'd look at it and say, we deal with a lot of services mix. We think as those implementations are completed, we'll sell more license, we'll sell more maintenance and the profitability of those accounts will then again expand in the margin. So I think the patterns that we've seen have been very consistent. I think what we're looking at this year is really the phenomena of a lot of systems that were sold last year we've installed. And again I think as we look at it, we feel pretty good about the growth and the profit expansion from the business as well as in the Enterprise.
Jeffrey Glidden: Correct. And let me just add a point, the Windchill 10.0, one of the goals of that was be able to implement these systems more out-of-the-box at a more rapid pace. And to the extent that as we start and will be implementing Windchill 10.0, that should allow our customers to implement faster with a lower service component over time and obviously therefore, generating additional revenue stream on the product side as well as on the maintenance side.
Jeffrey Glidden: And relative to the Q4, Q1 transition, I mean, we always have Q4 as seasonally our strongest quarter. It's driven heavily obviously by the sales compensation and so forth by direct reps. So I think we'll continue to see pipeline build and obviously adding sales capacity will help that. I'll just give you one other flavor for Q1 is that's also a strong quarter for us in terms of the channel because that fiscal year ends and generally ends in December. So we have a little bit of a -- I'll call it a buoyancy that occurs in the first quarter, which is the fourth calendar quarter, which will help us in Q1. And we'll just have to watch this build on both capacity and on pipeline and will keep you apprised as we see changes or hopefully, positive inflection points. That's what we're looking for.
James Heppelmann: Jay, this is Jim. I mean, I think it's hard for me to read too many trends in those data points because on one hand, there's a sequential story and on the other hand, there's a year-over-year story. And there's seasonality in these numbers and so forth and the numbers moved around a little bit. So I mean, I think, in general, we expect to move in a direction you're suggesting, which is strength to return to the Enterprise numbers somewhat at the expense of or perhaps, in general, a reduction in strength in the CAD numbers. As much as I'd like to keep posting quarters at 41% license growth in the CAD business, I'm a little reticent to project that. So I think that the trend is headed that way, but I can't read as much into this one data point as you might be suggesting there.
James Heppelmann: Well, you can help me here, Jeff. But generally, the trend in maintenance tends to follow about a year behind the trend in license. So one of the things I'm excited about is it's pretty clear that we should have a strong Desktop maintenance year in fiscal '12 following on the backs a surprisingly strong license year here in fiscal '11. So I think that you're probably right. We're at that inflection point where the maintenance is now starting to reflect the license trend that began several quarters prior. And I think, we'll be able to continue now a positive maintenance trend in the Desktop business for some time.
James Heppelmann: Well, I think, probably the bulk of the Creo upside has come from the base. Although, part of that is the former CoCreate base tending to buy the Pro/E product and part of it is the former Pro/E base tending to buy the CoCreate-type capabilities. So a lot of it is cross-sell and some of that, of course, started even in advance of the Creo 1.0 release. But I would tell you, I was speaking yesterday with our reseller channel head, Bob Kocis, and new account production in the reseller channel is at multiyear highs right now. And that's mostly new accounts adopting the Creo product. I think it's sort of in the mid-20s growth rate right now in terms of new account production, which is great. It's fantastic trend. Now those are small accounts and they don't necessarily move the needle that much in the short term on the financials. But over time, they become pretty important to us. So I think that we're definitely seeing a significant measurable uptick in new account production but the bulk of the upside revenue we've had probably comes from the existing base.
James Heppelmann: Maybe I could just clarify something, Yun. So there were 27 large deals in the quarter, and I said about 1/3 of them came from the domino accounts. That does not mean that 2/3 were CAD business because -- maybe another 1/3 came from installed base accounts that weren't domino accounts, but were purchasing Enterprise software. So Windchill was well represented in the big deals. CAD also did well particularly because we used to not have any big CAD deals. So I'd say that the CAD number was up significantly, but the Windchill number was also up significantly, both in terms of deal count and overall revenue. So the big deals are going well. I think part of what happens is when you don't have enough capacity, people tend to congregate around the bigger deals and maybe what we need to do is put more capacity in below those people and make sure that we're pursuing enough base business as well. But I think we're doing well in the big deals.
James Heppelmann: Well, I'd say that this is the previously announced. That's not new news on Hyundai. This is sort of back to Q1, the sort of loss contract we discussed at that point. And the fact that by taking the loss upfront, it made the rest of the project breakeven, and breakeven does not produce good service margins, okay? So this is not a new phenomenon. This is just a continuation of that phenomenon. Part of what I think we were trying to say there is if we could back that out, the rest of the services margins actually look better than they appear. I think that's the point we were trying to make.
James Heppelmann: The project run through the calendar year. And then we'll negotiate a next phase, and I'm confident that the next phase will be on more favorable economic terms.
James Heppelmann: Well, I think our services business, they're looking at 4 to 6 quarters of visibility into their backlog. So as we sit here today, we're pretty comfortable, we know with relatively close precision what the FY '12 services number is already. But I think more importantly, it's not our strategy to grow the service businesses as fast as we can. What we have right now is an effort underway to try to build out a partner ecosystem to which we could give more and more of these services. But the truth is, the demand right now exceeds the ability of PTC and our partners to sort of keep up with. So I think we're in an area of strong demand, but a strategy that says -- increasingly shift some of that services demand to partners, and we're just sort of trying to bridge our way to that future state.
James Heppelmann: Yes. And I think automotive, Hyundai and some of the other OEMs and the big suppliers as well. So I think it was actually -- the truth is it was a pretty good balance. It was not concentrated in one area as we think about it there.
James Heppelmann: I don't think there's a lengthening of decisions, I think that the pipeline is pretty strong. We've been here at a sales management meeting for 2 days, looking at the pipeline for Q4, for Q1 of next year and really for the balance of the year. And I think the pipeline looks pretty good. It's just a question of where does sales guys spend his time? And when the customer says -- calls up and says, hey, I heard about this Creo thing, can you come tell me about it. And then that turns into more activity, which pretty soon turns into a purchase order discussion, then that sales rep gets a little distracted from what he normally would have been doing, which is pushing the ball forward on the Windchill side. So I think what we need is we need more capacity so that we can have both of those conversations, not one or the other. And that probably means we need reps to have fewer accounts and more time per account to carry on multiple conversations. So I think that's why we think it's a capacity issue, not a demand issue. Nobody at PTC or sort of in our whole ecosystem here really envision that we were going to have the kind of Creo year that we had this year. It's surpassed everybody's expectations, management included here. And it came a bit at the expense of our ability to spend as many cycles on the Windchill business as we would have projected to do at the beginning of the year.
James Heppelmann: What I think you have is 2 overlaying factors going on simultaneous here. On one, you have an improving economy. Our customers are hiring engineers. They're expanding their deployment of CAD technology and so forth. So there's an economic factor. And then separate from that, there's an exciting new product factor. And these things are overlaying each other and sometimes it's hard to assign a certain weighting to each of these separate factors. I definitely think the economic factor will run its course. But we'll be left with the new product factor, which I think is also interesting. So I would anticipate and I've said this previously that we will revert to a growth rate that is noticeably superior to the growth rate we would have had, had we not had this new product. So maybe we would have thought this business was a 3% to 5% grower, I think post Creo, we think this business is 5% to 8% grower, sort of on a go-forward basis, after the economy factor runs its course.
James Heppelmann: Well, I think, first of all, if we talk about PLM, in general, we did have a 20% growth quarter in our Enterprise business, so I don't...
James Heppelmann: Listen, that's fair. I was just trying to remind everybody the big picture, the business is growing nicely. But you're right, we need to focus on the license. I think in Q4 here we'll be disappointed if we don't post a positive year-over-year license growth number in Q4. And then I think we would be disappointed if we didn't, throughout next year, continue to post increasingly positive year-over-year license growth numbers. So I think we feel like this snuck up on us a little bit. It takes a quarter or 2 to react to it, both to kind of remind people to focus on the right things and they add in more capacity so that they don't have to make so many trade-offs and so forth. But I think in Q4, we would expect to give everybody numbers you're happier with and then that trend would continue.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, if you look at that 4-box, we had 14% growth in SMB CAD on the back of 22% license growth. And we had 10% growth in SMB PLM on the backs of 33% license growth. So I think both of those businesses are doing well right now. The way the SMB business typically works is we win the CAD business first, we grow that footprint for a while and then we bring in the PLM component. So I think this is a place where PLM almost always follows CAD. So I think that the introduction of new oxygen, new accounts into this SMB space is very important. I think there was a period of time where that was difficult to do because our CAD product maybe was viewed as old and tired. Right now our CAD product is viewed as the most exciting thing in the industry and people want to talk to us. They're pulling again which is something that we haven't had for a while. So I think that, that trend in the CAD business is very sustainable. It actually -- it took longer for to SMB business to react to the improving economic situations. But I think that now we're in a pretty good spot there, and I think we'll continue to see some good numbers coming out of our reseller channel going forward.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think the diligence period was a little strange for us because it was a public-to-public deal involving a Canadian public company. And so normally, we get much more intimate during the pre-close period than we were allowed to here. So I think that what we've found is that the cultural fit is very positive. These guys come to our meetings and you can't hardly tell who's who anymore. They already fit right in and think the same way. The sort of technological concepts inside their products are pretty much aligned with the same ones we have. We always talk about this concept of an integral architecture, and it's not just coincidence that their product is named Integrity because they talk about an integral architecture as well. So I think there's some very good cultural alignment, very good strategic alignment. So I would say that thus far -- and we're early here, but thus far a significant integration, post-merger integration project, is doing better than we might dare hope it would.
James Heppelmann: Yes. Certainly, our early findings would suggest that, that $75 million number is not a stretch number. That's a good conservative number that we ought to be able to beat and as Jeff said, possibility.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, on the first part of your question, the number one and two contributors to the domino program would be the SAW and Siemens and they're probably about tied. And number three would be SAP. There's a number of domino situations where there are customers who tried SAP PLM and essentially came to the conclusion that wasn't the right solution. So I think 2 years ago already, Richard, I remember we gave you a model that we call the domino monetization model. And it sort of predicted how we thought revenue streams would materialize after a domino win. And I think that model has proven to be remarkably accurate. And it's just a model. But basically, we said we'd get a little upfront project, mostly services. We execute on that. That turns into a most significant license order. And then service and then the maintenance starts to become more meaningful, and we execute on that. And there's another phase of expansion and so forth. And I think if you look at it, I said about 1/3 of the 27 dominoes -- about 1/3 of the 27 large accounts -- large deals, excuse me, were coming from the domino accounts. Well, there were only 2 new domino accounts in the quarter. So even if they gave us significant transactions, that meant that a number of the pre-existing dominoes also gave us significant new transactions. So I think that, that model has proven very accurate, and we do feel like more sales reps would give us the ability to pursue more domino accounts. These things take time and energy and so forth and when you start -- if you're a sales guy and you're in a situation where you have more opportunity than you have time to pursue, then you tend to congregate your resources and your energy -- concentrate your resources and energy around the big deals that are most sure. And I think what we need to do by adding more capacity is you push people a little bit outside of their comfort zone and make them go out and develop more new business, start new campaigns, develop new customers, et cetera. And I'm pretty confident we'll be able to do that.
James Heppelmann: Yes. I don't know, Jeff, maybe there's some rule of thumb we could think of. I'm looking through the numbers here to back it up. But probably, if license plus maintenance is greater than service, then the business is profitable.
James Heppelmann: And the more so that mix moves in the direction of license plus maintenance, the more profitable the business is.
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, it gets a little tricky here because I think the underlying phenomena is different in the Enterprise business versus the Desktop business. The Enterprise business is not really a modules-and-upgrades business. It's really more of a new seat business. And sometimes an expansion of the footprint does come into effect. But on the other hand, the CAD business, the Desktop business is very much a modules-and-upgrade business. So the modules-and-upgrade opportunity with Creo has basically yet to start because that was something we couldn't sell until those products were released and we just released them, of course, in June. So I think that there definitely is an opportunity around the maintenance renewal or even separate from one to go do a Creo deal to sort of upgrade the seat configuration to contain new modules and so forth. And perhaps to add some new seats direct to the parametric base and so forth. So I think that's very interesting, but I think on the Windchill side, it's a different phenomenon. Most of our significant windchill orders come from new wins and then expansions of those wins into more seats, more departments, more geographies what have you.
James Heppelmann: I'll let you hit the second question there, Jeff. Just on the first question, I think, part of the problem with the license growth this year is that we probably didn't have enough capacity in place, if we're honest with ourselves, with the benefit of hindsight here, to deliver on the 20-plus license growth. But I think the second thing is we got off to a slow start, but we did 15% in Q2. We just did 18% in Q3 and I think if you look at our guidance range for Q4, it's sort of in the 15% to 20%, let's call it 18% again. So I think in the back half of the year, we are going to deliver sort of 18% license growth, which is comfortably in the middle of the range of 15% to 20%. So I feel like maybe we were a little too bullish particularly as it relates to capacity to underlie that bullishness. But I think that we're in a pretty good place and if we can inject a little bit more capacity and catch-up, then we ought to be able to sustain license growth in sort of 15% to 20% range for some time going forward.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I think there's some significant deals in the pipeline here even for Q4. Part of the Arbortext story -- and I think we told you this probably at the investor event, is that we have some significant new capabilities coming to transform this story from a technical publishing story into more of a next-generation service information system story. For example, the type that Caterpillar has talked about with you guys in the past. So some of the new product capabilities that help that transition or transformation take place are coming this quarter. And so I think you're going to see us have some pretty interesting transactions around the Arbortext businesses this quarter. And then having to spend a couple days here with sales management, I'd say that the longer-term pipeline, the FY '12 pipeline, suggest that Arbortext will grow after than Windshield or Creo next year. So I think that, that will be sort of a situation Arbortext has extremely strong growth. Enterprise being a much bigger business, of course. We'll have impressive growth and then we would expect Creo to sort of return to a more sustainable levels at that point.
James Heppelmann: Well, it's hard to say because we need to see a little bit what Autodesk really does here. I mean, Autodesk is starting to talk about PLM, but I will actually point out this will be their fourth run at a PLM strategy. So they're 0 for 3 and maybe the fourth one will be a big success. I don't know. But I do know this, PLM is something that isn't just about products. When we sell PLM, we help companies transform their business processes and that's one of the reasons there's a lot of services involved. And Autodesk has a channel and a distribution mechanism that does not align with that idea at all. So Autodesk is good at moving products. They're not good at helping companies transform business processes. And I'm not sure they know that yet. I'm not sure they know that, that's required yet. So I think that Autodesk might put some PLM in the cloud and I'm not sure that's going to matter if their resellers aren't able to sit down and work through process transformation and financial product value propositions associated with changing the way you develop products from an as is to a to be model and so forth. I just don't think that -- for sure in the Enterprise space, Autodesk is not even going to be able to engage in an intelligent conversation. And I think in the SMB space, their resellers are just one step different than a store shelf, basically. So I think it's going to be difficult for them. I think we have one more question.
James Heppelmann: Well, you think, Jay, for many years, we said that we felt the seat opportunity in a given account for Windchill was 10x to 20x the seat opportunity in that same account for CAD. And so we're headed there. As you mentioned, we're at sort of a 7x ratio right now. But that said, we're selling windchill to a lot of accounts that never bought any CAD, so you can't just take our CAD based on 7 and say that's the opportunity because when you think of some of these big retail accounts, the targets, for example, they don't have any Creo and we're selling them many, many Windchill seats and we've had a terrific run of those type of accounts. And then on the other hand, we're selling a lot of Windchill to accounts that use somebody else's CAD tools, use CATIA or UG NX [ph] or what have you -- SolidWorks. So I think that we feel like this ratio will continue to develop in the direction you said. Now I think there's also an opportunity to increase the CAD seats in this cross-sell of direct to Parametric and Parametric to direct technologies should as well help with the cross-sell and could drive up the number of CAD seats, thereby further increasing the number of Windchill seats. So I think from a seat count standpoint, we expect this trend to continue indefinitely. The second part of your question, I think, was really about the ASP, the average seat price. I think that there is 2 competing trends there. On one end, as the footprint of Windchill gets bigger and deeper and we do have more modules that we can pile into an existing seat and then the price of that seat and that user goes up. But on the other hand, we keep holding in more and more casual users as we expand to that bigger ratio. As you go from 7 to 1, to 10 to 1, to 20 to 1, you're involving more and more casual users, who would expect to pay much less per seat than sort of the more concentrated users that preceded them. So I think these 2 factors balance each other out, and I can't really predict that the average maintenance per seat will go up. I think the 2 factors might kind of counterbalance each other, and we would see about the same trend, if I had to guess.
