Jeffrey Glidden: Well, thank you, Jim. As Jim said, we're pleased with our financial results for the second quarter. Revenue improved to $329 million and non-GAAP operating profit increased 27% to $80 million. However, a higher tax rate in Q2 of '14 resulted in non-GAAP EPS growth of 17%.  As previously discussed, we expect our fiscal '14 tax rate to be approximately 25% as compared to 21.6% in fiscal '13. This higher tax rate is principally due to a shift in mix of geographical profit, driven largely by an increase in revenue from our U.S. operations.  In addition, our fiscal '13 tax rate was benefited by the reinstatement of the U.S. R&D tax credit by Congress for both 2013 and 2012.  Our Q2 non-GAAP operating margin increased by 440 basis points to 24.4%. This increase is attributable to continued expense management discipline, coupled with higher gross margins in our global services operations.  We continue to have very good cash collections from our customers, and generated $111 million in cash flow from operations. We ended the quarter, with cash of $270 million, paid down $50 million of debt and repurchased $40 million of PTC stock.  Clearly, a highlight has been the acquisition of ThingWorx, which was completed on the first day of Q2. In January, we expanded our credit facility to $1 billion and extended the maturity into 2019. So all in, we completed another very busy quarter and a productive quarter. And at the mid-year, we have delivered earnings per share of $0.98 for the fiscal first half for a year-over-year increase of 26%.  Now looking ahead to our outlook for Q3 and the full year. Macro indicators suggest that we're in the early stages of an economic recovery with improvements expected from manufacturing output in the U.S. and Europe, with continued softness and uncertainty in the Pac Rim. Given this background, we expect Q3 revenue to be in the range of $325 million to $340 million, and we expect to deliver non-GAAP EPS of $0.48 to $0.52.  For the fiscal year '14, we have increased our full year guidance by $5 million, and we have increased our non-GAAP EPS to a range of $2.05 to $2.15.  Again, we appreciate you joining us today. And I will now turn the call back over to James Hillier. 
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes, a lot of it was follow-on deals with the customers that have already purchased with us. We see extensions in PLM per se, that would be the Windchill, as well as extensions and add-ons with ALM and with some of the other quality programs and so forth. So, I'd say, large customers really, I think with a higher level of confidence, Sterling, that's fine, we've got a couple of additional deals that became megadeals that upsized during the quarter and was really reflective of customers being more confident about extending what they already have and then looking at adjacent revenue streams. 
Jeffrey Glidden: Well, so a couple of things. The long-term target that we put out there is to get to 20 points, 20% margin in the services business and as we said before, to continue to build out the partner ecosystem really to give the customers more choice and that's also a piece of our enhancing our margin business. I just want to make a comment on the quarter, it was an excellent quarter. There were some discrete items in the quarter that caused the margin to be higher than we had anticipated, and so I just feel a little bit cautious we're going to -- we're pretty -- fairly comfortable, we'll get to 15 points this year, for the full year I think there's some upside to that, Matt. But almost 19% was an unusually strong quarter. We're very pleased with it. But we'd be a little bit more cautious on the next couple of quarters in terms of the outlook. But I think very confident about building that, I think, Matt Cohen has taken over that business. He's a great leader and will continue to very strongly drive to those goals and beyond. 
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes. So renewals are very good. One of the things that's a little funky is in the quarter, our quarter last quarter, prior quarter, ended on December 28. There's a bunch of renewals that occur on the 31st or the 30th. Those actually land in our second fiscal quarter. So if you looked at it, we were sequentially, we were down in deferred a bit at the end of Q1 and I said, "Don't worry about it, it will come in strong in January." And that's exactly what we saw. 
Jeffrey Glidden: If you looked at that Q2, year ago, it went down slightly. So I think, we'd look at that as kind of seasonal. I think Jim's described particularly on Creo, the adoption of 2.0, the benefits of that so I think, we feel overall quite confident in it but I would describe it -- I think we did describe it as largely a seasonal shift just Q2 over Q1. 
Jeffrey Glidden: Yes, another way we look at is maturity of the pipeline and we're doing better as Jim said, having salesforce.com and that information is very helpful. And when we look at the total pipeline, that's always very interesting because that's really forward-looking. Maturity is what actually closes in a current period. And I think we are encouraged by the total build and as the pipeline matures, the close rates of that mature pipeline is probably the key. So it's not one dimension in terms of calling what the close rate is. 
Jeffrey Glidden: So Ben, this is Jeff. On the verticals, just in general comment our largest vertical is core industrial and that was a very good performance in the quarter. So we saw good movement in industrial. Probably the fastest growth was in automotive and automotive is an important vertical, and it is growing in a pretty rapid rate. I don't see it eclipsing the core industrial, but it was very strong. I would add just retail and consumer was also strong and aerospace and defense was really largely flat, maybe down slightly with aerospace being probably the commercial side, stronger and the defense side, slightly weaker. So that would be just the color I'd give you one on the verticals. 
James Heppelmann: Good questions, and good morning, Sterling. So first of all, on the contract length. If you look at the deals that are closing in the ThingWorx world, they tend to be either 1- or 3-year subscriptions. Prior to us, a quarter in the company, they were signing people up for 1-year and we said, wouldn't it be a better idea to sign them of for 3? So they switched to that model without much pain. So sort of was 1 shifting to 3. What we tend to have in terms of contract size is a of proof of concept projects. People are excited but they need to go do something, shopping around the company, show it to their boss, et cetera, to do a bigger project. While there are some companies who have been doing connectivity for a while, maybe under the heading of condition monitoring or something like that and these people I think, can move more aggressively because they say, hey, that's just a better tool to do something we're already doing at scale. But there's a lot of projects that are, just to be clear not huge but if we win those projects, we then become the vendor that grows with them as their program grows over time. So not huge contracts, typically, but important sort of design wins, if you will, that lock us into their business going forward and then take in over a period of 36 months, if it's a 3-year commitment. In terms of where they're coming from, definitely, the sweet spot right now is industrial. Our company buys some things on the edges, maybe some electronics, maybe some commercial vehicles, things like that, but typically, expensive business-to-business type assets that live for a while and need to have routine service and maintenance and monitoring and so forth. So equipment, HVAC, elevators and escalators, electronics, stuff you'd find in a big data center and then trucks, buses, things like that, that similarly need to be monitored and maintained and so forth. So that's kind of that -- it's probably the tip of the spear. Those people are mostly eager to get going. I think that the big automotive companies are all formulating strategies but of course, they need to be a lot more careful about it, and they are taking their time and trying to decide what's going to be proprietary and what do they want to buy for the market and so forth. So they're probably a step behind. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, just to add a couple of comments without naming names. I'd say, like large European automotive firm OEM gave us a pretty substantial expansion. A large German industrial company gave us pretty substantial, relatively new order. I mean, we had done a little bit in the company, but the whole company committed to this technology going forward. A large U.S. automotive supplier gave us a very substantial order, again, that was an expansion of the program we had started sometime ago. So this sort of follows the pattern that sometimes, the first order isn't that large but like in the case of this U.S. automotive supplier, you circle back and you get a couple more pretty substantial orders over time as this thing spreads across more users, more divisions, more functionality and so forth. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. Well good morning Matt. and that's a good and interesting question. So I think at the last earnings call, we said we were sort of at that tipping point, the 50/50 point, now we're at, let's call it the 60% point or so. Where the majority of customers are now on Creo. And I got to tell you, I mean, our Creo R&D team has really done a fantastic job because customers who go through this migration process are so happy with both the result that they have when they're done but also the process of going through it. I mean, more than one customer have told me this is the single best major technology migration we've ever done. Because it was not very painful and everybody is so happy. So in fact, Caterpillar has gone to Creo 2.0 and they're pretty happy with it. Pretty good results and so to your question, what happens is that Caterpillar says to the supply chain hey, suppliers, we're using Creo 2.0 now and please upgrade yourselves because while we can take your Pro/ENGINEER data and use it, you can't take our Creo data back into Pro/ENGINEER. It's sort of forward compatible, not equally reverse compatible as is typically the case in software. So then all of the Caterpillar suppliers upgrade. Now, it turns out that a couple of quarters ahead of Caterpillar, John Deere did the same thing. So suddenly you now get the whole industrial vertical, both the OEMs and suppliers starting to count out all converge on a Creo environment because it's just better for everybody. And again, it's a good story because people are pretty happy when they get there. That's not always been the case with technology in general and it's quite frequently, not been the case with CAD migrations in our industry. So for us that really unlocks then this upsell opportunity with all the new stuff. 
James Heppelmann: Hey Matt, Jim here. If I could just add. Within the mix, we're talking about a service business that overall is going to have slow growth to little growth. If you break that into some segments, it -- as we reported, it includes this managed service business, which is really subscription revenue. But we need to put that in one of our reporting lines and it's not maintenance, it's not license, so that's where it ends up. So that, we'd like to grow fast. And then there's also an education business, e-learning and training and so forth. And that's a high-margin service business we quite like and we like to grow there fast. So inside a -- the third element just to be clear is let's say, it's in the professional services consulting fees. So inside an overall business that's flat to low growth, you got 2 elements we're trying to grow fast and one that's quite frankly is declining in size intentionally as we offload that to the partners because that's a little low-margin piece that we'd like to continue to farm out to an ecosystem. So that's the way we think about it. If you look at the all-in number, little bit of growth. If you were to break it into the constituent pieces, 2 things growing, one shrinking by design. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. Thanks, Ross, and good morning. So, I mean, the main dynamic is playing out right now is the economies getting better. And that causes deals to get larger. Now if you look at this large deal activity and the discussion about 3 megadeals and so forth, let me first say for everybody's benefit that we define a megadeal as greater than $5 million. So if it's $4.9 million, it's not a megadeal. If it's $5.01 million it is a megadeal. All 3 of these megadeals were just barely over the line. So they weren't $10 million, $15 million deals, they were small megadeals, if you will. If you look at the data in the prepared remarks that we sent out, if you compare year-over-year, you can actually see the average deal size of the large deals is down slightly, which tells you that the real strength wasn't the megadeals, but it was in the lot of between $1 million and $5 million deals that would fit into this category. If you look sequentially, it's up just a little bit and then of course, year-over-year, the count I'm talking about here, year-over-year, the count is up nicely. I attribute that to the economy, because when the economy is difficult, we'll press to get the deal done even if it's smaller size. Okay, you can't do that deal, can you do a deal half that size and so forth. When the economy gets better, people feel a little better about spending money. They tend to agree that let's make this deal a little bit bigger because I have some budget and it's good time to use it and so forth. So I think it's mostly the economy that does this. I think if you look at the strength in big deals and then you look at the category below it, you could say, well, there appears to be less deals in the category below it. I would say only because a bunch of them migrated into the big deal category. So personally I don't think there's any issue here. I think it's all goodness. We actually do like big deals and megadeals, I want to remind everybody. We try to be careful around how do we guide and so forth, but I don't want anybody to think we don't like big commitments, mega commitments and so forth. That makes for a great company when our customers say, hey, I really do want to get married and move in with you. So we do like that concept. We just have to be cautious about when we give you guidance what are our assumptions about a couple of big deals closing or not closing such that, if we're wrong, or the timing is slightly different than we don't disappoint you. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, I think, our Q2, first of all, is always a seasonally weaker challenged quarter for our support business in general. But I think we do expect to see modest seat growth in the CAD business. Again, I think our operating is pretty strong right now. And it's not just for design but right now, if you watch Airbus put together airplanes or Embraer put together airplanes, they may model the components and CATIA, but when it's time to do a digital markup, the software they use is called Creo. And that's expanding in the Beauvias and we've talked about our win at EMEA and so forth. So more and more truck companies automotive companies, if you watch Honda put cars together, half of the car is modeled in Creo, half of it's modeled in CATIA, maybe even 1/3, 2/3, but when it's time to say what that entire car look like? All that stuff comes into Creo. So I think that we're starting to get some mojo back in our CAD business. Don't want to get ahead of ourselves because it's still a mature market. But the question is can we hold our own in this mature market? I'm feeling better about that on the strengths of how good this Creo product really is as compared to the predecessor Pro/ENGINEER. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, Ross, that's a great question. So ThingWorx is principally priced according to how many things are connected and how many people are connected. So in one deployment, you might have 10,000 connected things and 100 connected people. In the next deployment you might have 100 connected things and 10,000 connected people. It all depends on the nature of the business. So that's the basic model. Now where it gets a little tricky is if those 10,000 things are jet engines they're having one discussion, and if those 10,000 things are toothbrushes, you're having another discussion. So it ends up being a bit of negotiation to kind of take that pricing model, which people generally agree with, but sort of adjusted to the practical realities of the situation at hand. So -- but that's the basic approach. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. Good morning Yun. Another interesting question. I think you got to look at the different elements of our business. If you look at PLM, Well, let's first just take off CAD. System integrators don't play a role in the CAD business, there's not much services to be done. But if you move to extended PLM, there's a substantial amount of services that can be done. I think in PLM, because that market's sort of middle-aged, let's say, not mature but not nascent either. I think the system integrators by in large, want to be neutral. They want to tell the customer, you pick the technology, I'm happy to deploy it. I think though if you switch to some of our newest stuff, like SLM and Internet of Things, we're starting to see a different behavior. System integrators would love to be our preferred partner for SLM because that's a highly differentiated story. And similar thing with IoT or even if you want to just call it connected SLM or something like that, I think there's much more interest there. So I think that they're probably following us in the core business of extended PLM, and more helpful in helping us beat the bushes and drum up business in SLM and prospectively, in IoT. 
James Heppelmann: Another interesting question. So I think most, more significant customers don't want that. And the reason why is, let's say, you're a large equipment manufacturer. The data coming off your equipment is highly valuable. And most people want to bring that data right into their data center, own it, control it, whatever. So to be frank, most customers appreciate the fact that this is software, not cloud because if it was cloud, they'd actually push back and say, "I'm not giving you my data." And if it's not their own data center, they outsource it to Amazon or something like that. They're not looking for a cloud, they're looking for analytics and application capability to put in their cloud. Incidentally, we're not that far away from Splunk, who also has a similar model, selling software that you put into your cloud of choice. Now that said, all that said, we do anticipate there will be some probably minority in the near term, but we'll see over time. Some set of customers who would like a hosted solution. And as you know, we have this manu-service [ph] business now that's doing both SLM and PLM, so there is actually an effort underway to prepare an offering for ThingWorx in the cloud, if people want that. I'm just telling you from my own experience being on dozens of sales calls, I'm not -- amongst the bigger companies seen a lot of pull for that yet. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, we did mention last quarter that we had sort of accidentally fallen a little behind, and there has been a push to begin the process of catching up and some progress has been made. Raimo, what I would say though is we need to balance that with our aspirations around improving sales productivity as part of our aspirations around improving our operating margin. For us to get to the sort of, let's say, 28% to 30% operating margin targets that we've talked about, we need a little bit more sales productivity. We've actually had quite a bit in the last 4 years or so, but we need a little bit more. So I think what you should expect is that we would be growing sales capacity slightly less rate than we're growing revenue, license revenue in particular, with the difference being improvements in productivity. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think we give you the data that you can reverse engineer productivity we give you a number of sales reps, should give you license revenue. If you go around that map and compare it to our peers, there's ample room for productivity improvements. 
James Heppelmann: More -- let's say, particularly enterprise software peers, but you can even think of blended average. If you compare us to some desktop peers and allocate 40% of our business to that, and compare us to enterprise peers and allocate 60% of our business to that, that's kind of the way we tend to look at it and you'll see that we're substantially below average at this point and therefore, ample room for improvement. 
James Heppelmann: Well, I think, the biggest factor is the economy, the second biggest factor is a good product that customers like. I think that other -- big deals come and go, and if we have a renewal, we'd certainly try to leverage that. But that's not leverageable if you don't have an opportunity to deliver some real value and you haven't proven yourself and so forth. So I'd say, yes, compelling event to go -- try to get a transaction done in a given quarter or whatever. But that's no basis to buy software if the customer doesn't feel like they like the software and are getting great value from it. So that to me is a factor. I wouldn't consider it to be a primary factor. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. So the first thing is neither of those companies I would consider to be competitors at all. If you look at what ThingWorx does and please do join us for the upcoming event, we'll make that clear. Microsoft and Intel don't have products like that. They have products lower in the technology's stack. So for example,ThingWorx, sits on top of a database. Microsoft saying, "Hey, you could use our database technology for that." So I did look through that -- I didn't attend the event you attended but I did scan through the press release and the announcement they made and so forth. And what I took away from that is Microsoft saying, we have a lot of technology that could play a role in the Internet of Things. And here's our deal for how all of this technology we have could be meaningful. What they didn't really say is that we have a specific Internet of Things offering that's going to blow your socks off, and that's what PTC is saying, or you could use PTC's technology ThingWorx on top of some of that Microsoft infrastructure and everybody's happy, and then there's other infrastructure if you want other than Microsoft. And quite frankly, a lot of their stuff is more big data oriented Hadoop and stuff like that, then it is SQL server-based. But customers will make those kind of choices as they go. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. I'm glad you asked that question because, I'm sorry, I was thinking you were asking a different question about deal size. You're on seat count. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, I think we feel like this is sort of seasonal trends. I think, if you look at the 243 number, it's down a small bit from the previous quarter. It's up versus the year-ago timeframe. If you go back it's up versus 2 years ago. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, Jay, in the meantime, I found a little bit more specific data here, that'll also be helpful so let me share that. If you look at the core Creo, that is the stuff that used to be called Pro/ENGINEER. That number's up, sequentially and it's up substantially year-over-year, up 6,000 seats year-over-year. What there is attrition in is some other stuff, CADs and maybe a little bit of attrition in the CoCreate base and some of those people are trading because they're flipping over to Creo and so forth. So I think that's what you see is the core business, pretty strong, some of the legacy stuff trading a little bit and maybe some of that legacy is trading simply because it's converting over to the core stuff. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, Steve. So close rates actually weren't much better this quarter. In fact, it might have even ticked down a little bit. So we felt like strong pipeline, our guidance said be careful, prudent guidance with the right way to look at it. That's kind of how we're looking at Q3 and Q4, as well. If close rates were to be stronger, we could do better but we're not ready to believe yet that they will be. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, Steve, I'm not sure I have the complete answer. I mean, I think that the better economy has definitely manifested itself in the strong pipeline. The close rate, I would expect it to be higher. I think it probably was if we look at it regionally, and I'm sorry, I don't have that data in front of me. I would anticipate it was actually higher in North America and Europe and probably we gave up some ground in Japan where some deals slipped out of the quarter, and in Asia-Pacific for reasons I previously mentioned. We're not talking about massive changes in close rates here. But a couple of percentage points actually matters a lot. If you're trying to have $3 in the pipe for every $1 in the forecast, then if you're close rate goes up by a percentage point or down by a percentage point, it starts to matter in a meaningful way. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think we've been consistent all along that we have a good pipeline of large deals for the year. We've always said it's difficult to know for certain which quarter they will come in. But that we had sort of more than 2 handful of fingers worth of big deal opportunities in the pipeline. But we still do, in fact, I think at least 1, maybe 2 of the so called megadeals we got last quarter actually weren't in the pipeline as megadeals, they just grow during the course of the quarter into that size just across the line. But I think, we feel like we have a pretty good pipeline in the back half of the year. And again, we're trying to find the right balance of optimism and conservatism, so that we don't get out ahead of ourselves, but we got a lot to work with. 
James Heppelmann: Well, there's a huge amount of interest, let's start with that. So when we call up people and say, "Can we come talk to you about it?" They say, "Oh boy, that's timely," because we just had this internal strategy meeting and so forth. Down in New York City, I think it was 2 weeks ago, we had a forum where we invited a dozen CEOs, and so a dozen CEOs flew in from all over, in this case, the U.S. to talk about what does the Internet of Things mean to a manufacturing company? And these were big name companies, big name CEOs. So that's the kind of attention we can get here. I mean, if I ask a dozen CEOs to come learn about CAD, they say, "I'm busy that day." But they're pretty darn interested. And they came and we've had another -- we had a forum here in the Boston area, a couple months ago, I'm trying to remember if it was March, probably February, I guess it was. And it was dramatically oversubscribed. I mean, we feel kind of bad because we had far too many people in the room and it was crowded, and the sound wasn't right and so forth. Again, a lot of interest. So let's start with that. A lot of interest. Now the truth is, these companies understand this is important. They understand they need to do something. It's not crystal clear to them what they need to do, and I'm not even sure they're entirely ready, but what ThingWorx does is lowers the bar of entry dramatically. This is a rapid application development environment that allows a business analyst, not even an IT guy, but a business analyst, to sit down and say, "Let's try something." If we have this combination of rapid, meaning codeless kind of environment for connecting data streams into applications and you take that with this concept of Agile, which is quick iteration, we can sit down with a customer in a couple of days, we've got honest to God live prototype running. And now, they'll use that to kind of refine what exactly is their strategy because this is, this has helped them understand what's possible. Okay, so then we'll go up in the project and figure out okay, I understand what's possible, what's practical and meaningful and valuable. But at this point, we're locked in. So for us to get that first project, is what's critical because it's just like PLM or CAD, if they start with your technology you become their trusted guy, you're going to be the strategic partner if you don't stumble somewhere along the way. So that's kind of what's happening. We're in a lot of those kind of conversations. A lot of people want to talk to us. I'll share one anecdote about ThingWorx for the call here. We had a typical PTC customer, midmarket customer come to a corporate visit here in December. And this company makes scoreboards, like you'd see in a big sports arena. What's the score of the game, who's up next, whatever. And they came to talk about CAD and PLM, and they were pretty interested in SLM and we told them our vision for CAD, PLM and SLM and our thinking about connectivity. And they got pretty excited and then when we announced the ThingWorx deal, our account managers sent them the link to  the press release, "Hey, we just acquired some technology." Then you should come and tell us about it. We went in there, went through this process, created a little prototype showed it to them and that was one of these 90 days sale cycles that closed within the quarter. Now, they certainly didn't buy all the ThingWorx from us that they ultimately would buy, but they are up running the real project now that will lead to many more real projects, as they come to understand what's really possible and practical and strategic and valuable and so forth. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. There's a lots of progress being made and its high priority within the company. ThingWorx is a very productive development environment. So it's not that it takes a long time to develop the code. It takes more time to figure out what exactly should we do. A little bit like the customer story I was telling you. But we have this large customer event, this PTC live event in this year in Boston mid-June, I think it starts June 15. We will showcase a whole bunch of connected PLM, ALM, SLM and everything else using ThingWorx. There will be a huge showcase and we're expecting a lot of attention around PLM, and that's how does IoT change PLM, and there's a separate event for SLM, and then there's a standalone event for IoT kind of all coterminous here, a standalone event for IoT for everybody else who's just interested in all the other interesting things you can do with technology like this. So certainly, put that on your calendar. That'll be a good opportunity to see kind of the public unveiling of -- what we think is going to be some pretty exciting stuff. 
James Heppelmann: Yes, maybe just to add, Ben. While automotive is growing nicely, it's half the size of industrial. So it's unlikely it could pass industrial in this year. Maybe longer term, but industrial is actually a real sweet spot for SLM and IoT. So I don't think that'll happen. But what I will say in our automotive business, our CAD business had some juice. Chances are, if anyone of you guys go up in a parking lot and get in your car you're starting an engine and the transmission design of Creo. So there's lot of Creo in the supply chain and then the OEMs in the powertrain side of the business. PLM, we're doing pretty well, particularly in commercial vehicles and as you know we've got this big Hyundai win a couple of years back that's blossomed nicely. And then ALM is really interesting in automotive, because automotive -- automobiles have tons of software in them the software is safety critical. We don't want to find out your antilock brakes don't work because there's a bug in some third tier set and the supplier's gone. So there needs to be very careful traceability and change management up and down the supply chain, and that's what our Integrity product was really great at -- is really great at. So Integrity, we won the ALM business at Hyundai, following our win in PLM. There's 3 by my count, European Automotive OEMs, 2 in passenger vehicles, 1 in commercial who are moving in the direction of standardizing on Integrity for ALM and so forth. So we have a very compelling story for automotive. It's just it's also very compelling for industrial. 
James Heppelmann: Okay, I think that brings us to the conclusion of the questions. So I want to thank you, all, for dedicating your time with us here this morning. A lot of great questions, a lot of good discussions. I think in summary, you sense we had a strong quarter and we feel good about the business. We feel like our strategy is more differentiated than ever. We're in a better strategic position, both relative to our customers and relative to our competitors and it feels like we've been in long time. That said, not everything is perfect in our business or in the economy, and so we're trying to continue to be cautious in the near term, so we don't get ahead of ourselves and disappoint anybody, but that's kind of the mode we're working with and we'll close out on that. So thanks a lot for joining us this morning. Goodbye. 
