Neil Barua: Yes. Thanks for the question. This is Neil. We haven't seen any change. It's been a sluggish sales environment for a number of years now, particularly around the approval cycles of our customers. It's just taking a lot, and it has been for multiple years. Nothing has changed worse or better since I've been here during the transition time, and currently how we're looking at Q2.
Neil Barua: Yes. I'll start, and Kristian could add if I missed anything. First of all, looking at the pipeline of opportunities, I feel confident around the number and the size of the deals, the criticality of the customers, the importance of the customers that we're working with hand-in-hand to get to a conclusion, to move them down this digital transformation journey. And so, when we look at that, that pipeline is interesting to us in a manner that gives us confidence around the guidance that we gave to you that we are now targeting. And so, that's an element of it. Again, to be clear, this doesn't assume that anything changes in the selling environment from now to the end of the year. There's just an element of pipeline and a seasonality that we've always had, quite frankly, in the second-half, where these types of deals we've historically been able to close out and our intent is to do the same this year.
Neil Barua: Yes, Clarke, great question. Thank you for asking it. Look, the first year -- since clearly, I'm very familiar with ServiceMax, given my background, the first year has been integration work and really getting to know the ways in which the ServiceMax team could interact in a precise way with the PTC team. We did that. We accomplished that. We had early success, which creates some momentum. Secondly, after we saw that, we've implemented a far more constructive and direct selling process by which the ServiceMax sellers are now very much tied into how the PTC sellers are going forward, in this fiscal year. And what that's caused is two things. The customer base is now understanding of the PTC broader value proposition of the digital thread and why ServiceMax is so critical to be part of that, number one. So that's creating a level of interest, engage rate and, quite frankly, momentum that we've already been seeing. And two, the sellers now have a familiarity of speaking the language that's necessary for ServiceMax to begin scale. I foresee this year to be a time period, given the sales cycles of ServiceMax, these are all new implementations for the most part, even if they are already existing PTC customers. That takes a bit of time. And I see this year as building that momentum by which, as we said when we made the ServiceMax acquisition, this is a mid-teens-plus grower. And my expectation is, this year is the building blocks by which the subsequent years really define that sustainable mid-teens growth over or above with ServiceMax.
Neil Barua: Great question. And one of the great things with the transition with Jim is I'm far more well-versed in the amazing product that we have in Creo. And like you said, good performance from Creo. We expect that to continue. This is Creo on-premises, Creo throughout the course of this year, given the differentiation, given the strength of that product. And quite frankly, Creo+ is very limited, if at all, in terms of impacting our Creo results and the strength of it, in the near to maybe even the medium term. Like I said, that SaaS journey will be a 10-plus year journey. We're already seeing the strength of Creo on-prem, feel like that double-digit growth is sustainable. Creo+ over time, as the market adopts it, is cherry on the top.
Neil Barua: Great question, Matt. Thanks for asking it. It's important to us. Let me just make sure I reiterate this. We have a view, I have a view, that was consistent with Jim's view that the industry will go do SaaS. That's an inevitability. As I said, we believe it's going to be, in my estimation, a 10-plus-year journey. It could be wrong, it could move faster, could take a little bit longer. But the way in which we're thinking about it here, with already some momentum built, particularly in Windchill+, Creo+ we launched a couple of quarters ago, we're building with customers already, the resilience, the scalability, the repeatability of a SaaS offering by which when other customers of similar complexity or size or segments are ready to take it on, we have built the strength and the capabilities to do that. And so, the way in which we're doing is, we're not taking any foot off the accelerator in terms of our focus, energy, investment into our plus strategy. But we do want to force customers, different than others out there, but it's very important philosophically as you ask for us to have a way in which we work with our customers as they need to migrate for their value prop to move from an on-prem system to a SaaS offering, we will be there hand-in-hand to do that. And our ultimate belief is, that will reward us in a meaningful way. When the dam breaks, we might -- we will not only get the conversion of our existing on-prem customers to the SaaS offering, but have a differentiated offer for those in other competitive environments that might want to move to the best-in-class solution at PTC.
Neil Barua: Yes. Very important question. And to be clear, I'm going to be very consistent around making sure, across the broad portfolio of capabilities we have, to make sure with all of you, we focus in not only internally, but as we report our messaging to you around the largest value creation from an aggregate dollar perspective, those priorities, which I made around PLM, SLM, with ServiceMax, ALM, the CAD piece of it as well as how we transition our customers to SaaS. That doesn't mean IoT, AR, Servigistics Arbortext, FlexPLM aren't important. I have and we have leaders there, capable leaders working through that, many of which are important to our digital thread, many of which of those products are important to industrial manufacturers going through a digital transformation. And what I meant by prioritization and focus is as a general way in which the company has done for many years now, during the planning process, I'm making sure with the team here that, like I said, we put more wood behind the arrows that create the highest value creation opportunities and make sure those that might not have as strong of an outlook or have a different investment profile, we look at that with the time horizon and make the right concise decision to prioritize where we put the investment dollars, and where we may want to de-prioritize a few of those based on the outlook of that business. Right now, we have a very broad portfolio, I feel good about it. But, we've been doing it consistently over the last three years just making sure we're placing the next incremental dollar in the highest value creation opportunities, going forward.
Neil Barua: Yes. Look, Ansys has been a good partner of ours for many years and will continue to be a good partner. They are part of how we talk about and have a value prop around Creo and the added simulation capabilities. And we help them similarly, right, around what they're doing on simulation with ours. So it's a very good partnership for both sides and critical to both sides to a certain extent. To be clear, too, this is actually if the deal goes through, right? I'm not a regulator so I can't speculate on that. But if the deal goes through and Synopsys is the eventual owner of Ansys, the great thing for us is there's zero overlap that we have with Synopsys, which might, over time, I don't know yet, but might, over time, create an opportunity for us.
Neil Barua: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jay. In terms of ServiceMax cross-sell, a key factor is having product companies, OEM manufacturers having long life cycle assets in the field. And if you want to double-click, critical assets within life sciences, electronics and high tech, the industrial manufacturing space, the ones that are in the field for a long time, the product companies are now needing service revenue to offset any declines or lack of new product innovation to make sure that they're getting a consistent durable revenue stream themselves. So that's a consistent correlation that we're seeing from a customer lens. Two is when a customer has Windchill, one thing that's really interesting is this past quarter, we won a very large industrial manufacturing win at ServiceMax, over a 7-digit-plus deal that, quite frankly, I was trying to win for five straight years at ServiceMax on our own unsuccessfully. And we were able to take this deal down because the customer has Creo and Windchill. And they, over time, as they implemented ServiceMax, want the asset field record, the system of record of the asset to actually flow back to their PLM system. So the combined solution, Jay, of -- and the correlation point of a customer with Windchill with long life cycle assets that they produce is a really nice makeup, which brings that math of 300 ServiceMax customers equated with 3,000 similar like-minded PTC customers. Last thing quickly on ALM, which is actually a big cross-sell for us as well, that's interesting to us on the other side of it. So as we mentioned I think last earnings call, we've been seeing Codebeamer as a tip of the spear where we're particularly in automotive, automotive suppliers where now we're getting in the conversation as we're showing them the Codebeamer value prop, we also have a PLM system that might not be PTC, how can the two work together with hardware configuration management, with software configuration management, Codebeamer. Should we actually look at PTC for the combined offering? That's interesting to us. We're starting to see it. I wouldn't call it a trend yet but it's another opportunity that might have a correlation that we're starting to see some early signs of, Jay.
Neil Barua: Yes. I mean, I'll start, Saket. Good to hear your voice. I'll let Kristian talk about if we do break out ALM from a size perspective. But it is, from my perspective, nowhere near the size of Creo and Windchill at this current time. However, the pace of growth is extremely exciting. I mean, as fast as I've seen West Coast start-ups start growing, I'm starting to see that same level of percentage growth year-over-year. We got some work to do so it's not going to be a straight up into the right line. But that being said, one of the things we've been seeing is Codebeamer is catching fire. I think we mentioned that as a quote from last quarter's call. And we're seeing as the adoption occurs or a POC occurs at a large automotive company that, for example, Jim and I were in Japan. Once they start testing out, this thing goes big relatively quick. As an example, we won a very -- what we thought was a very large Codebeamer, not the one that we press released, another one within Q4, right, of last year of a large European auto maker. This last quarter, we got an add-on order already of sizable value from that same customer. So that's leading to this excitement piece, number one. Number two is some of these deals with Codebeamer are very substantial size, right? Not only the add-on orders but like the size of the deal because the users that need software development tools like Codebeamer, are, in some cases, a lot larger of a population than the mechanical engineers. And so that's why it has such a what we call a prioritization of the high dollar value creation opportunities. That's why part of that.
Neil Barua: Yes, here. So let's just try rough sizing and say it this way. This year, we ought to pass through the $100 million mark on ARR with our ALM segment.
Neil Barua: Thanks, Jim, truly, and thank you, everyone, for joining us and for your questions today. In the weeks ahead, Kristian, Mike DiTullio, Matt Shimao and I will be on the road participating in investor conferences, and it would be great to keep the dialogue going. During the last week of February, Kristian will be at the JPMorgan Credit Conference in Miami. Matt will attend the Wolfe Conference in New York. During the first week of March, we'll be at the Morgan Stanley and KeyBanc conferences in San Francisco, then Mike DiTullio will attend the Virtual Loop conference during the second week of March. And also, we have two bus tours coming to visit us at our Boston headquarters next week. Those visits will be hosted by Kristian and me. Please reach out to JPMorgan or Piper Sandler if you're interested. And on behalf of the team, thank you, again, and we look forward to engaging with you.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Hey, Yun, thanks for the question. Churn rate continues to be low and steady, so let's start with that one. And yes, we will continue to try and move contracts to longer-term contracts, which we believe is beneficial for our customers as well as actually for PTC. So we'll continue to try and move in that direction. And then lastly, I think, your question was around the average contract length, which as it stands right now, still hovers around a two-year term.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Hey, Adam, it's Kristian. No, I mean, I think that our OpEx guidance for the year is pretty well in line -- it remains unchanged from really what we would have said 90 days ago. In terms of areas where we're investing incrementally this year, it's what we've been talking about. There's ALM in particular, there's some investments into SaaS, which includes Windchill+, includes Creo+, actually includes some Atlas those are areas where we've got incremental investment going this year. But in terms of change to the investment profile from last quarter, I'm not sure I'm tracking with you.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Hey, it's Kristian. Thanks. Good question. So again, I think Q1, again, despite a challenging environment, I think we executed well. I think that across geographies, across product segments, hopefully, that showed through in our results. As far as the full-year is concerned, again, we are maintaining our full-year guidance, as we start looking at Q2 here. I think, we're just trying to be prudent on the immediate-term outlook. But as a reminder, I guess, for everybody as it gets back to the -- there's ARR and then there's cash flow. And on the cash flow side of things, whether there could be more volatility on ARR on the cash flow side of things, both from a quarterly and annual guidance perspective, I think, we feel very good about that guidance. But otherwise, I think seasonality is kind of in line with last year from an ARR perspective, taking into account the incremental deferred we've talked about ad Nauseam.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, I feel better when it's more front-end loaded too, Steve. And I think what we said, if we're going to be super technical about it, is more than 55%. And now we're just kind of honing in on the map and saying it's going to be more like 58%. But otherwise, I think we had great collections performance here in Q1 and the outlook for Q2 is solid as well. So I think we feel pretty good about the range for Q2 and obviously our outlook for the year.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, maybe I could add. Jay, I think your point is that PTC has had good double-digit growth, steady as she goes, for some years now with Creo. And some of the competitors have lost momentum and then seemingly gained some of it back. I think you know we have one European competitor in particular whose customers aren't that happy, and that dynamic serves us very well. Now it looks like they have some momentum, but I think you remember, too, they put through some fairly nasty price increases, which I think might cover up a little bit what's really happening because the price increases might give them some short-term growth but actually exacerbate the problem that the customers are frustrated about. So I don't know. I feel like our business has been steady. And we think, as Neil said clearly before, will continue to be steady. Creo+ maybe offering a bit of a tailwind over time. I think that we're in a position to take share with Creo and to take share on the other end of the customer base with Onshape. And so I like our CAD prospects.
Jim Heppelmann: Could I just add? It's also a very strategic high ground. It's an important piece of business to win.
Jim Heppelmann: To be clear though, that would be the integrity product we previously had plus the Codebeamer product added together, yes.
Jim Heppelmann: Great. Thank you. So I think that's the end of the questions. So before Neil wraps it up, I'd like to just take a minute to personally close out with PTC's investor community and to thank all of you for so many years of support. During my tenure, I always listened carefully and took investor input seriously, and it helped shape our strategies and allowed the PTC team to really move the needle on value creation. I know Neil will do the same. The transition process with Neil has been lengthy, thoughtful, and frankly, it was even a lot of fun. As a result, I can tell you with confidence that Neil and team are ready to go. Neil has my congratulations and full support. So I want to sign off then by saying thanks, and goodbye one last time, knowing I'm leaving a strong company in good hands. Over to you, Neil.
