Andrew Miller: I will take that question. We recently conducted studies with actually well over 300 of our customers. McKenzie did this for us and identified across all of our segments of the business that there was a preference for subscription, and it was pretty much the same preference in every single division. The core divisions as well as the rest. One of the primary drivers is as they evaluate the business case for subscription or for perpetual, one is the relationship between the two prices, and the other is the term of their business case. And they tend to use business cases in the four- to 4.5-year range. So for us, with customers that are very, very sticky, you can see how we can substantially increase the customer lifetime value while offering something that is economically quite attractive to them over their business case.
Andrew Miller: It was primarily customers that historically always purchased perpetual with us, and essentially that was their preference. And we offer -- up through the end of this quarter, we offer perpetual and subscription in our price book for IoT. We are moving more aggressively to subscription-only and IoT as we move forward.
Andrew Miller: We've laid out a 2018 operating margin target to 20%, 30% with a subscription mix assumption in that year of 30%. So clearly as we're going through the transition, it's more than 30% that would impact revenue in operating margins. You can count on us that we're going to be, one, giving you guideposts so you can see what the revenue would've been. And, two, we're going to be managing the cost structure of the business as if it were still a perpetual business. So we're not going to -- the expenses are going to basically track to the same margin target. So as we exit the transition, you'll see us right back on track. The other point I would make is that cash flows tend to catch up -- come out of the trough of the transition earlier than the revenue does simply because, depending upon the average length of your subscription contract, they at least make annual payments in advance. So generally you come out of it faster.
Andrew Miller: We will give you a lot more on this as we basically lay out what next year is going to look like and what the subscription transition is going to look like.
Andrew Miller: And I had two things I want to add. One is we had the macro challenges and we also had a really tough compare. And while I don't want to overplay it, it is important to note that Q3 a year ago, our core business bookings in CAD and PLM grew over 40% and our revenue grew over 20%. So that was an extremely tough compare that, even with our guidance, we were not going to be putting up strong numbers. So you can't look at one quarter of us versus one quarter of Dassault without looking under the covers at how those compares existed. The second thing is that one thing I think you can count on from PTC is that if we assess that there is a trend in the -- whether it's a macro tech trend or a market trend that we have to adjust to deliver a consistent earnings growth, you can pretty much count on the fact that we will definitely look at our cost structure as something that we may consider adjusting if need be to continue to drive from these growth.
Andrew Miller: The one thing I would add to that is what we are seeing is the pipeline looks very strong, but the on-time close rate actually has gone down. That's actually what we're seeing. So it is taking a bit longer to close in this quarter than it did last quarter, for example. The close rate ticked down just a little bit.
Andrew Miller: Some of the big deals in the past were multi-year. And we would expect subscription deals in the quarter to be one-, two-, or three-year deals. Generally, that's typically what you see. Our average length, because we have a lot of IoT deals now that are shorter, is somewhere between one and two at this point and holding pretty consistently.
Andrew Miller: As far as the length of the subscription offering? Yes, very likely we will offer one-, two-, and three-year. That's pretty standard to offer those. And the longer it is, you get a little bit better price than short.
Andrew Miller: Organically, year to date, we are low single-digit down in software revenue. Now, the way the Company calculates that is we actually -- we tend to grow those acquisitions, but the way that the Company has always historically captured that is we assume that growth is inorganic. And so if you actually look [Multiple Speakers] four quarters have actually passed. So to put it in perspective, for example, we are expecting this year to grow the IoT bookings by more than 150% on an apples-to-apples basis compared to having exceeded it in last year. So -- but that, the way we report organic, inorganic, we would be telling you that that acceleration in growth and that more than doubling of the customer base is all acquisition related, when truly it's organic. So we'll revisit how we actually should share that with you probably as we enter next year.
Andrew Miller: Okay, I don't want to give you the answer yet, because we're not done. First off, we are -- we actually have some very good analysis that shows exactly -- basically the demand elasticity, at what point people prefer subscription over perpetual and how it falls off. I will share that our current pricing at 60% only really attracts people who absolutely, absolutely want subscription. But there -- we have -- what I will share is that we have the opportunity, given the stickiness of the software, frankly to tremendously increase the lifetime value of the customer. Easily in that 20% to 40% range that you hear most software companies talk about. So we are feeling good about that based upon the studies that have been done so far, but we're not quite done. So I don't want to give you the answer yet.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Jim here. Let me just add a little more color on that because I think this is a point of some confusion. I think we were clear that we told our sales guys you can sell it either way this first year. We are going to kind of measure customer reaction. If you look at -- the vast majority of transactions have been subscription, but then a couple of big ones came in perpetual. So we didn't really foresee that coming, but these were customers that we have relationship with. They love the technology, they wanted to buy it perpetual. And, quite frankly, we had a situation in place where the sales guys were allowed to sell it that way, so they did. I think that as far as subscription phase 2, we will revisit all that and try to steer it a little bit more in the future than we told you we were trying to do this year.
Jim Heppelmann: Sterling, it's Jim here. How are you doing? I don't think there's any competitive dimension in this discussion here. I think that we are in a series of businesses and Dassault is a series of businesses. Our CAD and PLM businesses most directly correlate to Dassault's Catia and Enovia businesses. And I think over the last three years, the growth rates of those have been remarkably similar. Now, Dassault is in some higher-growth businesses like SolidWorks, and we are in some higher growth businesses like IoT. But I think you can't really compare -- Dassault is structured differently than we are, and I think that that has helped them in this quarter because the SolidWorks business performed well and, like you saw, so did our IoT business. But we have a big exposure, of course, on the -- in the CAD and PLM.
Jim Heppelmann: I think -- you know we are somewhat in these more mature businesses correlated, for example, to the PMI index. And that fell a fair amount in the US within the quarter. And in China, it's kind of been in negative -- that is to say, less than 50 territory for a couple of quarters in a row now. So just let me hit China first. It wasn't that long ago when the China manufacturing economy was growing double digits, and now it's contracting. And on top of that, there is some political things going on that make it difficult for US technology companies. So China is a difficult environment for virtually every American technology company right now selling in the manufacturing industry. I think in the US, we do a lot of business with global industrial companies, and the strengthening of the dollar has made it very difficult for them to export. And their own results look comparatively bad, much worse than at the beginning of the year. So I think that they are retrenching a little bit, and that's causing some pain for us. So I think that that's really behind what's going on. It's just the big deals -- if you look at the big deal volume year over year, the big deals are substantially less. And so I think companies have just been reticent now. I think we're still doing smaller deals, and I think that as the cycle moves through and so forth, I think we will see that pick up again.
Jim Heppelmann: We actually have a work stream focus on our existing customers and how we transition them, both their new bookings to that often are under volume agreements -- how we transition them to subscription. And we are also assessing how we might transfer their maintenance bases potentially to subscriptions. So that is something that we are focused on, and we are actually looking deal by deal at the new ones coming up on what could offer be that would be something that would be good for them and good for us. So that is part of it. But at this time, I do want to highlight that the focus is the license bookings moving to subscription. But we are assessing how we could leverage support as well on that. Jim here again. I just want to go back to -- just to kind of remind you what we told you last November and so forth at our investor day. We said for the first year, we want to just measure and get to know this a little bit. And then I think the whole purpose of subscription phase 2, as Andy said, is to figure out what does it look like at steady-state and how fast can we get there. So there's a lot of very good analytics happening. And we're just not quite done, so we're not ready to tell you the answer here in the call. But I think that as we go into next year, we're going to outline a pretty good program you're going to like to get to the destination as fast as possible so we don't linger in this transition period unnecessarily long.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I'll take a pass, and Andy, you can (multiple speakers). I think, again, if you look at the big deal count -- the number of large deals we did a year ago, the number of large deals we did this year -- it only takes a couple handfuls of transactions to slide, and you get a material difference with these big transactions. So I think that what's happened is the bigger transactions are getting a lot more scrutiny. And people aren't saying no; they are just saying not quite yet, and then it slides into the next quarter. So I think as we look at Q4, we expect to get and in fact already have closed a number of the Q3 transactions that slid. But then we are left with the concern, might Q4's transaction slide into Q1 if we continue to have the same sort of backup. But, yes, I don't think this is necessarily just getting worse and worse and worse. I think that there was a huge change in currency, if I recall, in our Q2 that it's still kind of a shock factor as we go into Q3. I don't think it's worse; I just think that when our big deals start sliding, then it's hard to post the type of numbers that we want to post.
Jim Heppelmann: I don't have a crystal ball, Saket. I think that the US PMI a quarter ago was $55.7 million, which is a decent number, and within a single quarter, it fell to $53.6 million. That's not a disaster, but it's a bad trend, and I think that causes people to just take stock for a minute and say hey, let's call a timeout and figure out what we're doing here. And I also think a similar result -- Andy shared with me a statistic from about a week ago that said of the S&P 500, companies that have reported roughly two-thirds had beat on earnings, only one-third had beat on revenue. And the average revenue, if I remember correctly, was down 5%.
Jim Heppelmann: 4.1%. So when the companies -- that's our typical customer. And when our typical customer looks at the revenue as reported thanks to currency being down 4.1%, and somebody has got a big transaction they want to pull the trigger on, they might just say hey, let's just call a timeout and reconnoiter here a little bit. I don't think the US economy is in crisis. I think it just went through a shock factor associated with FX. And people have to process that a little bit, and then hopefully we'll go back to business. But Andy said this and I said this, this management team has a good reputation for managing our cost structure, and we've posted pretty good earnings results. And, quite frankly, if not for FX and mix change this year, this would be the best year of all. So we've been committed to that. We've always stepped up when we had to make sure that the Company was generating profits a little bit independent of what was happening in one geo or one segment or what have you. So I think you should expect and you should see the credibility here that we will continue to manage that as best we can. We can't react within a quarter, but certainly we are sensitive to that the Company needs to continue to increase its earnings independent of what's happening in the moment out there in the outside world.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. I guess that brings us to the end of the call, but thank you all for joining us here again this afternoon. And just sort of in summary, there was some good news in the quarter and some things that we are not happy with, and then some external pressures on us from macro and FX and so forth. I think we are pretty proud, though, of the earnings results, and we are extremely proud of the IoT results. And I think we need to continue to work hard on the core business to make sure that that performs as well as possible given the environment that we are in. So we look forward to talking to you again in 90 days. In 90 days, of course, we will have a much better look into FY 2016 and into subscription phase 2 and a lot of other things I know you're interested in. So look forward to talking to you then. Thank you and goodbye.
