James Heppelmann: Yes. I think there's a couple of factors. One is all other things aside, Windchill is a very good PLM system. I mean, it works really well. It's best-in-class in every analyst survey. So, it's just independently a really great system. The second thing, though, is it's part of a really interesting portfolio. I mean if you go back to Slide 9, where I was talking hundred, I remember it was Slide 9, but where I was talking about the digital transforms physical conversation, I guess it was Slide 6.  On Slide 6, you see that our Windchill solution lives in and amongst a portfolio that is very unique. Other PLM vendors don't really have IoT and AR, and they don't really have an open architecture PLM system either like referring to Dassault in particular. So, I think that people like the product because it's a great product, and they like it again because it has -- it's part of a great larger portfolio. And then they like it because they do see PTC at the cutting-edge of technology and now at the cutting-edge of SaaS technology as well.
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, Jay, I think you're absolutely right. What's better than a thread is a bunch of threads working together in a fabric that's even stronger and covers more. And I think that really is an interesting strategy.  This closed-loop life cycle strategy that you and I both talk about is very unique to PTC. It's CAD and PLM, plus IoT and AR. And now this really interesting new dimension of Saas. That's a differentiated strategy. I always say our PLM competitors don't have IoT or IoT competitors don't have AR and so forth. And there's so much synergy between these products. We cross-sell all day long because customers like the value proposition.  So I think it's a differentiated strategy. And the products are independently good, but they show up as a team, and the team is phenomenal, the portfolio. And I think it's just really helped us. We have a story that customers like and it really relates, like you see on Slide 6, to their digital transformation strategies.  They see in PTC, a company who can solve a whole bunch or transform, if you will, a whole bunch of different aspects of their business in engineering, manufacturing, service, somewhat in sales and marketing, even the customer interaction with the product and the business model, there's a lot we can do that's unique to PTC.
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think, honestly, like as we sit here at the midpoint of the year, performance to plan is in bookings is really pretty darn strong and the forecast for the back half. Part of the reasons we want to share this deferred ARR thing with you. Is to show you that some of the great bookings we've been landing, lands and deferred and rather than give you caution that start dates matter, we said, why don't we just be transparent and show you the data. Because it really is pretty impressive.  And while we're at the midpoint of guidance on active ARR, we're kind of at the high end of guidance on total or as we sit here at the midpoint. So I think a lot of it just is this delicate balance of deferred versus active inside the total. And we're just going to give you transparency to it, so you know where we're heading, and you can see the business for what it is.
James Heppelmann: Yes. There's a couple of different things happening with generative design. And just to be clear, we first released it as part of the desktop application. And for compute horsepower, use the graphics card. That gets you quite a bit of compute horsepower for certain types of compute-intensive codes like generative design.  But what we've done now in the second iteration is put it on Atlas, where there's elastic compute, you can have the biggest computer in the world running your generative analyses for you. Let me also say, 1 of the next steps will be the pipe that generative design capability into Onshape. Because it's actually running on the same platform as Onshape now. We just got to build it out into the UI and the functionality of Onshape.  So what we'll do with generative design is, for sure, will go back to the Creo base. And we will upsell this new module. It's a purchase you add on. And then we'll go into the Onshape base, and we'll do the same thing. I think that generative design is a brand-new idea. It's a transformational idea, but some of these ideas started a little slow and then really take off once people understand what they can do.  So I expect we'll see that pattern. And then I do think it will give us more competitive alternatives because opportunities. Because I think what we have is unique and special. And I think that if somebody is thinking about switching off SolidWorks, if they want to go to a high end product, they'll be impressed by Creo. If they want to go to a simpler product that's simpler to own and so forth, they'll look at Onshape and say, wow.  So I think it does give us an opportunity to take some market share. But the first and primary opportunity is the opportunity to drive more growth in the installed base.
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think not so much in the AEC field, but where AEC booms so does construction vehicles and equipment like that. So about 1/3 of PTC's business comes from a category we call industrial. And that would be everything from Deere, Caterpillar, Bobcat style equipment. Volvo go on and on. 2 carrier HVAC equipment or products that end up in new buildings and so forth.  So I do think it will be helpful. I think that our industrial customers, in general, are really seeing a surge of growth right now, in part on the rebound from COVID and then might even see a little bit more with the infrastructure spending. So I think it will be helpful, but we haven't factored a lot of that in.  We're kind of sticking to the guidance we gave at the beginning of the year and executing well against it, could prove to be a tailwind or an upside. But at this point, we're not changing our guidance explicitly or specifically because of that factor.
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean I think with both Onshape and Arena, Onshape actually has a very high-growth rate, both for bookings and for ARR. In Arena, and so we just need to keep adding sales capacity and continue building out the product and do all the things you do with the growth business is working.  Arena is a little bit of a different story because almost all of their sales come from the United States. And so the first thing we're going to do is globalize Arena and sell it around the world, just like all of our products, including Onshape is sold. A second thing we're going to do is integrate it to Onshape because customers that get excited about Onshape also get excited about arena and vice versa.  So I think there are some short-term investments like in globalization that we can do for Arena that will be productive quickly. And we're already moving to put those resources in place to open up branch offices, if you will, outside the U.S. and to add more sales capacity and so forth. Arena was owned by a private equity company, and they were managing it for cash flow. And I think you'll see us manage it for growth, knowing that the cash flow will follow. And we have the luxury and kind of know-how to build businesses like that. So that's what we're off doing right now with Arena.
James Heppelmann: Well, I think it's very helpful. It's 1 more reason why industrial companies should go back into their factories and look to make changes. If somebody's going to put in 5G, they're going to put in an application like ThingWorx at the same time because if you suddenly have all this access to data and mobility and high speed connectivity, what are you going to do with all the data? And that's really where ThingWorx and ultimately, Vuforia and products like that fit in. So I think 5G is helpful. It's a tailwind.  We've been building a decent business without 5G, but 5G is certainly in the category of nice tailwind more so than anything else.
James Heppelmann: No. I mean, honestly, and I would characterize it as IoT and AR. Rockwell, and I think I was transparent on this. That new agreement gave Rockwell the right to sell more products because sometimes they come across those opportunities. But it wasn't really changing the center of gravity of the partnership.  I think if you look at what's driving a little more momentum with Rockwell, it's 2 things. First of all, Rockwell brought in some new talent. And I'll just say from the sidelines as a partner, these guys are making a difference. They're shaking some things up and really creating some energy.  And then the second thing is Rockwell had a good quarter overall. Particularly on the orders front. I saw they announced today and their order book was up double digits and so forth. So I imagine some of those orders ended up flowing our way. So I think it's really more improving economic situation in the world of industrial automation, coupled by new talent.  It's not really a mix shift in the product line up to sell it.
James Heppelmann: Okay. The first part of your question was breakdown demand between Creo and Windchill? Did I get that right? The whole portfolio? Well, I think the demand sort of mirrors the growth rates. As you might expect, some of the products with the highest growth rate, of course, in order to sustain those growth rates, they have the highest bookings. And in some cases, higher churn as well with newer technologies and so forth.  And then when you get to a product like Creo, churn is very low. So we can build a growth business of less aggressive bookings coming in the top. So I would say, yes, demand is strongest for Vuforia and Onshape. At the next level, it's really ThingWorx. And then below that, PLM and below that CAD, just in terms of demand.  But it's again a function of the maturity of these products. It's a function of the growth rate of the markets, which is sort of a function of the maturity of the markets and so forth. Hopefully, that hits your question. I guess it was the second part, I mean.
James Heppelmann: It truly is broad-based. And let me just say, Jason, that's 14 quarters in a row of double-digit growth in the core business. So it's not just a couple of quarters. It's 14 now. And it's always been PLM leading CAD and the 2 together, representing double digits and double digits right through COVID, by the way. So that's impressive. Certainly compared to some competitors who weren't posting numbers or anything like that.  But I'd say it's broad-based. I mean, there's a few pockets like medical device in med tech in general, which is a regulated industry around the globe. We're especially good at that. Windchill tends to take a large percentage of those deals in the larger accounts. And believe it or not, Arena takes a lot of those deals in the smaller accounts is kind of more of a mid-market solution. But they, too, in their market space, are particularly good at regulated markets.  But I mean, we've had good success in aerospace, good success in the automotive business. It's just really is pretty broad-based. It's a fair amount of expansions, but then a good number of new logos and competitive displacements, thanks to a differentiated story as well.
