Kristian Talvitie: I don't actually think we have that data in front of us. I think it so far feels like a pretty normal quarter for Q4. So I mean, if you're really going to -- do we see some macro thing unfolding, I think the answer is no.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, sure. So I think that we can break the conversions out into 2 or 3 different cohorts. There's the large VPAs, of which we have converted approximately half of them over the past 2 to 3 years.
Kristian Talvitie: In the first pass. There's still more than -- about a couple of hundred left that have a significant support run rate. I think if we look over the past 3 years, while we were doing the conversions in the first pass for the large ones, we were seeing uplifts in the 40% to 50% range off that run rate. So we think there's still a significant opportunity for customers to get value out of this program as we modify it. And then, there's a couple of other tiers. There still tail of a mid-tier where there's a significant number of customers there as well, and then there's obviously the channel customers. And frankly, we've actually seen conversions in the channel space increasing this year significantly over the run rate from last year.
Kristian Talvitie: I might even say, it's not necessarily just sweetening it. It's making sure that we understand what the real value driver for them is. There was a current value proposition that resonated very well with a segment of customers.
Kristian Talvitie: And so now we just need to go back and make sure we understand what the real value driver is going to be for the second half and adjust accordingly.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, it's Kristian. So net retention has been really stable, I think, on a sequential basis for the subscription space. I think we've seen a slight improvement from last year. And we have programs in place to try and continue to improve these over the coming years. But no meaningful change.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, I think it's safe to say that when we come out in November and provide fiscal '20 targets and then revised 2024 targets that there will be a change in '21 as well.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. So it's Kristian. Thanks for the question. Listen, I understand and appreciate the desire for more information. I think we're just going to stick to we're going to provide a detailed plan and outlook in November when we get there. I think that the -- that's just the easiest way to do it. So we're just going to stick to that.
Kristian Talvitie: No, we actually haven't seen a deterioration in support retention. And as we said earlier, actually, the conversion program in -- effective in the channel actually is working quite well, and we've seen that tick up quite a bit from last year.
James Heppelmann: Yes, of course, just to remind everybody, if a deal is more than $1 million in PEB booking, we call it a large deal, and a megadeal, we refer to as more than $5 million in PEB bookings. So keep in mind that a lot of times these big deals might be associated with a conversion. And because we don't see the conversions happening at the rate that we had been enjoying, let's say, a year ago, we're a little reticent to assume that a deal that might be a large deal could be grossed up to a megadeal. So there's no deals we're losing. There certainly are deals that could come in smaller and meaningfully smaller than we might have expected a quarter or two ago when we were more confident about the impact that conversions would have. So I think we're just being conservative. We'd love to surprise you and show up with a megadeal. But I think at this point, given the trend that we see in the data, we don't feel like it would be prudent to guide that way.
James Heppelmann: Yes, maybe just to clarify some data here associated with what Kristian said. The number of conversions is up. However, it's up most in the channel space where the conversions are smallest. It's flat to up a little bit in the direct but not volume purchase agreement cohort. And in the volume purchase agreement, the biggest accounts, it's down materially. And so while the number is up, the dollar value is down materially in aggregate.
James Heppelmann: And maybe to clarify one other comment I said. Kristian mentioned we got about half of these customers to convert in the first pass. Ultimately, we plan to convert all of them. It's just we need to go back and look at the offering. Andy Miller always used to talk about the proverbial carrot and stick, and so we need to go back to that conversation and think about how to make the carrot sweeter and how to create another stick if need be. So we're going to do it. And over time, it's inconceivable that they won't all convert because everything we sell them from this point forward will be on a subscription contract. And so over time, even if they prefer perpetual support, it's going to get watered down with more and more subscription. So we'll get them all. It's just we are not getting them as fast here in fiscal '19 as we sort of had assumed they would, and so we need to go do some more work to rethink the offering and go back and try to get them in a second pass.
James Heppelmann: Yes, Saket, I think if you set aside the situations that have external influences like VPA renewals or conversions and this discussion about certain geographies that don't really like perpetual, if you say, aside from that how does demand look, how is the business doing, the business is doing very well. The combined IoT, AR, CAD and PLM business were not affected by those external forces, is up 20% year-over-year, bookings up 20%. So I think we feel like the fundamental demand where companies are buying for the first time, where they're expanding I think is very good, and our competitive dynamic is very strong. And we're seeing good success with the ANSYS stuff and so forth. Again, these other effects though are material, and so they've taken a lot of the wind out of the sail. And so what should be a double-digit bookings growth year overall gets watered down to what's going to be a single-digit bookings growth here. And that's unfortunate, but we feel like because the underlying fundamentals are so strong and because these headwinds have now become diminish-sized, the base that the headwinds apply to is actually becoming quite small, we feel pretty confident going forward. So we feel like this year, we didn't make the progress we hope to this year, but when we look going forward, we feel just as confident as we ever did.
James Heppelmann: I mean I think, if anything, PTC is holding its own. You can say in the quarter our CAD business didn't grow, but I think the SolidWorks business grew 4%. So I don't think really Dassault is crushing it either right now. But I think there's not a significant share shift going on. I think again, if we don't talk about geographies where we have this perpetual subscription thing happening, which actually has nothing to do with fundamental demand, it's more a business model change, and if we look then generally at the SMB and sort of medium-sized account, it's very strong. So I don't know. We don't certainly don't think we are losing any share. And I think from quarter-to-quarter, there can be little ups and downs brought on by external influences like we're seeing right now. But I think fundamentally, we feel like the CAD business, the PLM business and the IoT and AR businesses are fundamentally very competitive, very strong. And we expect that we're going to be in a position to have a strong growth here next year.
James Heppelmann: So Matt, let me be clear, we did not shift resources out of CAD and PLM into IoT and AR. We shifted resources out of places like ALM, SLM and what we call our classic product groups, small brands that rarely even get mentioned on an earnings call. So we shifted resources out of low-growth, high-margin businesses to make them potentially lower-growth and higher-yet margin and move those particular go-to-market resources into a high-growth business where we felt like to fuel the growth, we needed a lot more resources. So yes, the consequence of that was successful on the high-growth business. We're getting good growth. But we had actually thought we would give up some bookings growth ground, and we gave up more than we expected. Now it's not worth putting resources back there. Those businesses are small to begin with, and they're even smaller now. They're very highly profitable to us. They're kind of our small cash cows that don't get talked about that much but help generate profit for us. The bookings -- the size of those businesses is small enough that what happens next year is not really going to be that impactful. I mean, they were pretty small already from a bookings standpoint. And having given up some ground this year, they're actually pretty small going forward. So we would not put resource back there. We hope to see them stabilize and be flat next year and that would be just fine. But they cannot go down as much next year in terms of bookings as they did this year because there isn't room to do that, just to put it in perspective. And then separate from this discussion about bookings, I want you to understand the revenue and profit is going up in these businesses because in fact, the churn rates are very, very low and the bookings still exceed the churn. So the size of these small profitable businesses is growing and the profit, of course, is growing even faster because we've taken quite a bit of resources out. So I don't want anybody to think these businesses are in decline. The growth rate of bookings is in decline. The businesses themselves continue to grow in both revenue and profit.
James Heppelmann: Yes. Tyler, so I think the IoT business, frankly, is new enough that we haven't really been through a cycle. But certainly, we have no reason to believe it would be a cyclical business. And frankly, we have evidence to the contrary that suggests it's a secular business. The level of interest in digital transformation is very, very high. And the level of demand and the level of bookings growth and revenue growth in our IoT and AR businesses is very high even in this situation where the PMIs, for example, have kind of broken through 50 on the way down. So we think and the data to date would suggest that IoT and AR are secular businesses. Now CAD and PLM historically have shown some correlation to PMI. They are a little bit more cyclical. CAD, for example, is largely tied to headcount. If you hire more engineers, you need more CAD seats. If you're not hiring engineers, you don't. But I don't see anybody cutting heads. I just really don't. I couldn't name a single customer that's reducing engineering headcount right now even though the PMIs are low. So I think we're in a funny situation where the job market is so strong that -- and I think also the fears people have about the economy are so sort of short term like, let's see what happens with China next week and maybe this isn't the problem after all. So I don't think like this is a fundamental economic decline. It's just a period of uncertainty related in large part to trade and politics and nonsense like that, that's got people nervous. But they're not acting on that nervousness, it appears, in ways that hurt us. So we don't think at this point that the macro situation is any kind of a significant factor. It might be a small factor in tiny pockets like I'll give you one example. A lot of our Kepware software is sold with capital equipment. Somebody buys a machine, and then they buy a copy of Kepware to go with it. Maybe the sales of capital assets are down in our Kepware business, which is part of our IoT business. That small pocket was a little bit weak, but it's not a big business. It's not a big part of IoT, and frankly, it wasn't that weak. So I think it could be a secondary factor in pockets. It's not thus far -- so far as we can tell, a primary factor in what our issues are here in 2019.
James Heppelmann: Sure. I think again, you need to go back and think in terms of these 3 cohorts: the large direct customers who had volume purchase agreements; all of the rest of the direct customers, being the second cohort; and the third cohort being all the channel customers. These really are three different situations. And situation one has been challenged, but situation two is okay, and situation three, cohort three is doing well. So I think in the first cohort, we need to go back and sweeten up the value proposition, this proverbial carrot and stick I was talking about. We need to give them more incentives to convert because, in fact, they've already paid part of the tax in the first pass by paying more support costs. So we need to sweeten it up, and we'll do that. We will take a look at it. And I think like I said, in the end, they will all convert. It's just a question of at what pace. And thus far in 2019, the pace has been slower than we would have expected. So we need to go back and think about what can we do to sweeten it up and get them to convert faster. In the end, when you check back in a couple of years, they will all be subscription customers, I'm pretty sure of that.
James Heppelmann: Yes. And I might add, there are well-known techniques here. For example, Autodesk raised the support pricing materially, and that created another incentive. And we haven't done that yet. Not at all to the extreme level they did. But at some point, we might do that. We'll do some variation of that to incent people really to move on to the subscription business model.
James Heppelmann: So Jay, I'm going to tell you, no, I don't believe that's the case, and I want to say that pretty firmly, because if we go through our products one by one, let's pick the easy ones. There's nothing like our AR product out there. It's phenomenal. People love it. There's nothing like our IoT product out there. We've won every Magic Quadrant-like analysis that's been published in the last 4, 5 years. If we drop down to PLM, in fact, PLM had a pretty decent quarter. And sometimes, people like to say, "Oh, Aras is disrupting PTC." And I'm telling, you it's hogwash. Our business is doing well. By the way, there was just a third Magic Quadrant-like report published just in the past week here, and PTC is the winner once again. So I'm just saying, every piece of external data suggests PTC is best-in-class in PLM, and our bookings are pretty strong. So I feel like the story actually about PLM as a backbone for digital transformation, which for example, I told in my keynote at LiveWorx, our customers are super excited about that. So I don't think there's a product issue in PLM. Now let's come over to CAD. If you look at what we're doing with generative design and what we're doing with real-time simulation, there's nothing like that in the market. Customers are so excited about this stuff because the value that you can create in terms of high-quality products coming to market much faster, it's unbelievable. So I don't want to say we couldn't do creative packaging and so forth, yes, there's always room for that. But if we go to the fundamental competitiveness of our products, I feel like they're incredibly strong in each and every one of these four major businesses of CAD, PLM, IoT and AR. I don't think that's the problem. I mean, just telling you very frankly and very firmly, I don't think that's the problem. I think the problem is, for example, in China, we used to sell perpetual software to people who would then drop maintenance. We don't want to do that. We either want to sell them subscription software that they pay for year after year or we don't want to do business in China. There's no point in chasing empty bookings of perpetual software where maintenance doesn't attach at a high rate. China, Russia, places like that. So that's one factor, meaning we could take perpetual orders if we want to. We don't want to. It's not really interesting to the bottom line, to the cash flow strategy and so forth. And then this issue about these VPAs, that's really just a year-over-year factor. It helped us more last year than it's helping us this year. That means that this year's bookings on a year-over-year comparison are down. But nonetheless, the CAD business I think were not influenced by that stuff. Like I said, it's doing very, very well. So I don't know. I mean, you and I can discuss this sometime when we're together again, but I'm going to say very definitively I don't think there's a product issue. I feel very, very, very confident about our products. I'm a product guy who knows these products inside and out. I talk to customers all the time. I'm very confident that our products are very, very strong.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean we said that 60% of the bookings again came from expansion. So I think that's a pretty healthy number. We have a lot of sales guys out there selling new deals, the new deals tend to be small, and then we come back and we want to expand them and grow them all into significant ARR run rates. We've seen this pattern of roughly 60% of our bookings coming from expansion for as many quarters as I can remember in IoT. Maybe, I don't know if 60% is the perfect number or not, but it feels like a good number where a lot of business comes from people buying more, even though far more energy is spent winning new accounts. So I think that's probably a decent ratio, and it shows that we're having success of selling and turning small accounts into big ones.
James Heppelmann: Well, I mean, I think we want to certainly stabilize this productivity zone, ALM, SLM and what we call classic product scope. Again, I want to be clear, though, we could not have as big a falloff because there's no room for it. So even in the very worst case, where bookings went to 0, it would be less of a headwind. But that's not going to happen, and I'd like to see them being flat to up because I feel like our execution left some business hanging out there that we could go get. That's the main thing. With respect to, for example, the problem of geographies that don't want to buy subscription, prefer to buy perpetual, I think we need to keep pushing on that. It may just be a transitory thing, but nonetheless, it's also not a big thing. We're really talking about a small percentage of our bookings, but that small percentage declined quite a bit in the last couple of quarters. But again, from this run rate, it can't decline a lot more because it's pretty small at this point. So I think, to me, the big headwinds, there's no room for the headwinds to be that big this coming year of fiscal '20. Meanwhile, the execution on everything else has been very, very good. And I think if we can just contain the headwinds, then the beauty of how well we're doing in general is going to shine through in fiscal '20. And that's really the way we are looking at it. We'll give you the data in roughly 90 days, but I think you're going to see us come out with a growth plan that we're pretty confident in next year. And it's because we are going to be growing off a baseline that's very, very solid with a lot of wind in our sails in terms of product momentum, new sales capacity, all that type of stuff that should be -- should put us in a position to do well.
James Heppelmann: I might add that - I'm sorry. If I could add, if you look at some of the metrics Kristian talked about where the recurring software revenue is up 13% and the margins for the year should be up 400 to 500 basis points and so forth, we don't have a problem with the business we have in-house. It's really more a headwind of bringing in the new bookings and then comparing it to last year where we didn't have some of those headwinds.
James Heppelmann: No, I don't think so. I mean, keep in mind, when you go into a factory, there's no new factory that has only new equipment in it. So if a factory has 100 pieces of automation equipment in it and somebody buys a new one that doesn't need Kepware, well great, the other 99 still do. And I've actually said before publicly several times that maybe at some point in time the world won't need Kepware because all the machines will be brand-new and upgraded to the latest protocols. But I can't actually imagine that scenario happening in the time frame that I'm still employed in the business because there's 20, 30, 40, 50, 60-year old machines in these factories. And they're not going anywhere because they're fully amortized and they work well and so forth. So I think that I don't want you to think Kepware had a bad quarter. It didn't do quite as well as we expected, but it did grow year-over-year. Just we had more ambitious growth plans. But nonetheless, it grew from a bookings and a revenue standpoint, and it's been a good, strong performer for us. It never was the fastest-growing part of our IoT suite, but it's a very, very important part because it brings together the ability for a brand-new machine to co-exist with the machines that are 5 years, 10 years, 15, 20, 40, 50 years old altogether in 1 automated information system. One other thing, just to clarify so that we don't have the wrong impression here. I talked about how the combination of CAD and PLM and IoT and AR were not influenced by these external factors was growing 20%. But that's a combination of AR and IoT growing much faster than 20%, and of course, CAD and PLM are not growing at the 20% level. So that was sort of an average of some moderate growers and some fast and some superfast growers coming together.
James Heppelmann: Let me say, though, from a guidance standpoint, I know how Kristian feels about this, we -- first of all, we feel that PTC in the scale of things is quite disclosive. What we'd like to do is guide for the current year, guide for the next quarter and then give you a 5-year guide. But every time the 5 year guide becomes a 4 year guide or a 3 year guide because a year has passed, I don't think we want to keep updating all these numbers because at some point, we'd be giving you a number for every one of the next 5 years, and that's just a little too precise, I think, for what we're capable of doing. So we are not trying to take anything off the table, but we're also not want to keep updating everything we ever said even though it no longer fits into the scheme. Hopefully, you understand that. Again, we'd like to give you a 1-year guide, a 1-quarter guide and a 5 year guide and leave it at that and let that all roll forward.
James Heppelmann: Kristian, there was another factor here that might explain a little bit of this, and that is that the quarter ended on June 29 for us this quarter. And I'm wondering if that maybe would also play a little bit into this. During the course of the year, we closed our quarters on the Saturday rather than the last day of the month. And so keep in mind that any revenue that would have been recognized on the last day of the quarter, meaning June 30, actually for us ends up in the next quarter. So sometimes, just the quarter ends affect this stuff by little bit, and I'm guessing that's probably what you're seeing.
James Heppelmann: With significant drop-off in certain geos where we just did not succeed in selling subscription software to people who are used to buying perpetual software from us.
James Heppelmann: I don't know if it was above, but it was respectable. Not significantly above, not significantly below. I mean, it was not a great quarter for the channel. I think we were clear on that. And that means that most geos did well or decent, respectable. And then a few really took a hit. And it's really that hit from a few geos that affects the overall growth rate. All right. So I think we're out of time, but let me just thank everyone for joining us. I want to reflect actually on a few things that Kristian said as he was talking here. We're talking about a disappointing year, but nonetheless recurring software revenue is going to be up 13%, operating margin is going to be up 400 to 500 basis points, EPS is going to be up 21% at the midpoint, and free cash flow will be around $260 million to $270 million. So actually, though we're disappointed in bookings for the reasons that we elaborated on, the business moved forward quite a bit. And because of the bookings situation, we pushed this very attractive target back a year. But I think it's as attractive as it ever was, and I think it's very, very credible that from this point forward, we can accomplish that target. And you heard Kristian. He has confidence behind it. He's got models behind it. We feel like it's doable. I mean we've got to do it, for sure, but it's certainly an achievable target. So we feel that this has essentially become a transition year. And the fundamentals of the business are very strong, and we're going to continue to grow the ARR and cash flow to very attractive levels. We look forward to talking to you in about 90 days if we don't cross paths sooner, and at that point, we'll be prepared to share a lot more specific financial details with you about what we think fiscal 2020 will look like. So thank you very much, and goodbye.
