James Heppelmann: Great. Thanks, Jon. I can't tell you how excited I am to have you and your team on my side this time around as we head into another wave of industry change and transition. Let me share a few important thoughts about how Onshape fits with PTC's core CAD and PLM strategy.  Our near-term goal is to increase our participation in the growthiest part of the CAD and PLM market, which really represents an adjacency to where Creo and Windchill play today. Jay Vleeschhouwer pointed out in a recent report that last year there were 174,000 new seats of CAD sold in the market globally with the sole SolidWorks business taking about 80,000 and Autodesk Inventor business capturing about 40,000. Creo, CATIA and NX took the bulk of the rest.  In the near term and midterm, it is that 70% of the market served by SolidWorks and Inventor that's most interesting to pursue with Onshape. Onshape gives us an opportunity to both participate in and then disrupt this part of the market and we can enter and play with a very strong hand.  Thanks to the massive advantage and innovation velocity that Jon spoke of, plus some great new technology like Generative Design that PTC can share within the portfolio, we expect Onshape will quickly mature into a full-featured SaaS CAD solution. There will be no glass ceiling on Onshape capabilities like SolidWorks endured over the years because PTC's positioning will be that we have the best of 2 different worlds. Creo and Windchill are best-in-class in the on-premise world and Onshape CAD and PLM are best-in-class in the pure SaaS world.  It's happened time after time that disruptive new technologies gain traction first in the SMB space, where customers generally have more flexibility to switch and then proceed up market over time. We expect that any SMB buyer who looks at Onshape will stop dead on their tracks due to its amazing capabilities plus all the fundamental SaaS advantages it offers. I'm referring to cost of ownership, support for any type of client device including phones and tablets, ease of getting started, collaboration that works like Google Docs and plus no need for upgrades and patches, no file servers and so forth.  Of course, in addition to SMB customers, Jon is going to take orders from companies of any size because, in the long run, the SaaS benefits are even more pronounced at the high end. Like Salesforce.com, we expect to get there over time and believe the high-end competition will be very vulnerable to what Jon and his team have built. That's why we all have the axiom that depth comes from below in the software industry. I want to stress that PTC remains 100% committed to long-term aggressive development of Creo and Windchill. We want to be best-in-class with either deployment model. So we will continue our pursuits of real-time simulation, generative design, additive manufacturing, IoT and AR infusion and all the other great things that we've been working on with Creo and Windchill. But in parallel, I expect you'll see many of the same capabilities appear on Onshape and surprisingly quickly given the fundamental innovation velocity of the SaaS model. When the day comes that any Dassault, Siemens, Autodesk or PTC customer wants to move to SaaS, we will be there ready to guide them.  But our real focus in the near term and midterm is on playing our strong new hand in the growthiest part of the market where we simply don't show up today. If you back up to 50,000 feet, you can see that Onshape represents a huge and invaluable injection of SaaS technology, business processes, know-how and culture into PTC. Onshape will dramatically expedite PTC's own transformation to SaaS. The industry is most certainly headed there and PTC is now positioned to pave the path with Jon and his team upfront leading the way. I think this acquisition, PTC's biggest ever, will transform the industry, while both solidifying and accelerating PTC's long-term growth opportunity in CAD and PLM. We're extremely excited to welcome the Onshape team to PTC. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kristian to comment on financials and guidance. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. Matt, so Jim here. We did, as I mentioned, commission McKinsey to do a study during our diligence phase here, and to replace, let's say, anecdotal data with quantitative data. And McKinsey did a study of around 230 customers. They reported very strong interest in the concept of SaaS. Some concerns that SaaS products weren't mature enough yet, always some concerns about switching cost and the larger the enterprise, the stronger that concern but huge amount of interest.  And now I would say one of the things PTC came to realize is that this Onshape product is actually much better than we thought it was, much more advanced than we thought it was. So we sort of think that the world hasn't processed how fast this product changes. While we, PTC, were talking to the Onshape guys, they did their 101st, 102nd and 103rd upgrade of the entire customer base. So there's an innovation velocity here that's amazing. And I think it's probably fair to say that Onshape is a mid-range product today but on a very fast improvement vector.  And we at PTC would be incented to offer up any of the great technology we might have to put into that improvement vector. So this is a product that's better than most people think it is and improving extremely fast and there's a very large amount of interest. So again, the resulting -- the kind of punchline result of the study, if you will, from McKinsey was that they think that we'd see a 35% CAGR over what's there today and that would lead to slightly under 20% market penetration by true SaaS in the next 5 years. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think, Jay, in simple terms, we will attempt to create 2 versions of that strategy, one that runs on-premise and one that runs in a cloud. Of course, we already have the one on-premise. So as Onshape matures, we will try to create all the goodness that PTC has on-premise in that SaaS world as well. And at some point when customers say, "Hey, I want to learn a little bit more about SaaS." We want to be head and shoulders ahead of everybody in terms of providing a very mature, proven, full function capability not just for CAD and PDM and collaboration but the closed-loop idea, augmented reality idea, the IoT idea that you saw us -- saw me show in that keynote, by the way. So it's very exciting, in fact, at keynote, you might have noticed, it won me visionary of the year designation from one of the analysts in this market. And we just want that visionary capability to embrace the SaaS model, that's really where we're going with this. 
James Heppelmann: You can't infer much from that transaction other than actually things are going well. And to infer more than that is impossible. Because of confidentiality agreements we have with Rockwell, we don't really intend to disclose more. Partnership is going well. 
James Heppelmann: Right. So I think probably CAD and PLM growth in the range, perhaps, a little less than where they are this year. But to be -- to add some conservatism. And if you take that IoT business growing much faster, growing kind of at the rate we've guided, you add in 1 point from Onshape, you take down probably the 10% in the FSG group. I'm not sure we're planning to do 10% again, I hope we do, but I don't know if we guided that. 
James Heppelmann: You run some models around that and you're going to land kind of in that range and maybe even near the upper end of it. So our view is that range contains a notch or 2 of conservatism in case the economy actually gets worse than it is at this moment than it has been in 2019. 
James Heppelmann: And then of course as you know, Saket, by eliminating that cancellation clause, which we think was an appropriate move, that immediately doubled the length and the effect of all new transactions. So it kind of took those things from 1 year to 2 and, in some cases, to 3. So I think the key thing is just that this number is going to jump around a lot. We're going to have a bang-up year in revenue growth, and I promise you, we're not going to brag about it because the better we do this year, the more it's going to come out of the future. And in the end, the business is the same, it's just moving it from year to year based on revenue recognition rules.  So I promise we won't gloat this year. And then you've got to promise to remember next year that we didn't gloat this year. 
James Heppelmann: Actually Joe, it's interesting because the PMI number, as you probably know, is in the worst place it's been since 2009. But it doesn't feel like that out there. Unemployment's at a, I don't know, I think I heard 50-year low, which doesn't reconcile with the PMI being where it was in 2009.  So number one, this downturn feels a little different somehow. And then the second factor is that we are convinced our growth businesses are secular, not cyclic. So we also think that a growing amount of what we sell is potentially more interesting when faced with a difficult spending environment. When companies buy our IoT technology or AR technology and deploy it, for example in a factory, they do that to save money. And so I think that won't go out of style in a downturn. But it is a bit inexplicable but quite -- feels quite good that in the face of what really looks like a difficult economy. PTC just posted the best year in the 21 years I've been here. So I feel good about that. And we've allowed for some conservatism in our guide just in case. But I hope we don't need it. 
James Heppelmann: Okay, no problem. Jon, let me hit the first couple and then maybe you can pick up the competitive one. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. Let me add to that. Our studies showed that Onshape pretty much goes toe-to-toe with features and functions against SolidWorks but beats them for anybody who wants SaaS because SolidWorks doesn't have SaaS. And our study said that against Fusion, it's a better, much cleaner, better and more complete SaaS model and blows them away on functionality. So we think we're in a very good strong competitive position against both of those with the Onshape technology.  And then with respect to the channel, one thing that PTC has which could prove very helpful here is a channel that lives in the bottom half of the market or at least kind of, let's say, in the middle part of the market and could go downmarket. So under NDA, I've had the luxury of running the Onshape technology past some of our channel partners as part of our diligence and they're very, very excited. They feel like, sort of like once upon a time they had still SolidWorks in one hand and CATIA on the other and there was a tough left right punch against PTC. We sort of have that against SolidWorks now.  You want to go simple SaaS, that model, we've got a great product. You need more features. We have Creo and all the wonderful things we've been doing there. So I think we need more time to plan what role our channel will play here but I think it's definitely an asset that is going to prove to be very, very important as this picture unfolds over time. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean I think I can only give you estimates on both of those. I probably know the second one. But on the first question, how much of IoT and AR is sold into our installed base of CAD and PLM, I'm going to probably say 60%. Yes, 50%, 60%. I mean, on one hand, we have those relationships. They're extremely useful. On the other hand, we're winning in all kinds of accounts because we're a little bit uncontested right now. So we're also trying to go and having success going well beyond the installed base. And of course as I mentioned, what Rockwell sells is well beyond the installed base, right? And then on the second question, how important is Rockwell. Rockwell would be a single-digit percentage of what we're doing right now, but growing quickly. So they've gone from not part of our strategy to a small part at this moment. But it's a small part growing at a high rate and should become increasingly material as we go forward. I can imagine Rockwell getting up to be double digits. And I don't know, maybe down the road somewhere, 1/4 of our business. They have a massive installed base. They have a very high win rate. They're having good deployment success. The future with Rockwell looks very, very promising. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. Well, yes, that's -- Sterling, that's a good and fair question, and the buy versus build is a good place to start. It cost Jon, with an incredible team of the best guy in the industry, 6 or 7 years and $100 million to get where he is right now. So for me, it would be a little harder to do that entrepreneurial efficient thing, so our estimate is it would take us at least 5 years and several hundred million dollars to build what he has. So there are several hundred million dollars of synergy here.  Now the second thing I'd tell you about the price is it's -- this is a unique asset. It's the only one out there which gives Jon, of course, some negotiating leverage. Another point is it's the same revenue multiple that we paid for ThingWorx. And it's the same revenue multiple that Dassault paid for SolidWorks at the same size, if you adjust the difference between multiples on perpetual versus multiples on subscription revenue streams, ARR streams.  So I think you and I both would agree that $100 million ARR stream is worth more than $100 million perpetual onetime stream. So if you take the difference in those multiples and gross up what Dassault paid for SolidWorks, by that factor, you get to what we paid for Onshape. So I think I can triangulate on this many different ways, and I think this is a very good buy at this price. It's a win-win for both parties. 
James Heppelmann: Right. And I want to add, maybe just some color to something Kristian said. He used the term backlog. And what he's referring to is we are sitting on signed contracts right now that, for example, may ramp up a big notch in Q3 or Q4. We don't have to go win that business. We just have to wait for Q3 or Q4 to get here and it kicks in.  So that's one of the reasons why we see this ramp is because we're sitting on a fair amount of already closed business that does not count in Kristian's new definition of ARR because it hasn't started yet. So it's really a combination of overlaying the backlog we're sitting on with the forecast we're looking at and seeing that seasonal shape. 
James Heppelmann: Yes. I think just -- if I could add two cents to that, Jason. Kristian mentioned very strong bookings. But if you remember, our business is really back-end loaded in the quarter. So if we do a good-sized deal in the last week of the quarter, it's highly unlikely that deal is going to start in that same week. If it starts next week, I'm sorry, it's backlog.  So really what we need to do is to try to estimate how much of the deals will start in the same quarter they're purchased. First, we have to win the deals. But secondarily, we have to try to estimate the start date in order to understand will it be in the ARR? Or will it be backlog and it'll jump into the ARR in the coming quarter? And what really fundamentally is the deal here is more of it ended in backlog than in ARR but that sets us up nicely for next year.  Okay. I think that's the end of that, so I want to thank everybody for joining the call and spending an hour with us this afternoon. So again in summary, it's a challenging macro environment but we closed the strongest -- a strong year of ARR growth. The IoT and ARR business are working well. The core CAD and PLM business are working well. The focus solution group business had a pretty strong year actually. And all of that against this backdrop.  So on top of that, Onshape has entered our lives here and it is clearly going to be a new growth engine but also a longer-term path to a SaaS future. So there's a lot here at PTC that we're proud and excited about, and. If you get a chance to join us on the November 18 webcast, we're going to take you into much deeper detail, particularly along -- around the long-range plan and free cash flow and all the puts and takes and assumptions and sensitivities and so forth. So we'll try to give you a good clear view on how doable that is. And I think you're going to like the answer.  But if you can't join then, I look forward to talking to you in 90 days, if we don't happen to cross paths sooner. So thanks for joining us. Bye-bye. 
Kristian Talvitie: Sure. So I mean I think in general we would expect that CAD and PLM will continue to outpace market growth rates and we actually expect IoT to end up significantly outpacing market growth here in fiscal '20 again due to some of the factors that I outlined in my prepared comments. 
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. So I think as it relates to the, we'll call it, the large portion, I don't -- we're not really anticipating any significant change in the overall, we'll call it, size of those businesses. And I think probably the bigger question is what happens to the term length particularly on both new and renewal bookings? And the assumption that we're using is -- in the guidance is that we would expect modestly increasing length of term of contract particularly on the renewal side. That's probably one of the bigger factors, is really the term length. 
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. And again just on the seasonality on the ARR remembering that, that is the entire, we'll call it, stack of customer arrangements that we have. And as such, you need to consider the, we'll call it, rate of new bookings, the expiring base kind of churn and looking at those variables and then also understanding the committed ramps as those layer in throughout the year and even deals that were booked with start dates throughout the year, understanding how those layer in. That's how we get to that range 12% to 15% for the year. And as I said, I think we're going to start the year below that range and it will ramp throughout. 
Kristian Talvitie: I mean again, the -- really, you have to unpack bookings from ARR. And again remembering that per our definition ARR is again the full annualized contract value of all the contracts that we have at the end of the period that are active. And we -- that's what we ended up with in terms of year-over-year growth, the 28%. Now also remember that what I said was we had a very good bookings quarter for IoT in Q4. And a good chunk of those bookings have start dates that are in fiscal '20.  And then in addition to that, we also have previously committed ramp deals as well as some other ramp deals that were booked in Q4, which pushes the ARR really into '20. And we would expect a pretty significant increase in ARR above-market growth rates in '20 as a result of timing of how that ARR flows through. 
