Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thank you, Jim. I'll make a few additional comments on the quarter and then summarize our guidance for Q1 and FY 2012.  As Jim cited, total Q4 non-GAAP revenue of $341 million was up 20% -- 27% year-over-year, driven by 19% year-over-year PTC organic revenue growth, coupled with $23 million in revenue from our MKS and 4CS acquisitions.  Q4 non-GAAP operating profit increased by 62% year-over-year to $77.5 million, and EPS increased to $0.47 per share. Higher than anticipated tax rate and other expense items negatively impacted our reported Q4 EPS by approximately $0.02 per share, while our Integrity business contributed positively, adding $0.01 per share to our non-GAAP EPS in the quarter.  Clearly, our highlight of the past year has been our focus on driving higher profit margins while investing to capitalize on the long-term growth opportunity. In Q4 2011, our non-GAAP operating margin increased to 22.7%, up from 17.8% in Q4 of 2010. And for the full year FY 2011, we have expanded operating margins from 15.6% to 17.7%. This 210 basis points improvement results from increased sales and R&D productivity. While we have increased our R&D spend to $203 million in FY '11, we've also realized significant operating leverage as these new products have been delivered to market, such that our R&D expense as a percent of revenue has declined from 19% in the prior year to 17.3% in FY '11. And we've realized increased sales productivity as our sales and marketing spend has declined from 30.1% to 29.2% in the same timeframe.  On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $168 million in cash. During the quarter, we repurchased $15 million of PTC's stock; and we completed the acquisition of 4CS for $15 million; we purchased capital equipment of $10 million and paid down $50 million on our line of credit.  In addition, we've renegotiated the revolving credit agreement with our banks to extend this agreement through August of 2016 and add more favorable rates. Turning to our outlook for Q1 in FY '12, as Jim cited, we enter the year facing a very uncertain global economy. We're continuing to add sales capacity, and at the same time, we're being very disciplined with our broader spending and staffing plans.  Our key goal for FY '12 is to drive at least 1 percentage point improvement in operating margins. We expect approximately half of this gain to come from higher gross margins and the balance from leverage and operating expenses. Our longer-term goal is to drive non-GAAP operating margins to 20% to 22% by 2014.  As noted previously, approximately 25% of our business is transacted in euros and changes in FX will impact our reported results. Our guidance for the first quarter and for FY '12 assumes $1.40 U.S. dollars to the euro. This rate compares to USD $1.45 to euro in our Q3 guidance. And this change would have the effect of reducing our expected FY 2012 reported revenue by some $15 million. For Q1, we expect non-GAAP revenue of $305 million to $320 million and EPS of $0.28 to $0.32 per share. While we're off to a good start in the new year, we have broadened our guidance range for the quarter to reflect the present level of macroeconomic uncertainty. For the fiscal year 2012, we are raising our non-GAAP revenue guidance from $1,320,000,000 to a range of $1,330,000,000 to $1,340,000,000. And we expect our non-GAAP EPS to be $1.48 to $1.52 per share.  We expect our full year 2012 non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 24%. We plan to purchase approximately $50 million of PTC stock during the year. We also expect stock-based compensation to be approximately $51 million or 3.8% of revenue for 24 -- 2012, and we expect our longer-term stock-based compensation to trend towards 3% of revenue.  In summary, we are very pleased with our financial results and progress in 2011, and we're off to a very good start in FY '12.  Thank you for joining us, and we'll now open up the call to your questions.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I would just add Yun that this -- in the prepared remarks, we cited 103 large transactions in the year. That's up from 70 a year ago, a very significant growth there representing $248 million of revenue, better than 85% of our revenue in any given year comes from our existing customer base. So that's a very -- gives us good visibility, good understanding. And I think the expansion of the sales team is giving us better coverage of those accounts, as well as penetration into new accounts. So I think the visibility in programs are improving, and we feel pretty good about that.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Our margins on license have traditionally been in the mid to upper '90s. And so we'd expect that would continue as we go forward. So I feel very comfortable with the margin and the mix as we cited before. So I'm not sure I have any specific comment on the quarter, other than to say it's always been consistently in the upper -- mid to upper '90s.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Matt, this is Jeff. Europe has been a very significant market for us. And I think traditionally, it's been about 38% of revenue. For this year, it was 40%. We're very much focused in Central Europe, Northern Europe and have just a very large installed base, particularly in the industrial sector, which has been very strong for us. So I think it's been very, very good execution by the team in Europe. I think we have got a great base of customers, and we've just continued to both expand with those customers and add new customers. So I'd say probably good opportunity and good execution by our team.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I think that's reasonable. I think there's more upside based on activity. We were just honestly being very cautious as we were putting our notes together. The level of uncertainty we felt it was just prudent to broaden that range. Clearly, we're driving towards the -- from the mid to the upper end of that range and that's the visibility that we have. But as you know, and we can anticipate, there could be a few deals that we get to the end of December that push into January. So it's really just that caution. I think the overall activity is very, very good, and we feel very confident in the year, a little bit of caution on the Q1 numbers.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Richard, there's a lag effect. That's the probably the #1 thing. So as we sign new deals, they beget maintenance revenue streams in subsequent quarters and subsequent years. So I think we're still very, very positive about all the metrics, both tax rates, retention rates and so forth. And I think our modeling would suggest that there's a reasonable growth that we put in there. Again, it's off a large installed base, and I'd just remind everyone that we really blew away that number this year. And so there will be a lag effect, which means in '13, we'd see another significant and attractive increase in maintenance as we close out the -- close all of the new business that we expect to -- in '12. So it will be a continuing sustainable growth revenue stream for us.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. Jay, this is Jeff. So a couple of things. We've had very good metrics all year. Again, reiterating attach rates, renewal rates, et cetera. We've had programs that recapture seats as well, where people may have been off maintenance. I think all of those have been successful. The impact in Q4 is continued organic growth. We posted a year-over-year 24% growth in maintenance. 16% of that was organic; the other 8% came from the acquisition, particularly MKS. They have a large installed base, a good installed base, and so that was really the differential between -- in Q3, we were up 17% with some very small impact of MKS; organically 16% in Q4, plus MKS. The nice thing is now that rolls forward, creating a new base for us, going into 2012.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: And I think as you'll see, Jay, just adding a couple of other comments in that the Windchill seat counts have gone way up, and they've progressed all year. It's really reflective of the revenue and implementations that began well over a year ago, now flowing through as active seats and being now under maintenance. So I just think that the team has done a great job, and we'll continue to look for them to continue to drive those metrics and drive those numbers.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: And now going back to the question on large deals, clearly, Europe was a very, very strong performance to both a year in the quarter. By the way, that activity and that pipeline has continued to build and transact as we entered FY '12. So Europe is doing very well. We expect that to continue. That said, I think our largest growth in the pipeline ahead is in the U.S. with the Americas, and we had a very good year, but we've also seen very substantive growth, particularly in high tech electronics, along with industrial, particularly along -- and as Jim cited, retail is another area. But I think the pipeline growth is probably most significant as we look ahead in the North American market.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Sure, two things. First on deferred, it's a seasonal pattern that our big renewal times are really December and January and then in the middle of the year. So if you look at our deferreds and you look at them historically, you'll see it builds at the end of the year and into Q1. That it comes down slightly in Q2, rebuilds and at the end of Q3, our fiscal year, it'll be down slightly at the end of the year, which it was. And all of that, the good news is that whole business is building nicely and gives us great cash flow. So I would say, we feel very good about that, and that pattern is very consistent, all the metrics look good. In the quarter, the cash and cash flow, basically, breakeven in cash flow. It's really reflective of a significant increase in receivables, which is good for the future. And a piece of that example, I think, we cited. 4CS was added in September. There was about $5 million worth of receivables with virtually very small amount of revenue in the period, so that added about a day to DSOs. If I look at overall at our accounts receivable, we're actually in better shape than we've been in many, many years in terms of past dues and so forth. So we feel very good, we actually had very good sub-cash collections in the first part of the quarter. So I would say I feel very good about where we are in terms of receivables. And I think we've outlooked for the year. We'll generate significant amounts of cash. We'll buy better than $50 million worth of stock. We expect to pay down about $100 million in debt over the course of the year. So I think their cash and cash flow position feels very good to me.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, they should be very close to our operating, non-GAAP operating margin, should be very, very close to cash flow. And to your point, yes clearly, last year we had a $52 million litigation settlement that occurred in the first quarter of last year. That was -- if you adjust for that -- and again DSOs, to the extent that we're typically right around 60 days adjusting for 4CS, we were at 61 days. The good news is we've got a lot receivables. The good news is that will all convert to cash.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay, so the first things on the -- we disclosed, as you know, the large deal transaction. We had 30 large deals that transacted. The average value of those was $2.8 million. That was up slightly, but in the zone from where we've traditionally been. We're usually between $2 million and $2.5 million. So we did a few additional larger deals, but nothing -- in terms of the average, we're very, very consistent. Jim did mention that we had a significant follow-on transaction with Caterpillar, so that will probably be one of the larger transactions, and we don't specifically disclose more gate bigger than that. But I'd say overall, we feel pretty good about where that mix is.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: That correct. So that's a real good point because that is an annuity stream that we'll see over the next quarters and years that will continue to return to us. On the services side, a lot of the services growth has been, as we've discussed earlier, the implementations of Windchill from transactions in sales of both 2010 and the early transactions in '11. And so most of those, we think of services as both a lagging and leading indicator. That is after we've sold the Windchill, we're in the major deployments. As those deployments get completed, as we talked, for example, HTMC, we'd expect follow-on license revenue as those are completed. So if they -- the services level of activity is high for a substantial value for our customers, and it's the leading indicator for the next wave of additional license sales.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: I think, in general, Sterling, it's been our direct side. It's been the large accounts. We're very strong and active there. And -- so I would say it's really our direct sales organization that has been driving that growth. And I expect with the large scale deals we're doing and the complexity, that'll continue.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: And a good year, yes. I won't say it, but I'd just say the big transactions to speak specifically to that, that will be through the direct organization.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: On the maintenance side, I think that's been a highlight this year. We talked about attach rates, renewal rates, recapture has been very good, as well as discipline on pricing. And again, that's I think been a very strong program. And I would just anticipate that, that will continue in the years ahead. And as we said earlier, that makes our maintenance business a very sustainable growth area for the business. And it's really, as we cited earlier, as we generate new license sales, that lags quarters and months behind, but builds a nice annuity stream behind it. So I'd say the maintenance side is steady as she goes, continues to see that being very successful. I think one of the changes that we've talked about in the model and for the year would be services. And just harking back to rate growth this year to implement programs, we're building up a partner ecosystem, and we do expect our portion of that to be more strategic, more high value add on many fronts. We've got a very high utilization and a talented group, and they create significant value in our customer base, but it will grow at a slower rate with higher margin. So as we look to 2012, we'd expect slower growth on services, higher margins. And just a reminder that our '11 results included the impact of the HKMC deal early in the year and that cost us about 2 percentage points on gross margin and services. So with that behind us and the programs that we just described, I think we look at services being a very significant opportunity for us this year.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Usually, Q2 is a little bit softer, but we would expect it not to be a decline, but to be at a pretty consistent level just because of the base we have. So while it is seasonally a little bit slower, I wouldn't expect to see a decline in the second quarter, but would expect it to look similar to our Q1.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. And again, that's going to adjust -- the adjustment would be working capital, really receivables. So depending on the timing and seasonality, it could be plus or minus the change in receivables, but that's always -- our AR is very solid, very high credit. So that's the caveat on the change. But fundamentally, we'll be generating cash at a level of non-GAAP operating profit.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay. So I think with that, we're probably out of time, and I don't want to keep everybody longer than we need to here. Jim, I don't know if you have any final comments.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay, great. We appreciate your time and your support, everybody, and look forward to seeing you again in 90 days, if not sooner. Thanks.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Well, Yun, first of all, it's a series of questions. Hopefully, I'll capture all of them in my answer here. I think it starts a little bit with a philosophy and an attitude and a compensation program. It isn't designed to maximize the revenue. So in the past, we've had a compensation program that paid our services guys on operating margin dollars, which meant the more revenue they brought in, even if it was at margins that, maybe we don't like, the more revenue they brought in, the more compensation it could earn. So we're changing that immediately or have already changed it to really an operating margin percentage, which is -- we're saying we want more profitable revenue, not necessarily more of it but more profit in the revenue. And then we have in fact, invested quite a bit now in our partner program infrastructure that's ready to kind of help transition some of the incremental opportunity for services to our partners. We've had a partner program in the past. I think, we're just going to get much more serious about it in FY '12. That does cost some money, but that's all baked into our planning assumptions already. And then with respect to the actual partners, Accenture, I would say, is emerging as our strongest partner right now. But certainly, we have other strong partners and sometimes on a geographic basis, it might not be Accenture at all or perhaps on an industry basis. But I think we're certainly starting to get a lot of momentum and a lot of projects with Accenture. I feel like it's capturing their attention as well, and they're starting to sort of double down on their side of the investment as well.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Yun it's Jim. I'll take a first stab at that, and Jeff can add. One of the metrics I like is the amount of revenue we continue to get from these domino wins. And keep in mind that domino wins, by definition are competitive takeaways. There's also a series of just good, healthy in the family accounts that look exactly the same, other than being competitive takeaways. So what we're starting to see is relationships that are really very annuitous [ph] to PTC, and we're starting to build a large portfolio of them. That's really where we want to take the focus of the attention next year from dominoes to annuities, because we want to show you the whole portfolio, how many accounts are in that portfolio, and how many of those accounts are doing a lot of business with us now, year in and year out. And so that's what I like is that we're building up a steady kind of bedrock of big accounts doing a lot of business with us every year as we're on a journey of continuous improvement in the product development processes.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, it's Jim here, Matt. Let me say right now I think that the ability to cross and upsell is greater than we anticipated it to be. In fact, we're having to push back a little bit on some of the efforts to do so because we don't yet have the infrastructure in MKS to engage MKS in all the PTC accounts where the sales guys want to pull them in today. So it looks very promising, and I think that this acquisition over time is going to prove to be an extremely good move on PTC's part, based on sort of the anecdotal evidence we see of revenue synergy at this point.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, maybe just add a little color to that. I think in the Scandinavia area, we've had some incredible competitive wins in the last few years, really kind of cleaning up competitively. And that's translated into a lot of annuity accounts and a lot of revenue that we just didn't have a few years ago. And then I think if you go back to Germany, the sort of mid-sized and in larger German industrial companies, the German automotive suppliers and so forth, I mean, we've just had fantastic business with them. And I think they're doing well. We all hear about the bad economy in Europe, but I don't think the German industrial companies are doing poorly at this point.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, Richard, it's Jim here. I think it's really kind of a balanced combination of those 2 factors. I think definitely there was a situation if you go back to the 2008, 2009, where our customers were questioning our commitment to the CAD business. And maybe some of them were not making investments with PTC because they weren't sure if PTC would be their vendor 5 and 10 years down the road. So I think that, plus then the bad economy of 2009, caused a certain amount of pent-up demand. And in 2010 and now especially in 2011, the economy has been much stronger in the CAD sector. And I think that our customers -- I mean it's just fun to go to customer meetings right now and talk about CAD, because they are blown away by Creo. Just -- it's just emanating vision and leadership and so forth, and so people who maybe question whether or not this company was going to be in the CAD business long term, are back to questioning whether we're going to regain leadership of the CAD business in the long term because we have a really exciting product. So I think they're going back to buying things that they maybe had tabled for a while. And then we bring in the second factor, which is we have so much new stuff to sell. So what I've been telling people is I think that the factor of the economy and the pent-up demand will play itself out at some point, and then we're going to switch to the factor, which is we've got a lot of new stuff to sell. And keep in mind we have a massive customer base here. So we have a lot of new modules and new capabilities to hold direct modeling, flexible modeling type stuff you mentioned. And we have 27,000 companies to go sell that to. And if we sell each one of those 27,000, even a little bit of this new stuff, it produces very big numbers. So I think -- I view it that the economy thing will play out and that the real factor, the Creo real factor is just getting started, and that will carry on for a number of years now.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Okay, those are good questions Ben. So with HKMC we are wrapping up this first phase, and it's gone as well, or quite frankly, better than I would have expected, given the complexity versus the timeframe we had to execute in. So things are in good shape there. That means there will be a second phase. I don't necessarily want to tell you what the negotiations are at the moment with HKMC, but what I will tell you is we're not going to lose money on the second phase, that this is going to be a project that's not an investment, but sort of over-reaping the rewards to the investment we made in Q1 of FY '11. So I think there'll be a significant license component to it. It will undoubtedly be a significant services component as well, but that's going to be fully funded in the transaction all in will be a pretty positive-looking transaction. On the second question about our supply chain optimization, who are we competing with, this is probably the newest sector of PLM. You wouldn't find many retail companies using PLM 5 years ago. And what happened is all of the PLM vendors sort of jumped into it at the same time. It started really with -- this kind of supply chain stuff should be done by ERP companies perhaps, but they just missed the boat completely, because it's too much churn. It's too dynamic. It's too many suppliers, too many changes, too fast. And so I think that the ERP and traditional supply chain vendors basically don't have a solution here. So PLM was sort of forced into this, forced into duty, if you will, solving this problem. And what happened is all 3 of us, PTC, Siemens and Deso [ph] jumped into this. I would say at this point, in our view, Siemens has nearly exited the business. They had a couple of wins. And the most notable, which have switched over to us at this point, and our win rate against Deso [ph] is sky high, sort of a route almost, in this particular sector. It's a little harder in other sectors, but I would say the most competitive sector PTC's in right now is supply chain. I mean the place we have the strongest competitive advantage is the supply chain sector and these big retail accounts because our win rate is approaching 100%. It's not quite there, but it's very high.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, okay, on the second question, of the domino wins, all 3 of those were PLM wins. On the first question of Windchill 10.0 and adoption rates and so forth, I'd say that Windchill 10.0 is doing well. Right now, we have sort of a very large body of upgrades happening within our customer base that we're involved in, sort of like double to what we had been in the prior 6-month period. So I think what happened is -- customers upgrade on a regular basis, but in anticipation of Windchill 10.0, some people held off a little bit, and now there's a huge wave of upgrades moving through the system. So I think the feedback has really been phenomenal. One of the things we did -- and I don't mean to go technical on you here as the former CTO, but we adopted this agile or Scrum development method a couple of years ago. And in that method you involve a lot of customers in the R&D process. So in this particular case, 50 to 60 customers actually punched the code while it was under development and gave us their feedback and so forth. And so when Windchill 10.0 came out with this new user interface, it was more or less perfect. In fact, there was a customer that told me the other day, it was like Christmas, I got -- just when I looked under the tree and I got just what I wanted. So I think that was a good situation, and I think the customers are excited. And there's a big wave of upgrades, and it's starting to show as well now in the competitive work that we're doing.
James E. Heppelmann: We can answer the second question. We might need you to restate the first one, just because some critical parts to your question disappeared on us. But I -- on the second question, I know what you're referring to, which is -- one of our competitors has quite a sawtooth in their maintenance. And I don't really understand that myself, Jay, because of course, for us, all of this maintenance is recognized ratably. So independent of when you land the renewal of the contract, it just all then gets spread out over a long period of time, which actually makes it very difficult to have big spikes and values. So I don't foresee us having a lot of seasonality other than sort of consistent with what we had in the past, which is minor seasonality compared to the company you're talking about. So I don't see that happening. If you look at, back in 2009, in the depths of the depression, our maintenance slowed down from sort of mid-single digits to kind of flat, and then it picked back up again. I mean, we just didn't have big spikes. This particular company you're talking about has it going up 10% and 15% -- up and down 10% and 15%, and I can't actually understand how that works myself.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes I think that sort of another take on your question is probably the biggest reason for that spike was acquired maintenance. A secondary reason is probably some currency impact, but the fundamental strength in maintenance is constant currency organic maintenance growth. And what's really interesting is some of the policy changes we made 4 or even 5 quarters ago, produced a gift that keeps on giving. Because if we negotiated, let's say back in Q2, a renewal at much better rates or if we took a new deal at much better rates than we might have previously, because we take all that revenue ratably, it continues to have a positive impact in all the quarters going forward as well. So I think there's sort of a snowballing as well of all the positive impact of prior policy changes in the portfolio of maintenance. Let's say, customers or maintenance accounts renewing into these better terms and policies that we now have in place.
James E. Heppelmann: And maybe, Steve, to be honest, the Caterpillar transaction would qualify as a whale, but we only took a small piece of it in the quarter.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I'd say personally, the latter. I don't think the standalone history-free modeling is going to take over the world. In fact, the opposite has happened in the last 15 years. The Parametric modeling is taking over the world. But I think that the combination of the 2 really make a good powerful combination, either one by itself, leaves half the people frustrated because Parametric modeling, if you're a power user, it is much better. On the other hand, if you're a casual user, the direct modeling is better. And because in any given company, half the people are power users and half are casual users, what you really want is a system that can meet both needs in a fully compatible way. And that's kind of the promise of Creo. And so I think that there's a few people out there with standalone direct modelers. I just don't see them taking over the world, because they'll leave the power users very frustrated.
James E. Heppelmann: Well, I think there's 2 sources of new capacity. One is we've unwound to a certain extent, overlay organizations within the company and taken people who were overlaying the mainstream sales force and moved them into the mainstream sales force. And these people become productive quite quickly because maybe they used to even be in the mainstream sales force. So they don't have a long learning curve, they just need a different charter. And then there's the people we're hiring. And I think the people we're hiring, by and large, haven't contributed much yet because the learning curve there is several quarters long. So I think that the hires we started to make in Q3 and Q4 are becoming meaningful now in Q1 and Q2. And that'll sort of be the trend throughout the year is that we're getting more and more benefit. We are attracting a series of primarily activity metrics to make sure that people we hired are doing something. And we're encouraging them to be setting up meetings and customer visits and all that stuff, which is an important part of the learning process. And I think just a lot of that kind of activity happening right now.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think that, one of the things that we want to do at this February event is go deeper into the market segments we're in as opposed to the product mix. Because to some extent, when we say Arbortext, like the Arbortext project at Caterpillar, it turns out it involves a whole lot of Windchill and a good dose of Creo as well. So what we're really saying is we should talk to you about our service lifecycle management offering. We should talk to you about the service lifecycle management segment, the competitors, the growth rate, the market share, et cetera. And we want to -- well, let me take you back in June at our PlanetPTC event, we sort of unveiled that framework. And I think at this February Investor event, we want to take you a lot deeper in it because, in fact, we think that the SLM solution we have right now is unique and powerful. And we think there are a lot of Caterpillar life accounts lined up behind Caterpillar. And we want to tell that story with some richness at that February investor event. But it's definitely an area where we're going to see a lot of growth. I say all that just because when we say Arbortext today, we don't -- we actually mean something much more than that company we acquired back in 2005 now. That's the richness I want to give you in February.
James E. Heppelmann: I think that we will see a nice growth rate for Arbortext here in 2012. I think it'll be one of the stronger elements in growth in the company portfolio as those other accounts come into the picture, and I think that's the run that's going to last a decade. Because we're onto something that feels pretty important here, and we have a solution that's relatively unique, not really a good competitor lined up against it. And a lot of customers in the industrial sector, in the automotive sector, anybody who's producing things that lasts a while and get serviced and maintained and warranty claims and tech support calls and so forth. They're pretty interested to talk to us. So I think it'll be a growth leader here in FY '12. And our portfolio, it's not huge yet, sort of medium-sized, but I think it will be a growth leader. And I think it will become a substantial business for us over the next decade.
James E. Heppelmann: Sure, just to wrap up. As Jim mentioned, stay tuned for some more details regarding our event in February. We also remind everyone that PTC is going to be participating in 2 upcoming investor events in New York City, the RBC Software Symposium on November 15, followed by a UBS Global Technology and Services Conference on the 16th. Again, thanks for joining us this morning, and we look forward to talking to you again on our Q1 earnings call.
