Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean absolutely Joe, Jim here. Keep in mind that PTC is really helping customers plan and engineer and plan the production processes for products. We're not helping them to actually by and large we're not helping them much to produce the product. So the supply chain problems really are production problems. And if you're having production problems, most companies don't see that as a reason to stop planning the next generation of products because suddenly a production problem will be solved at some point. And then you'll be competing for who has the best next-generation product and I hope you didn't take the year off. So we don't really see any connection. And frankly, we didn't see much connection in 2020 either in that particular way. So I think the pandemic in 2020, put a lot of momentum into digital transformation. People realize you can't execute a hybrid work for us for example, without a system of record for product data. It just doesn't work. So that momentum is carrying through and people are forging ahead with their strategies to implement for example PLM and CAD to advance their digital transformation initiative even if their factories are idle because they're waiting on semiconductors or in some cases wire harnesses that used to come from Ukraine and all that type of stuff. So actually I was in Germany, in the last week of the quarter. And the customers I talked to were full speed ahead as it related to the PTC project. And we mentioned that we had a very strong bookings quarter in Europe. And again that's net of a fairly if you put all that churn from Russia in Europe it's material. It's like probably a point of growth I'm just in for Europe. So I think we're doing well and sort of feel like actually conditions look pretty good. And at the same time we can withstand a lot and still really deliver some impressive growth and free cash flow numbers.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. If you go back to our Investor Day I'll remind you that we really feel like we're starting the third phase of our SaaS project. And the Windchill part of it started back in the first phase. So for us we've had a lot of success with cloud. And it's one of the growth drivers for Windchill. It has been over the last 18 quarters. I think the difference is, we didn't like the profitability of the cloud part of the Windchill cloud business as we used to do it. So this Windchill+ is really our shift to the multi-tenant model, which to the customer doesn't look much different. But to PTC it looks quite a bit different and produces quite a different outcome in terms of profitability. So, I think, customers like the Windchill in the cloud before. They still like Windchill in the cloud, because PTC likes Windchill in the cloud better now. And that's causing us to open the floodgates a little more, because it's a more attractive business for us now.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, the key thing -- let's focus mostly on IoT, because it's much larger. The key thing is there's two key use cases for IoT -- three key use cases actually. One is smart connected products, which are the products you manufacture. The second one is smart connected factories or we call it, smart connected operations. That's the products you buy and operate in your factories. And then the third one is, really this Navigate strategy of bringing in information from a lot of different systems, kind of, an environment that just makes lightweight users more productive and so forth. But anyway, all of our discrete manufacturers produce products and they all operate factories. So what we really said is, for efficiency reasons and success reasons, all that stuff, we ought to focus on selling to our customer base with more veracity than just selling to anybody. And so Troy Richardson put in place a stronger focus on cross-sell. And we're starting to see some, let's say, green shoots, particularly in DPM, Rockwell sold through the Rockwell base, but all the deals we sold really came from the customer base in PTC. That's good. And we think there's something there. So, keep in mind, when we think about IoT and AR in Q3 and Q4, there's a couple of things I want to point out. First of all ARR is a rolling four-quarter metric. So three of the four data points that say what's going to happen in Q3 are already in. And two of the four data points that say what's going to happen in Q4 are already in. So we have some visibility. But now, what we -- what the rest of it hinges on is, bookings churn and backlog or deferred ARR. And so, we're looking at all this stuff. We look at the pipeline, we look at the forecast. We try to estimate bookings. And we don't have a crystal ball. And sometimes we're not perfectly right. But anyway, we have a read on what we think churn will be and that's what we're looking at. And we're confident that that's going to get us to that two handle by the end of the year.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Well, coincidentally Scott Genereux, the Chief Revenue Officer from Rockwell happened to be at PTC today, so I had lunch with him and we talked it over. And the truth is, DPM is a better fit for Rockwell than is ThingWorx as a platform, an IoT platform. And -- so, Rockwell is leaning in and their consulting arm Calypso is really leaning in and PTC is leaning in. So I think there's some promising again green shoots there. We were pleased to see Rockwell participate in DPM success right from the start. And I think, it gives us a better foundation, if you will to build success. It's a better fit for what both PTC and Rockwell are capable of. We're both solution providers. This is a solution versus a platform.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, Jay, you look at this data, you know we have a lot of positions open on one hand. We have attrition on another hand and then we're spending some employees out through this transaction. So it is a little hard to net those out, because it's difficult to pin down attrition and pin down hiring success. But headcount won't go up dramatically here in the context of all that, it will probably be flattish. I mean, as a reasonable approximation. 
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So I think we have tremendous scalability in ecosystem. But just for the benefit of everybody, let's turn the clock back a little bit. If you go back 10 years about a third of our revenue was services. And now it's 9% going to, I don't know, 6% or so as a result of this transaction. And what happened over those years in our quest for margins, which was very successful, we said, let's stop chasing services. Let's give it to the ecosystem. The ecosystem took that differential from us and added 10 times that on their own. So literally the ecosystem is doing billions of dollars of services around our stuff. It's not a one partner. It's in many, many, many partners. With some of them having names like Accenture and Deloitte and Cognos and not Cognos, Cognizant and Calypso and on and on and on many having smaller firms you never heard of. So there's a lot of capacity out there. The thing is these projects we can't just give to a partner, because in the end we're taking the systems into our running system. It has to be done very carefully. We have for many, many years subcontracted work to ITCI. We could have subcontracted these projects to ITCI, but I said, I don't really want that in our P&L, because subcontracted projects tend to have even less margin than projects we do with our own employees, of course, there's two margins there. So rather than build up a subcontracting business, because we didn't really want to go hire all those people, we just entered into this arrangement. It's a great win-win-win. ITCI is happy to grow the services business. That's the business they're in. By the way, they're fundamentally an Indian company. So they have a deep reservoir of access to lower-cost labor in India and that – a lot of these projects will end up being done in India with their Indian capacity. And it will give us the talent, because we're seeding DxP with the best in the industry which are PTC's own services employees. So DxP could have been a joint venture or something like that, could have been a subcontracting approach. We just said, you know, what we're a software company. We want to be high margin, high-growth software, let's PTC focus on that and this is a good way to solve that lift and ship service to pave new problem.
Jim Heppelmann: Well, we've been doing a lot of adoption of Windchill in the cloud that phase one offering. So we're just going to pivot that to Windchill+ now. Windchill+ by the way, so is not just Windchill in the cloud. It's Windchill+ a bunch of things plus cloud plus all the Atlas benefits plus single sign-in across the suite plus our workflow engine, our BPM workflow engine, plus our visualization in the cloud capabilities. So we're really trying to create a differentiated offering in part to help justify the higher price point, but also to make it more attractive to go to the cloud. Just for fun I tell people think of like a first class seat then in an airplane versus a coach seat. It isn't just at the seats bigger. And you wouldn't want somebody to say, well, I want to sit in coach but have a bigger seat at a lower price point. That's sort of like saying could I have a system integrator put my Windchill system into cloud for me? So what we're doing is offering a bundle of things. It's a bigger seat. It's a bigger TV, it's better food. You get to board first. You got plenty of room for your luggage, quicker access to the restroom. I mean, all those stuff that would be associated with a first-class seat and can't be unbundled and bought off a Chinese menu. So that's really what we're doing with Windchill+ and then we're going to follow the same strategy with the rest of the products as we're ready.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. Well, first let me say that most of Arena is sold direct, to be frank, with an inside sales model. So there's not a big outside for us. So what we've really been expanding to drive Arena sales with some success is to globalize that largely inside model. An inside model is a great thing if you can get it to work. And PLM's, particular big PLM systems are kind of complex and we probably require a higher touch model. But with Arena so far so good. We've been able to scale this inside model. And so that's really what we're doing. Now, our resellers are interested in selling it. And I think as Arena goes up market and the deals get more complex, there'll be a need for a higher touch selling process. And yes probably our existing resellers at some point will play a bigger role with Arena and Onshape. But right now, that low touch inside sales model is working and it's a great thing to -- it's a great model to have if you can make it work. And so far it sounds like we might be able to.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. I think that was our last question Matt, right? So thank you all for spending some time with us here today. And Matt tells me, we're going to be very active on the circuit here in the next 90 days. We're going to be at like half a dozen different conferences. I'm going to a few myself and Matt and Kristian will be at others. So we might see you on the road and I hope so I haven't seen a lot of you in a long time. It would be nice to see you face-to-face. And if not, we'll look forward to talking to you again in 90 days. As you can see we really feel good about the business. We've put in place a lot of strategic moves. They're mostly working. We've put in place profitability moves that are working pretty well and that's a good combination to have strong growth and strong profitability, and it bodes well for us, particularly given the resilience of our model in good times and in bad. So, I'll leave you with that thought and look forward to seeing you sometime in the next 90 days. Bye-bye.
