Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. Well, Matt, good catch there. Because, you know, I think it really is ultimately a very large opportunity. But let me be clear, it’s kind of a mid to long-term thing, because we’re really looking at doing kind of a major redevelopment of those properties onto this platform. And You know, the key thing for us would be to optimize for compatibility and continuity. So I sort of – I have an analogy I’ve shared internally many times and probably help with investors as well. You know, if you think of Google Docs, it’s a completely fresh thought, fresh look at, let’s say, Office Productivity Suite. Meanwhile, you had Microsoft Office, which was on-prem. But Microsoft came out with Office 365, which was SaaS, and companies like PTC might have been thinking about whether or not we should go to Google Docs. I mean, many, many do, and particularly new companies, but as companies who have been using Office forever, really do prioritize compatibility of data and user experience, but we like to have SaaS. So you could imagine we could build a product that looks a lot like Creo. But it runs in the cloud and is multi-tenant, but you open up your same old files and you go right back to work with the same old user interface, much like you did with Office 365. Meanwhile, Onshape’s over here are more like Google Docs, unbridled, unconstrained innovation, no legacy, trying to invent the next generation of application. So I think Onshape fights the fight against competitors and Atlas allows Creo and Windchill to bring their customer base with. Again, it’ll take us, I’m going to say a couple of years to do this. You know, I partly tell you, because it’s part of our commitment, I really go to SaaS. It is a long-term monetization effort that’s significant, because while we’ve brought our customers from perpetual to subscription, there’s another and potentially bigger monetization associated with bringing them from on-prem into SaaS. So I’m excited about that. You know, and really, to me, if the Onshape acquisition seemed expensive, I mean, it was, but what people didn’t realize is that we were getting both a breakthrough CAD system, but also a breakthrough CAD platform that will allow Creo and Windchill, you know, to get into that SaaS world years earlier than they would have independently and on a consistent platform. So that is, we bring our customers to SaaS, everything’s knitted together on a common platform as well. So we’re very excited about it. But you know, I want to be clear, it’s not a short-term strategy. I think, though, if you’re looking about – let me just add one more comment. If you’re thinking about, are there any drivers for longer-term, strong growth in CAD and PLM, I would say, yeah, there’s kind of two that have captured my attention. One would be the movement of Creo and Windchill, the SaaS and the second one is something I mentioned which is the digital transformation story around Windchill that’s starting to get more and more traction.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, I think, you know, when I talk to my sales team, and when I spend a lot of time with customers, I think that, you know, in the past PLM followed CAD around, now it’s starting to follow digital transformation initiatives. And what really happens there is, industrial companies say, how could we think about, you know, taken ourselves through a digital transformation that didn’t involve digital product data, you know, being under control and well managed and so forth. So I think like the Navy example, it’s got nothing to do actually with engineering. It’s about a model driven, you know, operation and support paradigm. And it’s got nothing to do with following CAD around. It’s really about how do you use that data to transform the way products are operated and serviced and supported, you know, during the lifecycle out in the field. And that’s a great example of the kind of initiatives we’re hearing more and more about, as people saying that product data could be useful for a lot more than engineering. And if we want to try to do that, you know, this digital threat discussion, reuse it for manufacturing, reuse it for service, potentially use it for sales and marketing. If we want to do that, we got to get it under better control. And Windchill excels at that, you know, it’s already a SaaS and web-based system. And it differentiates well, you know, every single Magic Quadrant report you’ve seen in years Windchill’s way up front, in terms of its, you know, competitiveness, let's say. And I just think that digital transformation has become a real driver.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. And maybe just to add, Andrew. I mean, clearly, Q4 has forever been a seasonally strong quarter for bookings. And so it’s natural that it would be a seasonally strong quarter for backlog as well. So, you know, we start Q4 with kind of seasonally high backlog. And then we’re going to – and some of that new bookings will land in the quarter and some of it will go back in the backlog. So again, what Kristian saying is, the real risk here is calling the timing of it, because how much of the new bookings lands in backlog versus in the quarter? I mean, that’s actually important to the way we report, although it’s actually not important to the – how well the business is doing. You know, the important thing there is, how much business do we go get? So I’d say seasonally, high. But we don’t really want to get into the details and percentages of it.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. So it’s a couple of dozen right now, but it’s a couple of dozen of the best ones, biggest investment. So what we did is, we said, you know, we have hundreds and hundreds of channel partners. But you know, there’s definitely a kind of a tail, let’s say to that. So let’s start with the biggest best ones, the ones who are in best position to invest in new sales capacity, because they’re still selling Creo and, and let’s go ramp them up and see how it goes. So we started that last quarter. And by the way, we thought we would do this someday. But COVID convinced us we should do it right now. Because we just saw the pipeline just blossoming. And we said, you know, we just don’t have the capacity to execute on this. And there’s probably a lot more business that we’re not even finding. So, you know, that’s what we’re doing there, we’re taken a couple of dozen of our biggest and best resellers. They’re ramping up incremental new capacity. And they’re selling Onshape kind of into the lower end segment of the market, typically against SolidWorks. And they’re continuing to sell Creo kind of that’s slightly bigger and more sophisticated customers who, you know, for whatever reason really need that more advanced functionality of a higher end product.
Jim Heppelmann: All I would say is the quarter. You know, I was nervous as we came to the end of the quarter. And it was surprisingly not that stressful. So the quarter ended without a lot of fireworks and without a lot of angst and so forth it was actually quite relaxed. So that just tells me that it didn’t get worse. It probably held together and you know, gives me more confidence looking at the Q4 forecast.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. And let me, maybe just say in Q4, you know, Q4 is always for us, a seasonally strong quarter. You know, we have a hockey stick in Q4. And we’re telling you, we expect Q4 to be down less year-over-year than Q3 was, which means they’re going to go a good step up. And it’s not possible to achieve a good step up in bookings without IoT playing a major role. So there’s a lot of IoT business in our Q4 forecast, certainly a sequential step up. And at the same time, you know, we feel like we’re applying some conservatism there. So what I would say, Kristian said there’s problems in the demand environment, I’d actually say there’s problems in the closing environment, because the demand is high. And so what we need to do in Q4 is called the right close rate. And I think in any case, we’re going to have a sequential step up that’s quite interesting, you know, in the IoT business, and therefore, this probably would be the trough in the in the growth rate of the growth business, ARR growth rate.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, let me take the second question first. I mean, there’s two things simultaneously happening in our relationship with ANSYS. One is, we’ve seen a nice pickup in the first wave of the Creo simulation live. And then as you point out, we’re coming out with another wave of capability around the mainstream simulation suite that is called ANSYS AIM. So, you know, while we’re getting momentum, we’re also now going to broaden the portfolio. And I think we’re optimistic about that. You know, PTC does have some capacity to sell simulation, we just decided we’d rather sell with ANSYS then against them. So I think we have a best-in-class simulation suite now within our CAD environment. And there’s customers certainly are interested in that. So I think that ANSYS partnership will continue to gain traction accordingly. And then, you know, on this Windchill thing, I do think there’s two big things we’re working on right now. And without getting deep in the details, responding to this digital transformation moment, is one of them. And then, although it won’t ship in the near-term, you know, beginning to think about how do you go to a multi-tenant SaaS version or Windchill. We do sell Windchill and SaaS today, but it’s single tenant. And what that means is that we don’t have all the upgrades – all the benefits of regular upgrades, you know, every three weeks, the whole basis is upgraded and so forth. But we’d like to go tackle that problem. We’d like to do I because it represents incrementally more value to the customer. And it represents incrementally more value of the PTC. I mean, frankly, less wasted energy by everybody. Now, in the meantime, some of the things we are working on is even while it remains single tenant SaaS, we could do a lot to make the cost of ownership lower, which would benefit PTC when we provided the SaaS and benefit all those, all those customers who take it as on-premise. So I’d say again, those two things more related to responding to digital transformation moment. And that includes integration with IoT and integration with the Vuforia Suite and stuff like that. And then, you know, preparing both tactically and strategically for a better SaaS future.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, my view, Andrew is that two things are happening simultaneously. Some deals are being blocked, because companies are themselves in crisis mode and that tends to be larger deals. So there’s a headwind for sure, slowing actually down. But then is this tailwind, bringing in more deals that would not have, if not for COVID, probably wouldn’t have been in the forecast, meaning people are talking to us about because of COVID, I’m talking to you. And so we think right now, the headwinds and the tailwinds are cancelling each other out. And we’re basically on plan. However, we think at some point, when the economic fear subsides a little bit. I mean, companies going out of business, don’t buy any software from anybody. But when they stop worrying about going out of business, and they start thinking about going back to business, then we think there’s just the tailwind. And so the real answer is that, PTC has far more confidence in the future of Onshape than with the day we pulled the trigger on the acquisition nine months ago, we just feel like it was a great move both as a CAD tool, and then really something special in terms of this Atlas architecture that’s going to help us in many ways.
Jim Heppelmann: Again, our quarter is back-end loaded, okay. So we don’t close near as much business in June as we do in July. So for us, the risk would be that we didn’t close the business in July, but we did. Actually we landed our forecast came in above the guidance range we gave you. And so to us, July was certainly not worse than June and potentially better, because a back end quarter close more or less as expected.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, okay those are both good questions. So first on the slope, let me just be clear, what we have is a pre-negotiated set of annual expansion options. We’re not calling it a ramp, because they’re not committed, they’re options. Okay, so think of it like a ramp, but without the commitment, therefore, none of it’s in backlog, none of it’s in ARR, none of that stuff. It’s just out there. But they’re pre-negotiated and it’s a pretty steady ramp that would get us from the initial deal, which by the way, the Navy disclosed some information on this. So I’ll tell you, they disclosed that they had set aside $97 million for this contract. And they also disclosed that the first order was a little over $3 million. So think that we got a $3 million ACV order and there’s a series of additional orders, if you added them all together over all the years, you know, plus a little bit of services gets you to that $97 million, they’ve set aside for us. Now, again, just to be clear, we – the project needs to go well or you could imagine scenarios where we don’t get that full ramp. Now, your second question.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay, first two years and then 3.5, right. Fair enough. So two years upfront and then a series of expansion options. Thanks, Kristian. Now, first of all, the Navy doesn't only have ships, they have airplanes. And so there’s Nav Sea, which is the deal we want and there’s there's Nav Air and it’s completely logical that the Navy would use the same system for the airplanes and that would, you know, potentially double it. But then absolutely, we’re going to go pitch the same story to every other branch of the military who operates all these assets and really see if we can't get others to follow so. We think we have something special there. But you know, we’re not going to call anything right now other than put that in the category of the digital transformation tailwind for PLM, because this is not engineering in CAD, it’s digital product models under configuration management, for purposes of operations and support.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, and I think that’s a great question, Rich, because I think the product has matured quite a bit as a great platform to develop and run IoT business applications, okay. But what we’d like to do is have more than pre-developed exactly as you said. We’d like it to be a solution in a way that has the platform in the background if you want it, but you’d really rather buy the solution. You know, I kind of in the industry example that’s a bit dated would be like salesforce.com and force.com. You know what I mean? Like force.com is there, if you bought salesforce.com, but most people really would focus on the CRM system or what have you. So just thinking about that for a minute, we’d like to have more value-oriented, outcome-based solutions that are ready to go. And that’s been a big focus at PTC, we hired a new executive to run that about a year ago now, Craig Melrose you know, a longtime McKinsey manufacturing expert. And so the reason I really like Craig is, he looks at it from a value standpoint. Hey, Mr. customer, what problems do you have? And what value could be created by solving those problems? And then we want to come and say, we have a solution that does exactly that. Let’s not talk about developing anything, it’s ready to go. So that’s what we’re aiming for. Again, I think at the platform level, we now have a very mature system and really we’re focusing now on the solutions. This factory insight as a service is a down payment. But I think you know, in the next one and even two years, you’re going to see us roll out a whole series of very interesting solutions that will change the way we sell. We’ll go back to selling Enterprise Solutions built around the concept of IoT as opposed to an IoT platform you could use to build the Enterprise Solutions, which is kind of the world we’ve been coming from.
Kristian Talvitie: Well, as we’ve said numerous times before, we’re not getting into the specifics around that just but we do have a fair amount of visibility into the ARR. Again, it’s our largest bookings quarter of the year, which does make it a little bit harder to call around the – you know, the line of start dates and how much is actually going to come in this ramp deal. But from a fundamental, you know, how much business are we selling out to the market perspective, I think we feel pretty good about the, you know, about the prospects for Q4. And we feel good about the, you know, the ranges we’ve put out with those caveats.
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah, great, Adam. Good, good question. You know, I think as a general rule of thumb, I think that’s the right way to think about it. And that’s, you know, certainly where we, you know, start with our planning process and we’re in the middle of the planning process right now in any given year, we may, you know, flex that up or down. But over the longer-term, that’s definitely the, you know, the starting point. But again, it can fluctuate a little bit depending on timing and opportunities we see in front of us.
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah, sure. Tyler, good question. You know, again, you know I think that the demand environment still remains a little bit challenging out there. So we’re mindful of that. That said, echoing Jim’s comments earlier, we do have committed backlog, if you will, of ARR coming into Q4, so we would actually expect to see fairly solid ARR performance for the growth business in Q4, just given some of that visibility that we have. Over the longer-term, you know, start looking into next year. I think that part’s still open.
Kristian Talvitie: Well, we have seen China, as an example, has continued to accelerate, which is, you know, good. That’s both a function I think of their economy opening back up a little bit as well as, you know, our subscription model. Customers getting more comfortable with the subscription model in that region as well. You know, I think on a geo basis, we are looking for continued strong performance in Europe and Americas as well, but on a, you know, growth percentage, I think APAC would be the leader.
Kristian Talvitie: Yeah, well, great question, Jay. I think that the, you know, the partner economy is extremely important to PTC. And, you know, that includes the more traditional partners as well as some of the more strategic as we call them alliances we’ve had recently –
Kristian Talvitie: Global system integrators, but you know, again, Rockwell, Microsoft, you know, ANSYS as well. And so, you know, as we look out over multiple years, you know, I think that there is, you know, historically, let me say it this way, historically, the channel contribution has been, you know, mid 20s to kind of 30% of PTC’s overall business and as we look out over multiple years, we think that the opportunity for that is, you know, certainly to push, you know, the high 30s, approaching 40% of the, you know, approaching 40% of the business, you know, over a period of time.
Kristian Talvitie: No, no, no it’s not defense-specific at all. In fact, they’re deploying commercial off-the-shelf software that we actually developed for initially for non-defense customers. So we’re certainly engaged in similar discussions with other customers. And in fact, if you go to the LiveWorx event two years ago, some of you might remember, I was doing a configuration managed augmented reality inspection procedure against the Volvo truck engine. That’s actually the same story, just a particular use case of it. So this definitely could go elsewhere. It’s just of course these military commands operate such large numbers of assets of such high value that they’re you know, really, really interesting if you can win them.
