Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Good question. So we believe that we're taking share with both products because both products are growing double digits. I mean, Creo is growing low double digits and Onshape growing at a multiple of that. So I think we're taking share of them in different parts of the market. Creo is a little bit in the upper half of the market. And today, Onshape is typically a little bit in the bottom half of the market.  They're both, for example, competing against SolidWorks but perhaps at different ends of the SolidWorks base. Creo might be taking customers that have kind of outgrown SolidWorks and Onshape's taking customers that, for example, might feel like SolidWorks is too heavy, too expensive, too complicated, requires a system administrator. They just -- they really like the idea of the pure web-based technology. So both products are doing very well. And in order to sustain that level of performance. Keep in mind for Creo, we're talking 22 quarters, 23 quarters now in a row we've had a double-digit growth rate, one of those numbers right now. You can't do that unless there's something good happening. And I mean, part of it is the business model, we're clear on that. But part of it is we're winning a lot of new orders as well.  Now what would the advent of Creo Plus deal. First of all, it's not yet in the market, but we're launching it at LiveWorx in a couple of weeks. That should be helpful. It should be helpful for two reasons. One is it's more compelling, some of the advantages that are present in Onshape will become present in Creo. Some of the same characteristics.  There won't be -- it won't be exactly like Onshape because it's fully Creo plus is fully compatible with Creo, and that's a fixed requirement. But I think some of the real advantages of always being on the latest version and so forth will accrue to Creo as well. And then second all, we will ultimately lift and shift Creo customers to the cloud, and there will be an uplift there as well. So it's only helpful, it's only helpful.
Jim Heppelmann: Steve, I mean, we had a very good orders quarter and it wouldn't be fair for us to give the details when it's a good strong quarter when we didn't want to give them when it was a softer quarter last quarter. So I mean I think Kristian took you through the guidance changes. In general, we're tracking well. Renewals have been our friend all year. But as Christian said, in the first half, we have a number that doesn't compare too badly to a first half last year that was a record first half.  So I think it's strong, but it is complicated to understand how much is going into deferred and when does it come back out? And by the way, how much is coming out next quarter and the quarter after that, it just requires a level of disclosure that seems a little bit inappropriate for an earnings call. So that's why we're just trying to back off and give you directional commentary on bookings and churn and much more precise commentary around ARR guidance.
Jim Heppelmann: Well, first thing to know, Ken, is there's nothing but goodness in ramp deals. They make it a little bit more difficult for us to predict ARR though because, for example, if we were to get a very large order, I suppose we could take a smaller one that started all at once and go get another order later to grow it. But yes, in that environment, we'd rather take the larger order now with a ramp because it's got the customer locked in, ramps are irrevocable. It's not something Kristian talked earlier about churn, but just to be clear, you can only turn at the end of a ramp, not during one.  So we like the commitment. And if a customer is willing to make a commitment, we want to take it. But it just makes it a little harder for us to predict. And as Kristian said, in Q4, it's really hard because sometimes a ramp in Q2, the first tranche might start in Q3 or Q4. But in Q4, if it's a ramp, anything that's not in Q4 is in the next fiscal year. So that makes it a little tricky to predict. But in general, ramps are great. And we do reward our sales team for getting them, but we also have a strange incentive that they get a little bit more credit for dollars to come in, in the front part of a ramp than they do for dollars to come in, in the back part of the ramp. But they still get credit for dollars that grow as the ramp goes on. So we want the bigger deals, the bigger commitments. And of course, we want them to start as soon as possible and grow as soon as possible. And that's all a point of negotiation with the customers.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Codebeamer is both an upsell and a tip of the spear. So some amount of the Codebeamer success, we're cross-selling from Windchill because Windchill and Codebeamer sold together like the previous product integrity and Windchill frequently were. So we're cross-selling from a windshield position. But for example, in some of these automotive accounts, we don't have a windchill position. And Codebeamer is a very compelling product, and then we'll leave with it.  And we'll see if we get Codebeamer installed. Can we cross-sell from there? I don't know. We haven't had really enough time with it yet. But certainly, we've penetrated some accounts or Codebeamer where we had no significant windchill position, and that's good news.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean I think there's a couple of words that go together here. There's the digital thread idea, which means data created upstream is used multiple times downstream. Then there's the model-based idea, which says, by the way, let's make sure this data is 3D models, not 2D drawing, so model-based digital thread and then closed loop means, let's make sure that things we find in the manufacturing process, for example, using DPM get reflected into changes upstream, either in the product itself or in the manufacturing plan.  And then let's make sure that what we find when the products all the field at the customer site, for example, IoT, smart connected products, that is likewise being funnel back end, ultimately, upstream, maybe into the product, maybe into the manufacturing process, maybe into the service process. But let's have these feedback loops. So I think this concept PTC has of a model-based closed-loop digital thread is very powerful, and I'd say pretty unique. And yes, I'll talk a lot about that at LiveWorx. If I know it will be a kind of theme throughout. So it allows us to cross-sell in a lot of directions. We talked about Codebeamer and Windchill. Well, there's going to be a similar conversation between Windchill and ServiceMax and between ServiceMax and Servigistics and ServiceMax and ThingWorx IoT. So we like this idea of a lot of products that are very compelling could be sold stand-alone as the tip of the spear but then integrated into this digital thread so that they could -- kind of better together. Better together, but you don't have to buy it all. If you want to use ServiceMax with some other PLM system, fine, we know how to make that work. And you have to be that way because it's practical. Customers don't throw out all their technology and switch like stock and barrel.  They look at what they have and they want to systematically over time, upgrade it. And so we get in there, we might win with Windchill and then we might win with Codebeamer, and then we might introduce ServiceMax, and that's kind of how we've built our whole growth story over the last decade is by really perfecting these cross-sell motions.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. Well, great. Thank you, Lisa. And for anybody who has more questions that maybe we didn't have time to get to, please come to LiveWorx, you're going to get lots and lots and lots of information. You're going to get a firehose -- promise. So the real day we have set up for investors is May 16. You're welcome to stay longer, if you want, but that's where we had this sort of investor track that was on the slide.  Otherwise, if you can't come to LiveWorx, there will be a couple of other opportunities to catch us. I know that Kristian, myself and Mike DiTullio, are going to the JPMorgan conference in Boston on May 22. We're hosting a Bank of America roadshow here at PTC on June 5. And then Christian, our Chief Product Officer, Kevin Ren, are participating in the Stifel conference in Boston on June 6. So lots of opportunities to engage us with more questions and get more information across all those different events I spoke of. So thanks for your time today. Really appreciate it, and look forward to talking to you during the course of the quarter or in 90 days as the case may be.
