Kristian Talvitie: Thanks, Jim, and good afternoon everyone. Before I review our results, I'd like to note that I'll be discussing non-GAAP results and guidance and all growth rate references will be in constant currency. Let me start off with a review of our first quarter results. Again this quarter I'm going to keep my remarks brief hitting just some key highlights and ask investors to refer to our press release and prepared remarks document available on our IR website for additional details. Q1 ARR was $1.16 billion, representing 11% year-over-year growth, which is consistent with the guidance commentary we provided last quarter. ARR in our growth product group was up 36% year-over-year and we continue to expect ARR growth to be above market growth rates of 30% to 40% in fiscal '20. ARR in the core, was up 10% year-over-year which was also above market growth and consistent with our outlook for fiscal '20. ARR in FSG was up 1% year-over-year, primarily due to the timing of deals and we expect ARR growth to be in the low to mid-single-digits for FSG for fiscal '20. Total Q1 revenue of $356 million was up 8% year-over-year, despite a 78% year-over-year decrease in perpetual license revenue driven by the end of perpetual license sales on January 1, 2019. Operating margin of 26% increased 200 basis points over Q4 '19 and declined 100 basis points compared to Q1 '19, where we experienced higher than expected perpetual license revenue resulting from the perpetual end of life program. And lastly, non-GAAP EPS of $0.57 increased 5% year-over-year against the perpetual heavy comparison of last year. And as you'll recall, revenue and operating expenses and consequently EPS can be impacted positively or negatively by ASC 606. Major drivers impacting revenue include term length changes and support to subscription conversion. And on the OpEx side, commissions were obviously also impacted. Finally, our Q1 adjusted free cash flow of $12 million was within our expectations and sets us up to achieve our full year guidance. Now turning to the guidance. Beginning with ARR. For fiscal '20, we're increasing our guidance to a range of $1.27 billion to $1.29 billion or 14% to 16% year-over-year growth and 13% to 15% on a constant currency basis. ARR guidance includes approximately $15 million of positive FX and already embedded in our original guidance for the year is approximately $10 million of ARR or 1 point of growth from the Onshape acquisition. Consistent with our prior guidance commentary, we expect Q2 constant currency ARR growth to be in line with Q1 results with ARR growth rates accelerating in the back half of the year. This increase is driven by both normal seasonality of our business and our backlog of deals booked in prior periods. Now turning to adjusted free cash flow. For fiscal '20, we're expecting a range of $260 million to $280 million reflecting the positive FX impact of $5 million. Now turning to P&L guidance. We're now expecting fiscal '20 total revenue of $1.45 billion to $1.53 billion, an increase of $25 million at the midpoint of guidance reflecting our Q1 performance, our outlook for the remainder of the year and approximately $15 million of FX. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be $2.15 to $2.65, an increase of $0.12 at the midpoint of guidance, reflecting our Q1 performance and outlook, and $0.05 of FX. We continue to expect fiscal '20 operating expenses to grow approximately 9% year-over-year. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Hi, Ken, it's Kristian. I think we're not going to get into the quarterly variability, again just given the reporting framework that we have. But I think, suffice it to say that given the guidance that we have for the year we're expecting -- continuing to expect a modest improvement in net retention here in fiscal '20.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Sure, Saket, it's a good question. So, thanks. If we just delve into the mechanics of it, how ramp deals impact ARR, is we will add things to ARR on start date of the contract, right, not book date, start date and in the case of a ramp deal where you have in essence kind of multiple start dates that you have year one of whatever 100,000...
Kristian Talvitie: So the way that that would flow into ARR is, we would take the first five factories worth in year one. And say year two when the next five come -- comes on we would take the incremental five factories. And then in the third year we would take the incremental 10. So that's the mechanics of it. ARR flows in on start date of the contractual commitment. In terms of where we're seeing -- where we're seeing ramp deals. I think...
Kristian Talvitie: We see, I would say more of them in the growth product group, IoT AR, and then we still actually do see some in core as well but to a lesser extent, and to the least extent in any of the FSG products.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Great. So in terms of tracking the capacity, I think we are on track for hiring kind of right where we would like to be at this point given our plan. In terms of the spread, frankly I'm going to have to get back to you on specific details, but the majority is actually still on the core product set which is understandable and the increasing amount on IoT. And then still specialists focused on the various compounds in FSG.
Kristian Talvitie: It gets a little more complicated where you have -- we also have full product line reps, right reps who are focused on major accounts and they sell everything in the bag. So, like how you want to break that out, it will be a little bit complicated.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Sure. So this is Kristian. Let's start with Onshape. Onshape is already embedded in our initial guidance, which we provided last quarter.
Kristian Talvitie: After the acquisition announced, but provided in the initial guidance, so it's about $10 million from Onshape. There is about a $15 million increase from favorable FX as well, and then, just we're now a quarter of the way through the year. And we delivered what we believe were very solid results for Q1 and feel that much more comfortable with the range that we have out there. So in essence, what we did was tighten up the bottom end of the range from 12% to 15% to 13% to 15% and then increase the range from 13% to 15% to 14% to 16% really based on the FX impact. So hopefully that helps.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, it's pretty complicated. And depends again, I'll just remind everybody, it depends a lot on start dates. It depends on term length. It depends on renewal activity, etc. So it's not just term length of new deals but term length of this new deal.
Kristian Talvitie: Which is why we're trying to focus on ARR, which is kind of a much cleaner and a better proxy in that sense, cash generation for the business. And we still continue to expect the growth businesses to deliver north of market growth rates for fiscal '20. We would also expect there to be strong revenue growth attendance of that as well.
Kristian Talvitie: That's correct. Yes, we tightened up the low end of the range and then raised the entire range because of FX. 100% agreed. Then in terms of churn, we continue to see churn in the growth businesses higher than in the core and FSG from a percentage perspective, and we also continue to expect that that will trend down over time. So...
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. So I don't think there's anything notable really to point out there other than those factors remain.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes, sure. So I think we should look at both adjusted free cash flow and free cash flow. And I'll start with just free cash flow first. So we did take the adjusted free cash flow for currency, free cash flow we did not. And just highlighting we put it in the prepared remarks, but when we put out the initial restructuring estimate for the year that was based on an estimate -- current estimates actually have that about $5 million higher. So that actually offsets favorable currency impact on free cash flow. For adjusted free cash flow, we did raise that by $5 million, which again is largely the FX impact. And what I would say here is, it's just early in the year and we're just being prudent. Of course, we will revisit this as we continue to move through the year, but that's the answer.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So we're sort of mid-teens and we think over the five years that will slow to 8%. Now that's based on a number of factors. One thing is our renewal rates in PLM are very high. This is very, very sticky software, and relative to the base of ARR, we're selling a lot of it. So we're really in a strong good situation where there is strong demand because of digital transformation. Our product is ranked number one by every analyst report I have ever seen. And so we're in a good strong position where we get a chance to meet that demand with our product and high renewal rates and that's bodes well for a long time to come.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I think, there have been pendulums for sure. And one of the strong upswings was when PTC who at that point had a CAD footprint brought PLM into the picture and cross-sold a lot of PLM to the CAD audience. Now, I think what's happening this time is a couple of different drivers. One is, we're doing a lot more engineering in the manufacturing data transformation. We have the software module of our PLM system called MPM link as in manufacturing process management and it's used to convert an engineering design and an engineering bill of material into a manufacturing process design and instructions, and the manufacturing bill of material in a very systematic configuration managed sort of way, so that if somebody later decides to change the engineering design, we can pinpoint what they need to update in the manufacturing process very quickly. And if the engineering design is highly configurable. Well, it turns out so as the manufacturing instructions and the MBOMs. So today we're selling a lot into that, that's become a new driver, an incremental new driver. And then the other thing is customers are really realizing for example, this augmented reality technology which we have best-in-class, customers love it. It's selling like crazy. That stuff needs configuration management of its content. So a lot of customers and I'm thinking of a great big -- I won't name them, because it didn't -- I didn't ask if I could, but a great big truck company in Europe really is excited about our AR technology and what its produced is a PLM project. Because they say, all right, that's great. But we'll never really be able to do augmented reality without configuration management of the content. So let's go do this broader PLM project. So I think that's another driver. I put that one also in kind of the digital transformation category. So I think there is definitely an upswing, but it's really brought by people saying how could you have a digital transformation strategy without having the digital descriptions of your products and manufacturing processes under control. It's silly to even talk about that. So I think this is definitely produced the tailwind that's generating momentum for PLM.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I think, what normally happens here at PTC maybe elsewhere, but here at PTC when we launch a business, a new business, it gets traction first in the US and then over time it gains more and more traction in Europe and APAC. And so I think that's just a natural way that these businesses develop, and we see it happening here. So a lot of times they get stronger first in the US and then without the US necessarily weakening, Europe and Asia have come on stronger a little bit later. That's what I would attribute that to.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean another way to look at it would be to look at sales productivity which would be lowest in the growth business, because growth, you're bringing on a lot of new capacity. And it's doing a lot of land and expand deals and so forth. It would be significantly higher in the core and maybe even higher yet in the Focus Solution Group.
Jim Heppelmann: But a basic takeaway would be that capacity is over represented for the growth business right? Which is what we need to do to deliver the growth. And you go back to the hiring thing, I can certainly understand where that question comes from? You should know we after about a year ago when we did get behind capacity, we changed the way we looked at this. We used to think of capacity as being a fiscal year thing and now we think of it really is every quarter. So it's not like this year, we have this many heads. But it's more like a constant, every quarter we need to be bringing on more capacity, so that we don't end the year and then have a big step function of capacity we have to ramp going into the next year. So I think our processes are vastly improved in this area.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I think the first thing we focused on was to make sure that the Onshape customers felt that it was a good thing that PTC acquired Onshape, just even if they stop there. And I think we've been very successful there. The messaging, we put out there was very supportive of Onshape and its importance to our future strategy. And of course CAD is very sticky software that companies tend to use for a lot of years. So if you're using Onshape you want to make sure it's in a sustainable place, so that you don't end up finding it's being shut down some years down the road or something like that. You've got to go find a new CAD system. So I think the general message was well received that Onshape has a great home within PTC. That's been a big success. Now as it goes to cross-sell, I mean, honestly it's too early. I do have a few anecdotal stories, but not enough to really draw any meaningful conclusions. But I would say this, we certainly think there are complementary use cases. For example, we're going to bring our AR technology close to Onshape, actually use much of the Onshape platform and that will make that an easy cross-sell. And then we're off exploring coexistence strategies with Creo and Windchill as well so that we could both upsell from Onshape to Creo, Windchill and Vuforia, but also cross-sell in those accounts to bring Onshape in for peripheral or let's call it edge use cases. So it's too early, though, to be honest. I'm very optimistic, but we've only owned it for about two months and we're past the phase where people are looking for the bathroom, although we had to start over this week when they move to the headquarters. But I mean it's just -- it's honestly too early.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, I think, you have to think about it as we're trying to connect the physical and digital worlds together like in our logo, right. And IoT is one form of connection and AR is another. And when you connect them together, you can then have AR experiences that contain IoT data, meaning I can use AR in the physical world to tell you about the physical world because I know about the physical world, thanks to IoT. So these are definitely piece in the pod. It is a wonderful beautiful combination. The products are very well integrated. In fact, if you remember, for a while, we call the Vuforia Studio, ThingWorx Studio, but these are very complementary technology and what's really great, they are both best-in-class and there is no other IoT company who has AR technology and there is no other AR company who has IoT technology. So this is a very compelling story and it's completely unique to PTC.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Okay. So yes, let me say, first of all, the PMI is what it is, it's not in a good place and yet, we're in a good place. So clearly something has changed and I would submit that two things have changed. Number one, we've changed our business model and metrics and we're a recurring revenue company versus a perpetual, and I want to come back to that. And then number two, we have a growth business and as many growth businesses are, they're not cyclical, they are secular. Companies want to do digital transformation even when they're laying off workers. In fact, they might even connect those strategies together. So I think the secular piece is very important, but frankly it's overwhelmed by the business model change. And so if we go back to the great recession of 2009, let's review what happened at PTC. We had a perpetual stream of licenses and we had a recurring stream of maintenance. The bottom fell out on the economy. The perpetual license sales declined, if I remember correctly 32% in 2009. And what happened is the maintenance stream, which had been growing mid-single-digits, basically went flat. And in 2010 it actually went down 2% and after that it grew every year since. So what happened actually is the effect on a recurring revenue stream is very much muted. And you can see this in the sensitivity analysis we gave you some quarters ago, where we showed you that for every 5 points that bookings drop, it would only bring ARR down 1 point. So if bookings dropped 30%, it would put 6 points of pressure on ARR, but that would be 2009 all over again. So we're in a situation where actually bookings aren't dropping. They're going up, because of the secular thing. And therefore, ARR is going up with it. So I just think the days when PTC was highly correlated to PMI are simply behind us.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I can take part of that, because I've commented on this many quarters and it's always in many recent quarters it's been in the 60% some range of bookings was from expansions. So again, we've been following a land and expand model, which is a beautiful thing when you get it to work and I think ours is really starting to work, because you have a lot of accounts out there that you've sold, and they haven't contributed much to revenue, but then they come back and expand, and the expansions are really interesting. And they may come back several tranches of expansion. So that's been happening. We have many IoT and AR customers in particular who have come back one or more times for expansions. And I think I need to defer to Kristian, if you can talk at all -- explain the correlation between bookings and revenue growth rates. I think it's complicated.
Jim Heppelmann: Could I just interrupt; the real question is it revenue but revenue recognition. So you get a booking, maybe you can recognize it maybe you can't, maybe it starts next month, which means next quarter. Maybe it's a ramp deal. So, yes, it is a murky correlation between bookings growth and revenue growth.
Jim Heppelmann: Transaction size, exactly. Yes, I mean average deal size in the growth business, I'd have to check because while we're getting more big deals, we're also getting more small deals. So I'm not convinced -- I don't have the data in front of me, but my intuition would be ASP is actually not changing much. But of course, the business is growing fast. And then in any case it would generally be smaller than the core business because of this land and expand motion that we adopted in the growth business and didn't really adapt so much ever in the core business. So the core business tends to be bigger transactions, although there is a lot of add-ons of modules here and there, but PLM for example would tend to have larger ASPs because there is not really a land and expand model.
Jim Heppelmann: Well, I definitely think it's important to our IoT customers. It's too early to know if it would cause our business to grow faster or not, but certainly in factories, people want to adapt 5G to have high-speed, low latency wireless communications for their machines and their Augmented Reality devices and so forth. So it's definitely important and I can tell you, we are engaged in discussions with several different 5G partners. I think one of them might end up being a big sponsor of LiveWorx. And I see it at this point as an ecosystem play, which is I want to make sure that 5G companies help promote our IoT technology and that our IoT technology can create opportunities for 5G companies and so forth. I think it's too early to say it's accelerator, but it's definitely important.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So I think expense growth has a little bit to do with timing of Onshape right, as we only had a couple of months in the quarter. So we didn't have a full quarter's worth of Onshape. And then there is the kind of normal hiring plans. And we do have some back end loading to that hiring.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. We're seeing actually relatively strong demand for IoT factory projects. Because I think in the downturn, people are looking for efficiency and taking a dumb factory and making it smart ought to make it most people would believe 5%, 10%, 15% more efficient and across the level of spend that people have in their production processes, those are very big numbers. So IoT demand is good. And then I'd also say PLM demand is good. I mentioned a truck company. There is another big European automotive OEM where we're working on some big PLM projects and probably looking at an expansion on that to the next phase pretty soon and so forth. So I think the PLM is really coming from digital transformation and IoT is coming from, let's try they find more productivity in our factories. I would say CAD, not so much probably. Probably we're not getting a lot of demand on the CAD front right now but good demand for PLM and IoT.
