James Heppelmann: Yes, sure. Well, the biggest piece of news, of course, was Rockwell acquiring Plex for $2.2 billion or so. So I would say first of all, everybody should know that Plex is 100% complimentary to PTC, we have never ever competed with Plex at all. And, in fact, new Plex is pretty well, because it's run by Bill Berutti, who's one of my better friends in life and reported to me for a dozen years or so. So, Plex is a great company. We know who they were, we kind of had decided that wasn't quite the right fit for us to acquire. But actually, we're pleased to see Rockwell acquire them. And I think there's actually some opportunity for synergies between what Plex does and what PTC does. You might almost think that Rockwell's adding Plex in a way from my perspective to the innovation suite we build together. So I don't see any conflict at all. I think Rockwell will be probably sharing some attention cycles with Plex that maybe had been previously committed to PTC, so we'll have to see how that plays out. But in general, Rockwell is an important partner, they won a Partner of the Year award after they acquired Plex. So I think that the partnership is important. It's sort of built into the business as we run it today, and I don't see anything dramatic changing there going forward. There was also a question somebody else asked me, is Rockwell going to sell their PTC shares? And I would say you probably should ask Rockwell, but certainly they have not suggested to us they're going to and I think their public announcement said they were going to fund the Plex acquisition with new debt and cash on hand.  So I don't think anything really changes in the relationship other than something new came in and on one hand, it's bringing new capabilities that might help us against competitors collectively, and on the other hand we'll have to share attention cycles with it. So that would be my thought there Saket.
James Heppelmann: Yeah, so you're probably referring to some activity between Autodesk and Altium, I'm guessing. So Altium is one of three main printed circuit board designers -- software companies. And then of course, there are other companies that provide integrated circuit software. The integrated circuit software really doesn't have a touch point with our world of CAD and PLM, but the printed circuit board design software does. We have a partnership with Altium. I'd like to find ways to strengthen that partnership, I don't really see us trying to acquire them. For one thing, we'd have to top Autodesk price which I don't know that we're in the mood to do. And then secondarily, I don't think they want to be acquired. So I feel like there's a good opportunity there for us to do more in the partnership, both on one hand with Onshape and Arena, which are a nice fit in the lower part of the market with Altium, but also with Creo and Windchill, which are also a nice fit. So there are many Creo and Windchill customers who put circuit boards in there, otherwise mechanical products. And the same would be true of Onshape and Arena. So there's lots to do there in terms of a partnership, I don't see us trying to acquire them in the near term, given the circumstances, as I know them, We did make a small eCAD acquisition of actually a company called ECAD MCAD. But it really was a very small VL and it really was at the interface of ECAD and MCAD, it was not ECAD capabilities, but it was the ability to import in real time synchronizes between an MCAD product, like Onshape and an ECAD product like Altium. So it's actually going to prove useful in some of the integration activities that we want to do.  But anyway, Altium is a good company, I'm perfectly happy if they remain standalone. And we PTC you know, look forward to strengthening our partnership, because there's lots of synergy on both sides of that partnership.
James Heppelmann: Yeah, I think there's a lot of companies exploring it, trying it out, doing what ifs and proofs of concept. And frankly, they get some pretty good results. But you know, it is a very different way of doing engineering, we always thought of computer aided design, but actually, the computer wasn't so much aiding the designer, it was just simply documenting the ideas. But this really is computer aided design, where the software is providing ideas to the engineer, as opposed to just capturing the engineer's ideas.  That's a different process that people wrap their head around, I'll follow AI around. But like I said, the results are pretty spectacular sometime. So there's definitely a lot of interest. I think it'll take a while to mainstream, but certainly, it's going to be a wave of growth in mechanical CAD over the next five years. I don't think it will come on super strong in the near term.
James Heppelmann: Yeah, well, if you look at scale, Jason about 75% of that growth segment in terms of scale as IoT. IoT is a much bigger business because we started bit sooner and really had a lot of success with it. So, in a way, right now, as IoT goes, it has a big influence on the overall performance of the overall gross segment. So most of the slower growth was in IoT and most of it is still related to hangovers from COVID. So if we kind of look at what's happening on the sales front with IoT, I mean, sales have improved year-over-year, they're still not back to where we want them to be. But in general, what we're seeing is a good quantity of deals, but smaller deal sizes, which I just attribute really conservatism around people doing IoT projects in factories, and in general as they come back to speed following COVID. You might remember to that, we mentioned clearly at the beginning of the year that we had a 2 point headwind to growth, in our deferred, what we at the time called backlog, but deferred ARR was a 2 point headwind. Well, a lot of that headwind landed in IoT, because that's the place where our sales were softest, last year. So some of that is now coming home to roost.  Now it's not just what we sell in the quarter, but it's how much backlog did we also take advantage of maturing in the quarter, and that's another pressure that we'll work our way out of as we kind of round trip to COVID impacts of the back half of fiscal '20 and the front half of fiscal '21. Let's say mostly in fiscal '20.
James Heppelmann: Okay, Andrew, those are good questions. So first of all, when I use the term enterprise, I was using it as defined by the Onshape team, which generally means an account would take 15 seats or more. It's kind of a small definition of enterprise, for the rest of us at PTC, but that's their definition. So I would say the definition of enterprise used by Onshape is a medium size company, and the commercial business is small companies.  Now, I would tell you that it's just a different buying market. And our Creo software and our Windchill software for that matter, does not participate effectively in the market where Onshape and Arena are making hay right now. So it's all complimentary. And in fact, honestly, we're borrowing a page from the so strategy of 20 years ago when they had SolidWorks in the mid-market and CATIA and ENOVIA in high end of the market. And those two products prospered side by side for 20 some years until they both do a bit old retired.  But it's a strategy that works its market segmentation. And so I don't think that you're going to see Onshape and Arena, put a dent into Creo and Windchill because amongst other things, Creo and Windchill are adopting the SaaS technology called Atlas that makes Onshape so special. So when Onshape stealing larger accounts, it's basically by and large stealing them from SolidWorks. And then cherry picking a few others here and there, but they're starting to get some accounts whose brands you recognize, you might remember we had Garrett Turbo present at an investor day, I believe it was, that's a pretty large company who went from CATIA to Onshape. And really went for all the qualities of SaaS that they love. And of course ease of use and other things of Onshape.  So I think Onshape is an attractive product, it needs to mature more before it really could be a viable replacement for the high end products, generally speaking, but I think it'll start to pick of a lot of medium size accounts and an occasional larger account, who may be is over served by the more expensive, more complicated technology they're otherwise using. 
James Heppelmann: Yeah, well Rockwell as a reseller has been growing and growing and growing, and most of that reselling is in the field of IoT and AR, let's be clear on that. And we have many other resellers, but they're largely in CAD and PLM. So Rockwell has become an important reseller for sure of IoT and AR, and I don't see that ending. When I talked to Blake, about how this fits in with his strategy even post Plex.  Blake says, Hey, I need an IoT platform, I need an AR platform, I even want to have a CAD and PLM platform available to me when required, because his competitor, Siemens has that stuff, but not all of IoT and AR, but some IoT and lots of CAD and PLM. So, we remain important to Blake and there's nothing he acquired in the Plex acquisition that supplants any of the capabilities that PTC brought up in the Factory Talk innovation suite.  So I think its Blake and Rockwell strategy, as I understand it, to add Plex to what they're already doing with PTC. And I don't have any issue with that whatsoever, because I think it's complimentary and like I said, maybe even some upside opportunities. I just noted that we're going to be sharing some mindshare with Rockwell, who now has kind of another child in the family let's say, that's going to need some attention too. So I don't think it's going to materially change our partnership.
James Heppelmann: Okay, great question. So first of all, we're very pleased with the performance of Arena, it has, in fact, accelerated since required. Now, there are several things we're doing that I feel like, aren't fully in the game yet. One of them is a link to Onshape. And in fact, we've built some technical integration between the two products, which is easy to do, because they're both SaaS base. And that technical integration is generated some rave reviews from customers.  And if you think about it, any customer who wants SaaS for PLM, they have the religion, and they really want SaaS for everything, including CAD, and vice versa. So we do think there'll be some cross selling there. That might that benefit might accrue more to Onshape in the near term, because Arena accounts tend to be a little bigger, like wanting to see CAD accounts, that might not need PLM. But arena accounts could generate a fair number of KNCs [ph] 15 or more.  So I think there'll be some benefit in both directions, it might help Onshape first, but then the thing we can really do for Arena is to globalize the sales force, because Arena really is a U.S. based business, a tiny bit of business in Europe, and essentially none in Asia other than sometimes an American company might have some users nature, but they're not Asian companies. So we PTC, of course, are much more globally balanced and we have the capabilities to help them kind of spread their operation around the world pretty quickly. And that's underway and as I mentioned, we opened the European and sales operation.  By the way, arena and Onshape both have basically inside sales go-to-market operations, they don't have sales reps, all over the place, you still need a European operation and the right time zones and all that but it's a cost effective go-to-market model, as opposed to kind of a PTC larger accounts where we have outside reps living in all the different countries around the world next to the customers and so forth. So I think we're going to be able to generate some acceleration for Arena to even higher levels next year. But we still need to plan all that out, but we certainly have something to work with.
James Heppelmann: Well, I think if you look at any ARR scream at PPC, its growth rate is a function of bookings, churn, but also start dates, backlog, price increases, and so forth. And again, where IoT has been held back is kind of in deal sizes on new bookings. And in sort of a softer, what we used to call backline -- backlog now called deferred ARR. So, when we look though, at the pipeline, the forecast, I mean, we feel pretty confident and it looks pretty good. So I think we're going to end the year on a strong note, I certainly expect that based on the forecast on the pipeline. And I think we're in better position going forward in the next year. Bookings certainly are up year-over-year. Like I said, just not back to where we want them to and that's more deal size than transaction count.
James Heppelmann: Yeah, well, this is not going to be a big bang approach, it’s going to be kind of a systematic module by module approach, and then in the end, we'll have it all replatform. But if you look at what we did with the generative design extension, that's a good model to explain what we're trying to do. And that is, we want to be able to take key subsystems from Creo, Windchill in particular, and build them on Atlas, and deliver better value, more capabilities, better cost profile to customers through SaaS, and then take another module.  And so a customer might incrementally buy more and more SaaS from us over time and we envision this taking a few years. And then at some point, just flip the switch and see, I'll just take it all the SaaS. So again, don't think of it as Big Bang, think of it as incremental. Yes, it's a big development effort.  The good news is, we're not trying to invent the platform, we're replatforming onto, that platform has been under development for seven or eight years for the Onshape guys, that's Atlas, and it's a fantastic platform, I mean, really great. So I feel like time will tell but in the end that Onshape we're going to get a really great SaaS base CAD system, but we're actually probably going to get something even bigger, which is the singular platform that powers PTC's next generation of software that's going to breathe another decade or so of growth into our Creo and Windchill product lines.
James Heppelmann: Yeah, Matt, well, there's an interesting -- it's a good question and the interesting survey we do, where we reach out to our Creo and Windchill customers and test their receptivity towards SaaS and that receptivity expanded dramatically over last year, I mean, like, from a minority to a very strong majority of them are saying, I want SaaS.  Now, if you think about it, Creo and Windchill are very sticky products. So they're saying like, I want SaaS, but I don't want to switch because switching CAD systems, especially when you're a big user of a high end CAD system, and you've got years and years' worth of data. I mean, that's a project. But if I could, within Creo go to SaaS, that'd be wonderful. If within Windchill I could go to SaaS, that'd be wonderful.  Now, why did they want to go to SaaS? Well, they realize first of all, a mobile workforce and everybody have some hybrid working office strategy going forward. The thing is if the software, if your CAD software, for example, runs on a big desktop computer in the office, well then how do you work from home? Do you set up another big desktop computer at home? And then how do you shuffle the files back and forth. I mean, it's just hard, it'd be better if all this data was never on the desktop, it was always in the cloud, same with the application.  So for example, during the COVID, initial shutdowns Windchill worked great, because Windchill is web based and the data actually is in some web server somewhere. So you just go home and you jump on whatever computer you have there, even a phone or tablet and you log into your web browser and you're doing Windchill stuff.  Creo and everything like a Creo in the market, it's a different story. That's a big what we'd call a fat client executable. Typically, with a whole bunch of modules installed, typically integrated to other software on that same computer, it might be simulation, might be cam software, whatever. So there's a whole ecosystem of software set up on that computer, how do you recreate that at home, it's hard. And there's licensing obstacles and whatnot.  So a lot of people did, is they used virtual desktop infrastructure that is from a computer at home, you logged into the computer at work, ran the software on the computer at work and pipe the user interface onto the computer at home. If you did that, it really makes for a pretty crappy workday. This is not really the way to do things like CAD, CAD is optimized for graphics performance and so forth. And all that optimizations completely lost when you're piping the display across the internet.  So you really want something that's designed to never put the data in and ideally, don't put the application on the desktop computer in the first place, because if it's not there, that means you can move around. So with Windchill you can move around, but people like to offload more of the cost. These are complex systems. So mobility is one thing they want, work from anywhere, anytime, work from the office, three days of work, a week work from home two days a week. But the second real thing is cost. They'd like to get rid of the system administrators, they'd like to get rid of the servers, file servers, there's a lot of costs tied up in that stuff. And they're saying, if you guys could just let me pay for the value I get for the software and not for an infrastructure and the care and feeding of it would be great.  A third thing we talked about is real time collaboration. Again, CAD systems are kind of based on the premise of check-in and check-out that means I'll take the file, lock it, so you can look at it, but you can't change it until I declare I'm done changing it. Well, there's a lot of IP in one file and a lot of times people are saying, well I cannot. Any other kind of software, I'm used to, we're working in the same stuff at the same time, how come I can't do that with CAD, again, you can with SaaS.  So I can go on, there are more qualities that are important to people. But let's just say what Creo and Windchill customers really want is all the benefits of Onshape and Arena without switching from Creo and Windchill. And that's what we're trying to bring to them.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I think what's really come into light, it always was true, but it's really much more appreciated now, is that PLM is the system of record for products. So PLM, in an industrial company, it's absolutely as important as your CRM system, which is the system of record for your customers, or your HR system for employees, or whatever.  So, when companies think I really want these processes to be digitized and mobile, you become mobile and global and in all that. You realize, we need a reliable source of product data that everybody in engineering, manufacturing, service, marketing, sales, whatever can transact against. So we need one single system and we all need access to it. And so we're starting to hear that more and more that it's not about making the engineer's more efficient, which was kind of the first generation of PLM. This is more about making sure that everybody across the company has access to the right product data, because everybody is making decisions about products, pricing them, selling them, supporting them, manufacturing them, and we need to have accurate data and it needs to be two clicks away.  And that's what PLM is, now being recognized as the system of record for products and industrial companies can't get very far down the journey of digital transformation without saying, hey, shouldn't we have a system of record for our products? I mean, honestly, they are product companies. So I think PLM is really emerging into something different. Quick example would be that maybe contract we won, it's about product support, it's about everybody supporting ships, having access to data of all ships in the systems they contain, support data.  And so we're using PLM concepts to support the operation of ship, not the engineering of manufacturing, but actually, the operation of ships that were engineered, manufactured years ago. And it's kind of a good example of digital transformation versus engineering productivity.
James Heppelmann: Okay, so first on the priorities, Jay, I don't have those lists in front of me, and I hate that off the top my head, try to represent them all back to everybody. But what you should think of is, there are large engineering teams behind these products. In the case of Creo, 400 plus people working on it. In the case of Onshape, not near that many, because it's smaller tighter product, yet younger product. But there's room with the level of resources we have in these products, to have four or five priorities, that's down from 20 or 30 that they would otherwise do, they're trying to narrow down and focus on the key ones.  So I think we have the capacity to execute four or five initiatives at a time in both of these products. We can't execute 10 or 20, but certainly four or five big ones. And I guess you were wearing your hat as a partner that day on that conference. But we're just trying to share with our partners where we're going what we think is important, and frankly where we think the money is. So that's what's going on there.  With respect to Microsoft and their manufacturing cloud. There's a lot of conversations going on between PTC and Microsoft about how to align PTC with that manufacturing cloud, they want us to, we want to, it's just a question now of figuring out what to do to make that happen. The fact that our former Chief Strategy Officer, Kathleen Mitford, just went over there is actually quite helpful, because Kathleen and I are quite close and we've had some conversations since she's gone over there. And she's now able to help me, let's say, coach me, and I'm building culture to make the company’s better aligned together.  So there's a lot of good stuff happening with Microsoft, again, three Partner of the Year awards. I think the manufacturing cloud will be good for us. But there's some work to figure out, once they put it out there, how do we tightly align with it.
