Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So first again, I want to remind you we had record sales in Q4. So while we saw some minor slowdowns, we also saw strength that more than offset in other places. But you know to answer your question, in China you know it’s really COVID, it’s geopolitical, it’s all those kind of things and China is 5% of our business, so we don’t have a lot of exposure there. In Europe it tends to be smaller companies, who are themselves battening down the hatches and they are trying to kick the can down the road and get a little bit more insight into what’s going to happen to the economy. But I mean I know this is a general question for everybody, so let me elaborate a little bit.  It’s a funny time, because you know on one hand you have the PMIs coming down and normally that slows down our bookings, but it hasn’t here. We certainly read the papers like the rest of you do, but we also have customers everywhere who can’t keep up with demand. I mean, we have a customer visit center here at PTC on the 17th floor, and it was completely packed today. We had six day-long meetings going on in parallel. We only have the capacity for six. I’m on the board of an automotive supplier and recently we were reviewing the IHS forecast, and IHS is forecasting the auto industry to grow 2% to 6% next year. We’re a big supplier to the defense companies. In fact, two of the companies that were here today were defense companies, and they can’t keep up with the volume and you know their customers are asking for more and more and more.  I was in Europe last week and I visited a couple of clean energy companies, and again, because of what’s going on in the energy industry, whether it’s clean energy or not clean energy, there’s a lot of action happening. You know people who used to ship gas through pipelines now need to ship it through ships and so that creates a whole bunch of new demand. For example, big compressors that sit on ships, we have a customer who makes those.  I visited a wind turbine company and they think their sales are going to triple over the next 10 years, because of their desire for clean energy. I went to a truck company, and they can’t keep up with demand for diesel trucks, meanwhile they have enormous demand for electric trucks, because all these e-commerce companies, Amazon, Target, whatever, really want their packages delivered in electric vehicles and so all these fleets are trying to move to electric. So I’m just saying Steve, like there’s the headlines and then there’s everything else we see and the everything else really is quite encouraging. But we’re trying not to be Pollyanna; we’re trying to be aware of the headlines that could in fact impact us, so we tried to model it in.
Jim Heppelmann: No, no. I think we’re – if you look at our guidance scenario, the best case shows a substantial slowdown in bookings momentum, and the worst case shows a substantial decline in bookings. And that would have to happen somewhere and I could imagine it would start in SMB globally and work its way into bigger accounts.  So we’re giving you a guidance range that the entire range is well below sort of the level of performance we’ve had for a while now, and again, it’s really just based on conservatism. There’s not a lot of science though behind it, because like I said, there’s no science, there’s no data actually that supports taking the range down that low. It’s just being prudent because of everything we read and everything we hear.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, thanks Angela. So listen everybody, I’m sorry we didn’t give more time for questions today. We had a lot of content. We allowed Kristian to spend a little bit of time on an accounting lesson there, because you know we think people are going to ask the question, ‘how do you get a 35% free cash flow growth of flat revenue and flat margins?’ And the simple answer is revenues noise. Free cash flow at PTC is based on ARR and we have substantial increases in our free cash – you know our cash contribution margins against growing ARR. So the math works, but we want to make sure you understood that, so it didn’t leave lingering questions. But anyway, we’ll hopefully see most of you or all of you in two weeks when we have our Investor Day. We’ll go a little bit deeper into the business strategy as I said, and then we’ll get into some mid-term guidance. You know we’re going to guide fiscal ‘23, ‘24 and ‘25. And again, I don’t want to preview that content now, but I think it’s a positive story. You probably can sense that we feel good about the business. So thanks a lot for your time. Sorry, we didn’t have more time for questions, and you know we look forward to following up with you in two weeks or in whatever forums and venues happen before that. Thanks a lot.
