Andrew Miller: Yes. So the - fundamentally, it's because of the, frankly, movements in prepaids and deferreds. But the bottom line is the way to get to that free cash flow reduction, our rule of thumb is every point of subscription mix reduces revenue by $4 million. And every point of more subscription mix, we raised it 300 basis points, that's the $12 million. You really have to go into - because of our timing, Q4 was - you know what I mean, but that's the fundamental reason.
Andrew Miller: Yes. To add to that, we brought a new channel leadership about 3 years ago from, frankly, our competitor. And they have been maturing the channel every single year, as well as working with the channel to add more sales headcount. And so that's a big driver. At the same time, we've refocused - you'll recall that we've increased the segmentation of our sales force going after our enterprise customers to make sure we had people who were CAD sellers that were - appropriate number of them to go after the opportunity there. And that, I'd say, is the other effort that has driven results. It's very much, I think, an execution on the go-to-market side at this point.
Andrew Miller: Yes. Even for our largest customers, I would say they're early in their IoT journeys if you think of where they want to be in 5 years' time.
Andrew Miller: So let me address those. Because we have - Jim talked about the fact that we're introducing new conversion programs. So as we've been mentioning over the last couple of months, we were doing conjoint market and pricing analysis to identify, frankly, how could we provide something in our subscription offer that was of value to customers. And we did that both separately for the channel and our enterprise customers, very much focused actually on CAD for the channel. And those studies came back that there is a substantial opportunity for both. So in the channel program, what we found was that there were basically 4 modules that we don't sell very much of that customers would be willing to convert to subscription and pay a premium over what they've been paying for maintenance if they had the option to get the 3 of 4 of those. So you can see a program, there's - we're not introducing a stick program for the channel, it's all carrot. You can see a program where you get the benefits of subscription, the flexibility, things like that. You get - and you get these technical capabilities, these modules that they didn't have before, and you can pick any 3 of 4. And for that, the studies shows we should get 15% to 25% more. And that, frankly, more than half our channel customers would be interested in that over time. In the enterprise space where we don't have a stick, we also did some pretty sophisticated pricing studies. And what we found was that customers actually want a conversion program that's a good, better, best program. And in the good program, they'd be willing to pay 15% more than their maintenance. They don't get restacked, so that will be perfect if you have the perfect configuration of software today. But you get the other flexibility benefits, you get remix and things like that. In the better program at a 25% premium, you get improved customizable e-learning, you get a higher level of support - advanced support, I think, we call it, and you get restacked, and that's worth 25% more for them like-for-like. And then there's a 35% best program, where you frankly get an even higher level of support and higher level of e-learning and a few other things. So you'll see us introduce a good, better, best conversion program in our core enterprise customers where we don't have a stick. One thing I will share though in that one, just under half were interested today in a conversion. There are still customers who are afraid that if they give up their perpetual license, then they're going to give something up. Now I think that'll change over time, but that's where it stands today based upon our market studies.
Andrew Miller: Yes. We know that others have seen a perpetual buy right at the end. So we could see one, which of course would mean, in that quarter, it could mean our subscription mix is a little bit less. But frankly, that's fine.
Andrew Miller: So actually, there's technical rules. Number one, there's technical rules about how you do a cash flow statement that if things don't always hug the balance sheet. But the other reason there is we disclosed this in our Qs that back in the - I think it was the '90s, the company thought they would have a DSO metric that was reasonable. DSOs, you take your daily revenue, you take your revenue divided by the number of days and that's your denominator, and your numerator is your AR. But because there were so much deferred revenue that wasn't - that was still AR, it will make AR look like it was a ridiculous number. So to get it apples-to-apples, what they did was they take that deferred revenue amount and they move it out of AR into other assets. And so frankly the bottom line is, is it's really - what you see in the cash flow statement is the cash impact in deferred revenue in the quarter. There's a big piece of it that isn't collected yet, you know what I mean? It's still sitting in receivables. In this case, it's sitting in other current assets. The other option we could've done back 20 years ago was we could have actually added the deferred revenue to the revenue and divided it by 91 days in a quarter to get a daily basis and compare that to receivables. So it was all meant to get an apples-to-apples comparison. You get the same DSO number pretty much no matter how you do it. But anyway, we can take it offline, but it's a complicated thing the company has been doing for 20 days - 20 years.
Andrew Miller: Yes, I'm going to plant on giving you anything, that's our current targets that we laid out in November. We haven't done our business planning for next year. We're doing - Kepware is the one area where we've not gotten subscription traction. And so given the fact that despite our attempts, people still buy all perpetual for the most part, we're actually recently commissioned some more studies around subscription with Kepware, half of we bundle, half of we price. And until we really understand Kepware, that's 5%, 6% of our bookings so that's one piece there.
Andrew Miller: Yes, than in Q4, and figuring how that might impact as well. So at this point, you should assume 85%, clearly with an upward bias over time over the long term, very gradually like asymptotically approaching a higher number. The thing I'll highlight, this quarter again, 88% of our software revenue was recurring in the quarter we just had.
Andrew Miller: Yes. So first, let me address something that - in your question that you might have missed. Last quarter, we held our topline bookings guidance of $400 million to $420 million against a stronger dollar. And so that actually was a $12 million increase we did last quarter to our guidance in constant currency, because otherwise we would've had to lower guidance. But we actually held it, which means, in constant currency, we effectively raised guidance by $12 million. So this quarter, we didn't raise guidance. We were $5 million over our high end, but there was probably $2 million that was, by our estimate, stuff we had expected in Q3, so that's really a flip between the 2. So that's kind of where we are at this point given what we've done with our guidance. Now when you look at second half growth, it is going against really tough compares, even if you exclude the SLM deal. So last year, we grew 31% in Q3. And so just to be flat, we've guided down to 8 plus 1. So just to be roughly flat, it's huge against that number. In fact, if you look at last year...
Andrew Miller: Over 2 years, yes. If you'll recall we had a megadeal in the third quarter, and that we sequentially grew bookings by $19 million from Q2 to Q3 last year. So that's a challenging comp. Then when you actually get to Q4, you'll see, if you exclude that SLM deal, behind of our guidance is 9% growth. And it was a really strong Q4, even excluding the SLM deal. So in fact, I think the total growth in Q4 last year without that was is still in the low 20% range. We're not saying we're a 20% growth company, we're saying we're a low double-digit bookings growth company. So we think our guidance is appropriate. If you actually look at the linearity in the quarters that we're laying out here, it makes a lot of sense. The macro still seems mixed to us. The pipeline looks - we always base our guidance on our pipeline and our analytics around the pipeline. We don't get ahead of our SKUs there.
Andrew Miller: Well, first off, the end result. Clearly, we're not - we have not come off the 85% net okay? So I want to make sure you're clear on that. Stay tuned for as we exit this year and we've done our business planning then we'll give you the best guidance we can. More subscription is always better for our business model, but we also have to be realistic. There are - you can go back to like the Adobe stage and still have some perpetual revenue. So we're not coming off that. Clearly, though, our bookings that we're guiding to right now at 7% to 12% constant currency bookings growth is more than we included in our November guidance - or not guidance, in our November business model...
Andrew Miller: Outlook that we gave for the long term. So it's very helpful. And because this business is subscription, the compounding or stacking benefit helps the next year and the year after that. So the net I would say is this year certainly seems to give us confidence in that long-term model that we've laid out there, which certainly has an attractive free cash flow number, attractive EPS number by 2020 and 2021.
Andrew Miller: Okay, good. And we're still assessing the other geographies. That's the key thing. Kepware is a good example. We haven't gotten traction there, but we're not giving up. We're going out and trying to figure out what is really going on in that market. The competitors don't offer subscription. How can we - is there value customers wanting to make sure we bundle that for them? What we did do with Kepware since we acquired them is, now, you have to buy support when you buy Kepware. They used to hardly ever sell support, now there's a 100% attach rate to support. So we're basically doing our work to understand what could we do there. Frankly, what could we do to monetize the customer and grow the business more effectively, that's really what our objective is. Subscription is a way that works in the rest of the business, we'll figure out what works for Kepware. Other things that we are also looking at is as Kepware is integrated with other parts of ThingWorx, it's sold subscription.
Andrew Miller: I don't expect it is going to - our customers have demonstrated they want to buy subscription so I don't think it's going to change demand for our products in the marketplace other than the fact that what we've been hearing from our channel partners is it's actually easier to sell. The hurdle's lower, customers tend to buy more because of paying in monthly payments as opposed to writing a big check upfront. So all the reasons why subscription or cloud has done well broadly in software apply to us. And we've certainly see, for example in conversions, where people do a conversion, the value of that flexibility is worth something to them. But on top of it, they buy some more at the same time. Often, the incremental buy is bigger than the uplift for just the conversion. So I think there's a help there. The one thing that we have highlighted is with subscription, people tend to do land and expand. And so like this quarter, the amount of business from large deals was actually just below that 30% to 50% metric we've had previously as far as what percentage of our bookings come from large deals, deals over $1 million. It was actually just below that. So the strength this past quarter was just very broad business strength across geos, across products, across healthy channels with healthy deal sizes.
Andrew Miller: I'll be honest, I haven't thought about that because I don't think it's very important, to be perfectly frank. The key thing is right now, customers, as I mentioned, the average length of a contract remains about 2 years. We don't want signed contracts that are more than 3 years. But you could see a little lift in that toward something above 2, many companies I'm aware of have something in that 2 4, 2 5 average term. We actually made it challenging for our channel to sell more than 1-year subscriptions in the past. So just from an operational perspective, so I would think that's going to float up a little bit. But we still bill just 1 year in advance. That's going to make the unbilled piece be a little bit bigger if that floats up. But we basically bill annually. We're not changing that because that's the norm.
Andrew Miller: I don't believe we have any risk that we're going to lose customers due to peers because we sell our software from a subscription perspective. And I'll give you that for - I'll give you just a few data points. So one thing we did before we made this decision was we actually went out and surveyed all of our channel partners and took that feedback to make sure they were ready, that they felt heard, that they felt their customers were ready, and it came back tremendously positive. They love the subscription model. One of the interesting things was they actually highlighted that the cash flow challenge that we all hear about, they figured that out and they're managing it. Now of course our channel partners, different from some other companies, had a much bigger recurring revenue base to start with, so that helps them get through that. So it's very, very positive. The one thing they do want, they rate themselves that they could be better at selling it and so we took note of that immediately and they're in at LiveWorx, and there'll be a whole lot of sales enablement for their people about how you actually can sell subscription more easily and sell through any perpetual objection that someone might have. So I think it benefits us as opposed to hurts us, because again, think about it. Our channel partners, it's always - you can do one thing really well. If you try to do 2 things well, you'll probably do both of them not very well. So here, they will become expert at selling subscription and they don't have to figure out how do I handle the - I can simply say we don't sell perpetual, we sell subscription and end it there. They're not trying to be good at 2 things at once.
Andrew Miller: The only other thing I'll say is I googled - I know that they're - I've read some reports from some of you about one of our competitors where some of their customers are vocally not liking their change. However, I googled Adobe and around their end-of-life of perpetual, and it looks exactly - the kind of noise from their customer base looks exactly like what you're seeing around Autodesk, and yet it certainly worked out well for Adobe.
Andrew Miller: That was [indiscernible] '13 when you wouldn't believe how everyone said they were going to drop it and sell on.
Andrew Miller: Yes. So first off, remember, it affects us for fiscal '19, not fiscal '18. So we're 9 months behind everyone else. So we're continuing to do our analysis to figure out what our conclusions are around 606. And we haven't finished, so I can't tell you what our conclusions are yet. When we do, probably, I would guess in our Q3 10-Q would be when we first disclose and have a conclusion around 606. The one thing I will share with you is that the SEC did open the door for at least staying ratable on an annual basis when they introduced kind of the time element to determining how you recognize revenue. So that is clearly an option for us if some of the other ways that others' on-prem software companies or other software companies are trying to get there. If those don't seem to work for us, then we have that other option available as well. I want to remind you, we chose to be a subscription company because we - it's how our customers want to buy it. They value it, so - since they value that and we're giving them something they value, is we monetize those customers more effectively. That's why we did it. Being ratable is certainly something we would like to continue at least on an annual basis because it makes it easier for you to understand our results, so we would certainly like to stay ratable, and that's kind of where our desire is.
James Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, it's a good question, Steve. I think on one hand, there's a classic definition of IoT that does not include augmented reality. On the other hand, there's a definition of augmented reality that, in most people's minds, doesn't include IoT. Personally, in the enterprise business, I think they belong together. I think that, generally speaking, most forecast for the AR market have even higher growth rates than the IoT market. So if nothing else, this should accelerate either the market or our opportunity relative to the market. I think there's a huge amount of interest. Now I think this is a much earlier market, AR is not quite as far along as IoT. And in particular, one thing that would break the dam open would be better wearable smart glasses. The HoloLens from Microsoft are a huge step forward, but I could think of a couple ways to improve them further. It's rumored, and Mr. Zuckerberg's fueled that rumor a little bit more yesterday, that there are much better glasses coming. And so for me, we want to be ready because we think that the glasses are uninteresting without content to show in them. And getting the content ready and the engine to feed content in the glasses is its own project. And we want to make sure that by the time the glasses are ready, that we have an unbelievable engine to feed content into them. So that's why we're pushing on it so hard. And the day that you find a pair of glasses that looks like the ones Zuckerberg was showing yesterday, I'm going to be pretty excited. But I think, if nothing else, this is just an - it's a tailwind to say as this IoT business gets bigger and bigger, are we confident PTC can sustain our growth rate, and this is something that ought to be helping us.
James Heppelmann: First, let me confirm, it has been double-digit growth for 5 consecutive quarters, which is nice. And Andy maybe has a little bit more factual detail, but to me it's down-market. Our channel is doing exceptionally well.
James Heppelmann: And that's a combination of, I suppose on one hand, product improvements. But more importantly, many go-to-market and operational improvements that have been implemented in the past couple of years that are starting to work really well.
James Heppelmann: Well, I think - I'm not sure if the pace itself has picked up, but it's just that with every quarter, we have more seeds planted. And so what's happening is if all the seeds are maturing at the same speed, the portfolio of projects that we started through freemium and other techniques through our land and expand model is growing bigger and bigger. So I think it's more that there are more projects. And if the hit rate is the same but against the larger portfolio of projects, we're going to have more growth. Now what I will say in terms of how penetrated our largest customers, there's only 1 or 2 that are penetrated to any appreciable degree. So I mean, there's a couple of - we had a very large deal, I think, it was last quarter, so that one's a little bit more penetrated. But in general, penetration rates are exceptionally low.
James Heppelmann: Could I add, Ken, that January 1, of course, is the end of the fiscal first quarter of the next year. So to the extent it was a pre-buy, it would probably more likely to happen in Q1 of '18 than Q4 of '17.
James Heppelmann: So there's not that much runway left here, actually. And we're going to try to just eke out the last chunk of it and not settle at 85% but push on, because in a perfect world, if we get to 100%, I think everybody in this call would be happy with that.
James Heppelmann: I think, the key point is with technologies like CAD and PLM, which are fairly complex mission-critical enterprise technology, the technologies you select, particularly if you're buying more, if you're buying more, there's no way you're going to switch based on a pricing model because the switching cost are dramatically higher than the price of buying more with a different model. And then I think, when you look around, particularly if you go out and look at new technologies, they're all subscription anyway. So I feel like Andy's right that there's not a lot of risk here. Again, the market is telling us now that the vast majority of people, given the choice, are going to go that way. And the vast majority of new products coming to market are subscription. So it feels like there's so much - the snowball rolling down the hill here, and subscription has gotten so big that every passing quarter there's fewer people complaining about it.
James Heppelmann: Yes, great. Okay. Thanks, operator. I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call and spending a fairly long call with us here this afternoon. Again, I think if you step back and look at our results this quarter, it's pretty clear that across our 3 strategic missions of driving up the growth rate, driving our profitability and converting to subscription, we're making great progress. So the last thing I want to say is talk a little bit about LiveWorx, tell you about it and encourage you to attend. So LiveWorx is a unique opportunity to hear from a wide variety of industry thought leaders and to get hands-on experience with lots of technology and software applications. And then the network with more than 6,000 projected customer and partner attendees. So the focus of the event is on the convergence of physical and digital worlds, and the opportunities that are unleashed by that convergence in product design, manufacturing operations and improved service. So LiveWorx will be held in Boston from May 22 to 25 at the very large Boston Convention and Exhibition Center, not far from the airport at all. We're going to have an investor session on Tuesday, May 23, during the event and we hope that you're be able to join us. If you'd like to join us, of course, reach out our IR team and they'll help you with what registration details. So we hope to see you at LiveWorx. And if not, at another investor event or on the call in about 90 days again. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
