Jim Heppelmann: The pipeline is quite good. I mean, there’s a lot of interest in this solution. And in fact, we’ve already had a couple of follow-on orders from some of the earliest orders we received. So, I think it’s a good solution. You know there’s a lot going on in the world of manufacturing these days. So there’s a lot of competition for mindshare, but I think we have a very good solution and there’s a lot of interest in it.
Jim Heppelmann: And maybe to add on renewals. As we’ve discussed, our average term lengths around two years, which would mean each quarter on average, an eighth of renewals are up. And – and then actually a majority of those have contractual price increases uninfluenced by inflation or by price increases we did to the product. So, it was not a major factor. In fact, it was a pretty de minimis factor in Q3, but it will be helpful as we – as we get into next year.
Jim Heppelmann: I’m quite pleased with it. There’s a lot of interest. But you know it’s a project that has to be sold and planned and so forth. Sometimes I call it the last upgrade. Because you know, there’s a process to de-customize this system and upgrade it and then merge it into the running SaaS system. So there’s a lot of interest. But I think we never really didn’t feel like that’d be fast out of the blocks. What’s easier to do is if a new customers buying Windchill, we say, well would you like it SaaS and they say, sure, why not. So it’s a lot easier for us to get out of the blocks faster with new projects than with these lift and shifts. But the interest level, I assure you is quite high. And in fact, the growth rate in Windchill is strong overall, but it’s stronger you know as you would expect on a SaaS side than on the on-premise side.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, sure. Blair. So yeah, I mean, I think all year you know we’ve over-performed in a long list of things. And there’s – and there’s one part of the business has a little bit underperformed, even though it’s growing at a rate that’s accretive to company growth. But that’s IoT and AR. And I think it’s really a – mostly a market issue, not a competitive issue. In fact, I’d say it’s not at all a competitive issue. There’s this factor that I call the hair-on-fire factor, which is a lot of this stuff is sold into environments that are in chaos right now. You know, if you run a factory, and we’re trying to tell you how we can make it more productive, you say, well, it’s shut down, because I don’t have any inventory. Or I’m in a lockdown mode or – or I have too much inventory or you know there’s just a lot of noise right now that, again, is competing for mindshare, and it’s not just competing for PTC’s mindshare, it’s competing for competitors’ mindshare too. So I’m unaware of anybody we compete with who has higher performance than we do in this environment. I think this environment will pass and we’ll get more momentum down the road. But meanwhile, what we said is, we have you know, we – we put our resourcing plans in place according to our growth plans. And the places that are surpassing that growth plan need more resources and the places that are behind I mean, honestly, we have too many resources stacked in there. So we’re just moving them around, it doesn’t mean we’re given up on anything we – we hope to get to and achieve this 20% growth rate, but I think as we look to next year, I think we feel like 20% would be a pretty good growth rate for next year. I’m not guiding to that here, but I’m just saying I don’t think the market supports more than 20% growth rate at this point in time, because of those hair-on-fire issues I’m talking about.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, for sure. I mean, I think it’s the absolute most effective and efficient way to bring more resources to bear, because these are people who are already in the PTC sales organization, they already know the management team, they already know the customers, we’re just saying, hey, sell this product instead of that one to the same people in many cases. Not in every case, but certainly to the same types of people in every case. So I think it’s quite – it’s quite an effective way to ramp new capacity. And meanwhile, I don’t see much risk on the IoT and AR side, because we have ample capacity left to keep up with the demand we see. We simply or have too much capacity to be frank in IoT and AR selling. And so we’re shifting that over putting a couple of different products in their big and send them back onto the playing field. So I think it’s – it’s smart. I think it’s going to work well. And I think there’s very little risk.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. Well, I sort of agree with you, but I’m not sure I agree with every piece of it. But let me – let me just talk about a few of them. So first of all, on taking share. Clearly PTC you know, Dassault had their earnings report yesterday, and you can go line item by line item in the CAD and PLM world. And our results are better than theirs. I think the SolidWorks’ business grew 8% and our Velocity business grew 29%. If I remember correctly, the Enovia and Catia business grew 11% and ours grew 14%. So, certainly on a dollars basis, we’re taking share. Now, I’ve always attributed some of that to a better business model. So I think we’re monetizing customer relationships better. And we may be taking more wallet share than sheet share, but we’re certainly not given up any share. There’s just no math that would get you there. So I think we’re doing well. Now, is simulation important? Absolutely. But you know so too is PLM. I mean, I don’t know, do you know what simulation company that’s growing like our Windchill PLM business at 17%? I’m not really aware of one. So I think that PLM is a much more strategic product and then people have given a credit for it. It’s sort of the age of PLM right now. Now, it may also be the age of simulation. And you know we have a great simulation partner in ANSYS, fantastic partner. And you know when a customer says simulation is important, we say great, let me tell you about our best-in-class simulation capabilities built right into Creo that come from ANSYS. So you know I’m happy if the customer thinks simulation is important, but I but I think at least is frequently, they think PLM is important and ALM too. And that’s really our strong suit. We’re absolutely best-in-class at PLM, Vernon.
Jim Heppelmann: Well, first of all, I think, Joe, that your thesis is at least directionally correct, that there certainly is a lot of interest amongst the larger enterprises, in digital transformation and in cloud. And those are places where PTC is well positioned. And you know kind of historically, we’ve had more exposure to the enterprise market than to the SMB market. You know, Creo and Windchill kind of don’t have near the representation in the SMB market that other products have from say, you know, Dassault or – or Autodesk or whomever. Now, with – with our Velocity unit, that’s really an SMB business. And that’s doing pretty well. And I think that’s all cloud-driven. You know what I mean? That’s – that’s a subset of the market who says, I really want to go to cloud, and PTC’s Onshape and Arena Solutions are virtually unmatched for those types of customers. But I think in general, yeah, the enterprise market really is leaning into digital transformation. I think COVID was very helpful for this. And I think it’s most helpful to PLM, because you just really can’t have a hybrid workforce. If people working at home can’t find the data, they need to do their work today, and they can’t walk down the hall to talk to somebody, because they’re not in the building. And even if they were in the building, the person they want to talk to is not in the building. So you really need a system, a system of record, and a system of engagement to allow you to you know do your job from anywhere in the office today, from home tomorrow, whatever. And – and PLM is that system. So you know, Dassault’s PLM results are pretty good. And ours were even better. And I think that’s indicative of you know a market that’s pretty healthy, which I think was the basic thesis, you know of your question.
Jim Heppelmann: We are definitely overcoming it. And even with IoT and AR, we did see a nice acceleration in the quarter. So I think if you look at our bookings, they were up strong sequentially. They were up strong year-over-year. You know if I think ahead to our Q4 forecast that is very strong sequentially. It’s not up year-over-year, because as Kristian said, we have a monster comparison in the – in the prior year, but it’s up quite strong sequentially from quite a strong quarter this quarter. So, right now our forecast looks good. Now, Kristian, and I say okay, I mean, I hope it comes in like that. But you know, if it doesn’t, we’re prepared for that, too. And that’s a little bit why I took you through the business model and the margin programs and so forth, because we want to win no matter what happens. But so far, honestly, the news is all pretty good. It’s just we don’t want to be a Pollyanna here. And you know, say this downturns never going to touch us. I mean, maybe it will, and if it does, I tried to show you we’re ready for it.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. The strength, first of all was in our Core CAD and PLM business you know the so called Digital Thread Core, which is doing well everywhere. And we did see some, I mentioned this in the commentary, we did see some China lockdown issues, where you know companies just for whatever reason didn’t want to talk to us. But nonetheless, results were still good. You know we kind of had other good news to offset that. I think the key thing in China to know, if you don’t know this now is it’s now 5% of our business, 5% of our ARR. So we have very little exposure. It had previously been as high as I don’t know, 7% or 8%. But you know when President Trump was in the office, he went to war, as you know with our, let’s say, battle with our largest customer, which was Huawei. And by the time the dust settled on that, Huawei was Dassault’s customer. And you know because they pretty much got the message not to do business with American companies. And that hurt us in China, generally, all the – you know a large amount of the Chinese manufacturing market is state-owned. And having watched what Trump was doing with Huawei, an American suppliers like us that was not helpful. But you know good news is, we’re down to 5% exposure. And China’s not that material to PTC, which I actually feel kind of good about right now given you know, the – the scariness and the outlook of what might happen there in the coming years.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah, well, Yun, those are good questions. So first on the specific question about cross-sell. I mean, that’s actually a pretty well developed muscle inside of PTC. You know, we built our PLM business largely by cross-selling from CAD and – and then other things we’ve sold have kind of been cross-sold from PLM. So definitely, we’re trying to make IoT and AR more focused on what we call the Digital Thread story, which is, it’s not only about solving problems with IoT, but it’s about solving problems with IoT using PLM data, which would include of course, CAD, digital markups and visualization and so forth. And then our Augmented Reality, of course, is a huge consumer of 3D data, because it trains its computer vision models against 3D, digital markup configurations, not to get too technical on you guys. But anyway, there’s a great cross-sell opportunity. It’s a – it’s a big, big focus. But you know, one thing I did want to say, your – your comment at the beginning said that our guide suggests we’re not that affected by the macro. I actually just want to say to all of our investors, you need to reconfigure your opinion of PTC a little bit, because we’re not a cyclical name anymore. And in fact, our guide, the low end of our guide contemplates a 30% decline in new sales in Q4. It’s just that our model is so resilient, that even a 30% decline in new sales still lands with 13% ARR growth. So like sometimes I read in a report that PTC is a cyclical name, and I say, show me a piece of data that supports that, because for five years, we’ve been steady as she goes, in good times and bad. And I just feel like we have a business model that’s underappreciated. And you know the worst that downturn is going to get, the bigger performance differential you’re going to see between us and people you compare us to you know particularly in our own industry here, because we’re – you know, our software’s 98% recurring, that’s substantially greater than ANSYS, than Dassault, than Siemens then basically any of the companies you might directly compare us against you know in the same market, let’s say.
Jim Heppelmann: Let – let me hit the first question and you can take the second one. So the first question was about, was there any pricing tailwind? Yeah, sure, but it just was not significant. So there was a little bit of pricing tailwind. But again to go back through the kind of calculations here, only a small amount of our book of business came up in Q3 for renewal and most of these contracts have pre-negotiated price increases that we would get, despite whatever level of inflation is out there. There is a minority that you can argue, we have rights to raise the prices higher, and then some are actually tied to CPI, but most of our contracts are actually pre-negotiated fixed – fixed price increases. So we’d get them no matter what the economy and the inflation was. And then again, on the new sales, it’s just that our sales cycles are longer than two months. And so when you put a quote in front of a customer and you raise the price, you can’t take that quote back and stick a more expensive quote in front of them, because they get kind of angry. If they don’t take that deal. Well, now you can raise it or when you go meet the next customer, you can go in with a higher quote. But it’s just that we didn’t have enough time to work that price increase through our sales cycle, to have it be meaningful to what happened you know in terms of new sales. So you know like for example, Pepsi raised the growth rate by two points, because they raised the price of potato chips, and you walk in the store and they’re more than they used to be and you pay it, but we’re not selling potato chips, we’re selling complex software that has multi-quarter sales cycles.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. It’s a good question, Ken. Because we did set an expectation, low single-digit growth and now it’s kind of put along in pretty high single-digit growth. I think you know we’ve just seen better demand than we had anticipated. So for example, if you look at some of the building blocks, Servigistics is a service parts management software and they’re having a great year. And then there’s what we call, FlexPLM, which is a special version of Windchill that we sell to retail companies, big box stores and clothing and you know apparel and footwear companies. And win rates been good and the demand has been good. There’s Arbortext you know our technical documentation type of technology that does structured documents and automated publishing and so forth, and that’s performed well. So I think there’s actually some good demand and frankly, pretty good execution. The renewal rates in all cases have improved too. So that’s also helpful. So, I don’t know maybe – maybe we shouldn’t say that FSG will be able to perform in mid single-digits, you know post-Codebeamer when it’s already doing better than that pre-Codebeamer. But you know we’ll try not to get ahead of ourselves. We’re pleased with what’s going on and with Codebeamer in there, you know we’re pretty sure it’s going to be kind of mid single-digits at least going forward.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay, is that the last question? All right, so Matt’s given me the – give me the signal here. I just want to thank everybody for spending time with us today. Appreciate you know you hanging in there and we look forward to seeing you in 90 days, if not before. Hopefully the economy will kind of – the macro situation will stay as it has been and we’ll have some really great news for you and if not, you know, I think will be – will be okay anyway. So I look forward to seeing you and have a good evening.
