Jim Heppelmann: Yes, just in terms of terminology for everybody's benefit we define a large deal as more than $1 million in bookings, PEB bookings, and a mega deal is more than $5 million in PEB bookings. And this particular deal actually had nothing to do with the macro. What really happened is that the -- you can call it a sales execution issue, I suppose. What really happened is that the approval process ended up being different than we understood it to be and we ran out of time trying to execute the newly underserved approval process. So I think the deals in good shape. We are hopeful we're going to get it this quarter actually, we'll see but it really wasn't the macro situation. So it would be a convenient excuse but it wouldn't be an honest one.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, as we talked about last quarter, we expected the restructuring to impact a little over 200 people who would be, who would no longer be with the company and then we opened a number of racks obviously in the market and geographies and territories where we're investing for IoT and AR which tend to be Americas EMEA.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Sterling, I think from our perspective, there's not a lot of specific caution, there's not a lot of specific issues, it's just we read the newspapers like everybody else does and it just feels a little reckless at this point given the stuff happening out there PMI is coming down and so forth, it feels reckless to take guidance up. So what we've basically said is let's hold it where it is and we'll tradeoff some of that upside in less time by for a more cautious posture on the subscription side in the balance of the year. So again it's not specific, it's just a general concern about what's happening out there and knowing that PMIs have been in the past somewhat indicative of spend in our markets. So we just think we should be a bit cautious.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, on the second question there are several that are very close and we do hope to close in the next week maybe even this week yet if we're fortunate. And then, I think, extended sales cycles, yes, but again hard to pin that on macro. Like I said, in one case, it was a misunderstanding about the approval process. And when we thought we had the necessary approvals, we then found out actually the customer misunderstood the process and there's a different process and we're out of time to go run that different process and people have left on vacation and so forth. So extended sales cycles but it's hard to pin down exactly why and there were different reasons. So there wasn't uniformity, like I said, there were couple of government deals, okay we understand those, there is a misunderstanding of a process here and then just in general we kind of ran out of time on a few other ones.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, as you know, we have a new leader who joined us and he has pulled the team together and they've developed kind of their focus areas and are beginning to drive programs. So we think that should really benefit us probably more so in the second half of the year. At this point, if you think of where our focus has been on the largest accounts the ones where we had those VPAs we've talked about before; we're only about halfway through those VPAs. So we still have the other half of those. We've done in enterprise phase 345 conversions at this point out of probably a potential pool of about 2,000. And there's a lot of opportunity frankly in the channel with CAD and there's a lot of work being done to really formulate what those programs should be.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I'd say definitely influence, I maybe a little softer on cross-sell, I think that companies like say BMW. BMW sees PTC as the BMW of our marketplace because we have great products; great technology, and they know they can turn to us for PLM, for IoT, for AR. So in the case of BMW, there are Vuforia project is going on, in parallel the ThingWorx project is going on and we're winning PLM deals. So I think that whole package has positioned us very nicely. Now if I said they bought Windchill because of Vuforia or ThingWorx I'm not sure that's true. But I think that they put PTC on a decent platform because they see us as a provider of very good package of technologies that make sense together. And then, in the case of Huawei, you know we do have a sizable PLM implementation at Huawei and they began what fundamentally was an IoT project. And when the project started BMW, I'm sorry Huawei did not really get the connection between PLM and IoT and of course we went in and sold that hard and then walked out with a very, very nice IoT deal in a recommitment to PLM and to more CAD business and everything else. So certainly the package is starting to make a lot of sense to people. And I think another thing that's happening is they're also starting to say hey maybe what I use in the factory and what I use with my products ought to be the same platform PTC help me understand the advantages of moving data back and forth and so forth. So again I don't want to oversell it because I don't -- I don't think we're really cross-selling, but I think with our major accounts we're positioning ourselves as having a really important and powerful portfolio of technologies that if you're an industrial company and you want to do digital transformation, we can help you change your products, we can help you change your production and service processes, and we can actually help you change the productivities of your workers in your factories and out on service calls and so forth where they are and that whole digital transformation story I think is one that people are really starting to appreciate.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I don't have a specific schedule for it but we trained 500 in the quarter and they were actually people trained prior to that and by the way they weren't just reps, just to be clear they were reps and generally let's call them field resources. But there are a lot of people at Rockwell that are trained there have been many sales calls made, there are many opportunities in the pipeline now being managed and so forth. So I think in the case of Rockwell, we feel pretty good about that. I mean, I have to tell you the fit with Rockwell between PTC and Rockwell feels pretty good. Blake and I have a great relationship I think at every level of the org chart, people are working together productively, Rockwell is putting a tremendous amount of energy into this alliance, they're not just paying lip service to it, they're out there making sales calls, I mean Blake is making sales calls. So I think it's going very, very well. I think it'll take a while to get to everybody but we don't need to get to everybody either I mean even Rockwell realizes that we probably ought to focus on the most important accounts. There are some that are more low hanging fruits than other and I think they have a list of 400 accounts if I remember correctly that they're prioritizing and tremendous, tremendous amount of business could come out of those 400 accounts. So that's where we'll put our first energy but there's a lot more behind that, I think if I remember correctly they have about 35,000 total accounts that ultimately we could sell into with them.
Jim Heppelmann: Well, I mean probably at the top of the food chain there, you're going to find the big North American automotive companies, you're going to find the biggest oil and gas companies in the world around the world, you're going to find the biggest pharmaceutical companies, the biggest chemical companies, the biggest mining and materials companies, so there are some very, very big accounts there. Now I'm sure within the 400 they start graduating down. But we're talking some behemoth accounts and some very large accounts and probably you're just getting down the large accounts and you're still in the 400.
Jim Heppelmann: We called all of our, what we call our Executive VP and our Divisional VP, so these would be the geography leaders, we call them all into a meeting and along with various lieutenants of theirs. We went through each of the slipped accounts one by one to really understand what is the reason this deal slipped. And then we went through the pipeline and talked about what do they have in the pipeline and where does it stand right now.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, okay. So let me separate a few things. So in general BMW has a high opinion of PTC because they like our PLM technology, they like our IoT technology, they like our AR technology, frankly they really like our genitive technology too. So take that as a general statement. Now on this specific deal that we closed in the quarter where we were competing against Aras, this really was a deal where they needed a system to manage test data against different configurations of vehicles. So on one hand you have to have the test data on the other hand you have to understand the configuration that you tested. But it's a place where we've got to pull in a lot of data from other systems. And so it turns out that ThingWorx is exceptionally good at that. Now in Aras case --
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, right, right. So Navigate/ThingWorx is particularly good at that. So funny enough Aras frequently uses this term meta PLM which kind of means PLM of PLM Systems. And this BMW deal was exactly amid a Meta PLM system. So at the thing that Aras feels most confident about and we beat them. And we beat them because actually we have a very good solution there and it just takes a customer to look deeply at both and then we came away with the deal. So it really was configuration management, data management, and then system integration bringing data from many different systems into the one that's managing the full picture the 360 degree view of what happened in the testing process.
Jim Heppelmann: I just have some color commentary here, Andy, has become, he almost has his own talk show circuit now, talking to other software companies about how to do a subscription transition. So I think every, every company out there that’s thinking about doing a subscription transition is going to want him on their board and he's probably going to be turning boards down left and right here in no time. So I think he likes doing that, I certainly observe us there are many meetings where he's coached other software companies on what we did and what they should do and so forth and I can imagine he's looking forward to doing that.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I think your question is how did the quarter develop and I really think it got away from us in the last two weeks and that was in part because we realized this mega deal was in a different place than we thought it was and we began to see some of course the government shutdown happened and a couple of deals popped out and so forth. So I think it was kind of mid-December that we really said oh wow this is -- we had some challenges here.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. So Tim has given me the word here that we probably don't have time for any more calls but I want to thank you all for spending hourly time with us here this afternoon and Q1 did shape up to be a little different than planned. Nonetheless we had outstanding financial performance on revenue, on earnings, and margin. We feel like there was a little downside on subscriptions some slippage but on the other hand some upside that came in, thanks for the last time buying perpetual, the year looks for us the same as it ever did slightly different mix but mix is fundamentally unimportant. From this point forward, it's really a non-issue because we're not selling perpetual anymore with the one small exception that is sort of a single-digit exception. So I think we're very quickly going to get to steady state in the mix in the 90s and it will get boring and we'll stop talking about it. But anyway I think we feel good about where we are competitively with IoT and AR which are strong growth markets. Our CAD business did phenomenal, our PLM business of course was part of the big deal issue but that business is strong and we're winning competitively and we're winning analyst awards. So we feel good about where we are and we look forward to seeing on the road over the next quarter and if not we'll talk again in 90 days. So thanks and have good evening. Bye-bye.
Andrew Miller: Okay, Steve, I will take the first part of that which was asking about the realignment or you even use the word reorganization. So we tried not to use the word reorganization because actually the org chart doesn't look so much different, really it was a movement of resources into the growth businesses. Now to do that in the context of our margin goals, we took down resourcing in some areas and took it up in others. In some cases we moved from one segment of the business to another and in some cases we moved from one geography to another. And of course we're working around the strengths of some of our partners like Rockwell and so forth. So it wasn't really a reorganization per se but it did involve a lot of people with new territories and new quotas and getting a feel for the business. So I think that was really sort of the issue is that we did something that disturbs a little bit and then just didn't get a fast enough start processing all that and putting it behind us. So we were talking about it too deep into the quarter and of course when people are talking about territories and accounts and quotas, they're not all selling. So that really was the key issue.
Andrew Miller: Well, I was just going to say as you know there is 80:20 rule to everything and 400 accounts is more than 10% of theirs, so probably quite a sizable piece of their revenue.
Andrew Miller: Yes, we did a deeper dive; we do a deep dive every quarter to be perfectly frank. We don't just rely on a forecast coming in on a piece of paper. We review the analytics in depth and then we go deal by deal because large deals for us typically represent 20% to 40% of our bookings and so that's a big range and so understanding where those deals stand and the multiple paths to get to our operating plan into our forecast and what disclose in our range. It's not a single path, it is a multiple path and we surround it and we did it more so, it's on this quarter than we have done in the past since I've been here.
Andrew Miller: Yes. So there are two factors that I want to call your attention, first off is the unfilled deferred is getting to be a bigger and bigger number and so just large numbers, grew $191 million year-over-year but that's a big number but it's now a much lower percentage because of that. The other factor is the timing of the renewals under 605 because we recognize the revenue radically, so like Q1 was not a big renewal quarter for us especially because it ended on December 29 which actually affected the build piece of that deferred revenue. But for total deferred revenue, the fact is not a big renewal quarter for us means we recognized more revenue in the quarter than we -- or the relationship of what we recognized during the quarter versus what was up for renewal was different than it's been in prior quarters like for example in Q4.
Andrew Miller: Okay, yes. So first-off our average term for subscription contract is two years, it's been that from the start, so that's the average length. Second thing is the 60% uplift, we've averaged in the past more than 50% we have been at 60% before but this was a nice, a nice ACV uplift on those 21 accounts. There was one more, what is the third one.
Andrew Miller: And we haven't, there's been no noise about the price increase, let's put it that way, there's been no noise, no change in realized discount. So it's been adopted without any impact and by the way, it's a normal price increase for our market, our competitors tend to raise their prices 3% to 5% a year. So it's not something that and we have been doing it with perpetual up through from fiscal 2014 all the way through fiscal 2018. So it's not an out of line price increase from our customer's perspective.
Andrew Miller: No, I'm done being involved in an operating role after I came into PTC. I'm done with that, I am on one board now and I look to join probably one or two more.
Andrew Miller: So one thing I would add is actually some of those deals were in there up to the very -- including the mega deal were in there in the forecast up to the very last day of the quarter, Saturday --
Andrew Miller: December 29th when we got the word that it needed another approval and that person needed to approve it was on vacation.
