James Heppelmann: Let me add some color to that, I think it's a easier way to see it. I think if you look at it by product, you get a different story because the size, the relatively larger size of some products kind of overwhelms that story. But Arena and Onshape are all about new accounts, they're basically competing in a space where we didn't previously have products competing. So there are almost entirely new accounts. If you go to IoT and AR that's kind of 50-50 because those are products we can sell to our traditional accounts, but of course, there's a lot of demand and interest in IoT and AR and we have new partners like Rockwell that also take us to a lot of new places. And then if you go back to Creo and Windchill, I mean, that would be majority of the bookings coming from companies we've been doing business with, but sometimes we knock one offer, there is a consolidation play or something like that and as well the channel is bringing this new accounts. So I think it's almost all new for Onshape and Arena, roughly half and half-ish for IoT and AR and sort of majority maybe 70/30 in favor of installed base with Creo and Windchill.
James Heppelmann: Yes. So let me say, on your first question Arena. Arena is predominantly a U.S. business, it's been almost – to a very great degree sold to American companies, although some American companies have users overseas. But it hasn't really been sold to companies overseas with just a small exception. So the first thing we're going to do with the Arena for sure is go international with it. I mean, that's a good piece of growth we ought to be able to go after as a synergy. And then of course cross selling between Onshape and Arena ought to produce another synergy. And I think our channel ought to produce yet another synergy. So I'm sort of the opinion that there is a lot of upside to Arena, if not this year, certainly in the coming years, as we can take this business places that Arena themselves going to gone so easily. So that's maybe the first part. Then second on ANSYS, if I remember we had quantified that we thought there was $100 million potential opportunity with Creo Simulation Live in our base. I think that's before. I don't know if, Tim, did that include this mainstream simulation products. No. So I haven't quantified that, but well more than $100 million because the rest of the ANSYS suite actually comes at a higher price point. We probably get less penetration because some of them might already have purchased it from ANSYS or one of their distributors. But certainly $100 million would be the floor in terms of opportunity. Will we ever get 100% of that, no? But certainly is a sizable ARR opportunity for us.
James Heppelmann: Yes. It would have been low-single digits. So I think they were going from low-single digits to high-single digits, would be our aspiration here.
James Heppelmann: And then on the Q4 to Q1. Q1 IoT bookings didn't have the same growth rate that they had in Q4, but again it was a healthy number, I mean in Q4, it was a very healthy number. And in both cases, a lot of that went into backlog. So you're seeing a situation where the backlog deficit we started this year with had a fairly good representation in IoT and that's slowing down our IoT growth rate. And some of the goodness that we're bringing in with new bookings is going into backlog and it will help next year, but it doesn't necessarily overcoming the deficit we started the year with. So anyway, we're still on plan. So it's not a bad thing. But putting more bookings in the backlog for next year and the year after is a good thing.
James Heppelmann: Yes. We looked at that data Jack and it really was pretty broad representation. Tim and I were studying that data and nothing really jumps out, it's sort of a little bit everywhere in more or less the percentage we kind of normally have. So broad based is how I would characterize that.
James Heppelmann: That's an easy one, Jack, because you don't have to strip it out. We've not been charging educational institutions for the software. However, we had a program that you can use it for free for the first year. So we do anticipate that as this school year ramps up and we move into next year, we're going to get a pretty decent conversion rate to pay. But in that good news that we have so far, it's all commercial sales.
James Heppelmann: Well, I mean, first of all, I do think there is some real strong market share gains. I don't think other vendors are performing at the same level as we have been and it's been a long time since and have you guys asked me when Aeris was disrupting us. We kind of haven't heard that name in ages. So I think they're losing some real momentum. So I think it really is more companies are realizing that they – if they have PLM, they need to have it more broadly and more people need to use it. Like maybe the procurement guy could walk down the hall and talk to the engineers. But now they are working from home, we can't. And so we need to see it. So I think some of it is existing companies broadening and deepening their implementation. And then, I think there's a lot of companies who like the Terumo example we gave, who was doing their FDA compliance literally on paper, saying, okay, that's not going to work, we need to get a PLM system. We need to get it fast. So I think there's a lot of companies whose appreciation of PLM has deepened greatly in the last couple of years. First for digital transformation in general and then for COVID requiring it. And I think that of those companies who get religion around PLM, we're certainly not going down more than our fair share. That's how I would characterize that.
James Heppelmann: Yes. So let's take the first one. Our mid-December comments Kristian said, he anticipated, we'd be in the middle of the 9% to 12% range and we came in at 12%. So I think to be frank, what happened is we review the forecast every single week on Friday's and we raised it four times in December. So by the time we had that meeting with you. We had raised at once, but a couple of days later, we raised it again and then twice more. So if you study the PLM performance, of course we do, what you'd see is that it wasn't done the backs of any one geography or any one vertical or any one big deal. It was just a lot of deals of all sizes in all geographies across a bunch of different verticals. I mean, it just felt like just good solid business everywhere as opposed to some surprise. I think if you go to the verticals question you asked, I think Arena is very strong in high-tech and very strong in general in SMB. Now high-tech does tend to have a lot of SMB customers. And the other thing about high-tech is product life cycles tend to be very short. If you make 777's like Boeing does, it's very hard to switch CAD systems, because those products last for decades. But if you're making consumer handheld devices, the life on one those things pretty darn short and the next version isn't based on the last version. So you can switch tools much more easily. So I think in general, electronics and high-tech is a fast cycle market and it's easier to get a share shift to happen there, which helps both Onshape and Arena by the way. Now PTC does well in the larger electronics and high-tech customers who probably are selling stuff that ends up in a rack in the data center and big machines that have a lot of electronics in them and so forth. That aren't necessarily so short cycle and whatnot. In the case of aerospace and defense, I mean, Arena does have some aerospace and defense accounts that are generally small suppliers to larger firms, but I would say probably, that's not necessarily the best spot to sell Arena, other than if you're low in the supply chain and there are a lot of small suppliers in the aerospace and defense supply chain in part because the government encourages that. So I think Onshape and we're also coming out with ITAR version of Onshape for the same reason that these smaller accounts need something and really just don't have the wherewithal for the bigger heavier enterprise systems that masters at the top of their supply chain would prefer. So I think maybe a long way of [indiscernible] Arena and Onshape are very complementary [indiscernible] Creo and Windchill, they do the same thing but they appeal to different segments of the market. And the low end of the market doesn't want the high-end products and the high end of the market today doesn't want the low end products. That may happen over time. But right now it's all incremental upside as far as I'm concerned.
James Heppelmann: Yes. So there is two in particular. I'll talk about one really with SharkNinja. But let me cover the other one first. It was a European OEM, I can't tell you who it was, I will be able to at some point, but not yet. I don't yet have permission. But an OEM who had both our software and our CAD software and the competitors and use them both as many large OEMs do. And they decided that they didn't like that anymore. And they would really prefer to have one tool and if they had to go from two to one they will go into Creo. So that was a pretty substantial displacement of a very well-known high-end product. And then the other case really was a displacement of a very well-known low-end product. Where this account said – SharkNinja said, we really like what Creo can do and we really like CSL and so forth and we too don't like having two sets of tools. And if we had to pick one, we pick Creo. So kind of at opposite ends of the Creo range, if you will, we're displacing different products from the same vendor. And that vendor, you can guess who it is, it has kind of left their customers a little frustrated. Some of their business policies, some of their technical strategies are well accepted by the customers and it's creating some discontent and some of that discontent turns into switching, especially if you're looking at two tools and you're saying, I wish we had one. Well, I really like those PTC guys, their tools are great and are better to work with.
James Heppelmann: Yes. There is no exclusivity there would happened with Fujitsu, as I understand the story. First they implemented our software in their factories and it was quite successful. And then there is a system integrator arm of Fujitsu who said, we'd like to take this showcase we've built in our own company and take it down the road and sell it to other companies. And so that's the nature of that announcement. But Fujitsu as an SI is no Rockwell. So I don't really – they're much more localized in certain pockets and so forth. And they're important partner and we're glad to have them. But I don't think it's meaningful at the level of a Rockwell partnership, certainly not yet maybe we'll get there someday. But just think of them as two different tiers.
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, a lot of SI's want to sell with us where we sell the software and they do the project. And that's motion has been working very well. And then some SI's, in some cases like Fujitsu say, well, could we just sell it, because we have some clients we'd like to go. Basically sell them what we've done in our own company and we'd like to take that order. But think that for every Fujitsu. There is multiple SI's that we sell with rather than thrilled.
James Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, it's a business unit that's quite complete. It has R&D and marketing and sales, doesn't really new services because we don't so much need that. But it's really a pretty complete business unit. It has the P&L, it has growth targets, we will make acquisitions for them. In fact, Arena was an example. But we've made a couple other little tuck-ins that we didn't announce because they were too small. But definitely, that's a business and the way I look at it, they are paving the path for a future PTC. Because at some point, our industry will really go to SaaS, I mean it's starting to and that's good, but at some point it will tip right over like other industries have. And at that point that business unit will be bigger and bigger and may in fact be the future inner gravity for PTC. It's not big enough at $100 million – let's call it $1.4 billion. So it's not yet 10% but you put Arena in there and it steps up closer to 10% and then you let that growth rate run for a while and it won't be long before it's quite meaningful to us. But that's what they're doing, their paving the path for a future PTC.
James Heppelmann: Yes. Well, I think what it really comes down to is does a customer want SaaS or not. If they want SaaS, then the win rates exceptionally high, but they might decide they don't want SaaS for whatever reason. And it might be that other people in their company already use SolidWorks or what have you. But think of Onshape as a really good CAD system on a completely different deployment and business model. And the deployment and business model is even more differentiated – is more differentiated in the product itself is. So I think, smaller companies, say, I really like the idea of being able to get to this data without having a server, without having a system administrator, without having – I'd like to be able to pick up my work at home on my Macintosh if I worked on at all day on a Windows workstations. I mean, that's great. I like the real-time collaboration. Onshape is a multi-user system were multiple users work together on the same designs at the same time as opposed to multiple users working independently and pass the data back and forth, which is how most other CAD systems work. So I think again, I often say, think of it like electric vehicles versus internal combustion engines, it's religion at some level. And very few people get down to a shortlist that has three of each. Somewhere in the decision making process they either say, I want to electric and now I'm down to a shortlist of electric vehicles or I don't want electric, I'm going to stay with internal combustion and they end up with that shortlist. But I'm saying for those customers who say, I think I want SaaS. This is a good chance, we're going to win that deal.
