Jeffrey D. Glidden: Thanks, Jim. Clearly, we are pleased with our FY '13 earnings performance. We expanded our non-GAAP operating profit margins by approximately 250 basis points to 22.1%. This was achieved by delivering higher gross margins, coupled with tight expense management throughout the year. And I would add that our expense planning in fiscal '13 also positions us very well to deliver increased profitability in fiscal '14. A highlight of our 2013 performance has been cash and cash flow. We ended the year with cash of $242 million, and cash flow from operations increased to $225 million. Strong cash flow has enabled us to increase our stock repurchases to $75 million, while we paid down debt and completed strategic acquisitions. During the past fiscal year, we closed 3 important acquisitions: Servigistics in the first quarter, along with Enigma and NetIDEAS in the fourth quarter. Servigistics and Enigma are focused on expanding our service life cycle management solutions and accelerating the growth of this business. NetIDEAS expands our global services business by adding high-value managed service offerings. We expect these new managed services to provide additional recurring revenue streams and to be accretive to our global services margins. As discussed on previous conference calls, a key objective has been to increase the profitability of our global services business. During 2013, we increased services margins to 14%. As we build out our managed service operations over the next several years, we expect to increase global services margins to 20% by fiscal '17. A cornerstone of a financial plan is to significantly expand profitability while growing our business. For fiscal '14, we expect non-GAAP operating margins to increase to approximately 25%, and we have increased our long-term operating margin targets to 28% to 30% by 2017. We plan to achieve these longer-term goals by driving gross margins to 74% to 76%, increasing the productivity of our sales teams, coupled with disciplined expense management in all areas of the business. We are pleased with the results that we've delivered over the past 4 years, and are confident in our ability to achieve our longer-term goals. Now looking ahead to our outlook for Q1 and fiscal '14. The macroenvironment continues to be very choppy, not only in the U.S., but in international markets as well. We have seen this reflected in recent earnings results of a number of bellwether companies. Given this background, we expect Q1 non-GAAP revenue to be in the range of $310 million to $320 million, including license revenue of $70 million to $80 million, and we expect to deliver non-GAAP EPS of $0.41 to $0.46 per share. I would note that given our current estimates for mix of profits by geography, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate will increase to approximately 25% for the fiscal year 2014. For the full year, we expect non-GAAP revenues to be in the range of $1,325,000,000 to $1,340,000,000, and our non-GAAP EPS to be $2 to $2.10 per share. Again, we appreciate you joining us today. And I will now turn the call back over to James Hillier.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Let me add on the seasonality here a bit on the discussion. In Q1 last year, we had a very large megadeal that was the Embraer Air deal, so that was in the actual results for Q1 of last year. Our current guidance for Q1 of this year does not depend on a megadeal per se. As you've seen in Q4, we had a broader set of deals at a slightly lower ASP, but we think that's a good answer. So I think when you look at it, we'd say, gee, there might be some upside, we always have megadeals when we go through the year. The timing of those is always difficult to cite, but we do have, I think, many opportunities that right now we would expect we'll close sometime in the year -- during the year, more likely in the back half, Jay. So I think we feel pretty good. As Jim said, pipeline is expanding. The question is really, fundamentally, what do close rates look like, given the macro factors that might give us a headwind in maybe Q1 of the first half.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes. I'd just add, Matt, that on the gross margin side, this past year we did just over 73% gross margins. We'd expect that to be 73% to 74%. I think there's an opportunity clearly to continue to expand margins, both based on mix as we continue to build out the partner ecosystem. That's gone very well on the services, global services side. And in addition, we'll continue to drive increased margin there. So we think we're well setup to get into the, I'll call it, 73% towards the upper end of the 74% -- to 74% range. And again as Jim said, I think we've really positioned ourselves on an expense base, entering the year with the right cost structure that would get us from -- if you looked at our total OpEx last year it was 51%. We'd be closer to 50%, 49% to 50% in the year, and that gets us to the 25%. So I think we feel pretty well positioned, as Jim said.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Okay, Steve, Jeff Glidden here. So we guided -- we provided some outlook on cash use. We'd expect to repurchase and spend about $75 million worth of capital on stock repurchases. We pay something north of $100 million on repayment of debt. That -- as we continue to expand margins, we continue to generate significantly greater levels of cash flow also. I think we've been very selective and focused on M&A and that would be another key piece of the puzzle, so we'll continue to look at M&A. And it's kind of use the line, buy what we think is a key strategic asset, and then pay that down. So I think you saw this year, we not only increased the stock buyback, we paid down debt, and we completed acquisitions. So I think that recipe is one that we would expect to continue, Steve.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Right. On the 2 acquisitions we did in the quarter, just to maybe close up on that particular point, NetIDEAS and Enigma in Q4 contributed about $2 million worth of revenue, about $1 million of that was license, so it was a small contribution. As we look to the full year this year, we'd expect that to be probably somewhere between $6 million and $8 million or $9 million in terms of revenues. So I think it has good strategic value. It's not a key driver in terms of the revenue for 2014, but I think a very important piece.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Sterling, this is Jeff. Just as a comment, we've said that the key right now -- we've got sufficient capacity to deliver our 2014 numbers, and I will say that the productivity, if you look at the productivity, and we look at it a number of ways, it actually increased in the back half of the year, and particularly in Q4, and that's always a strong quarter. But our focus is really on a set of programs that will increase the productivity of the existing reps, and we've been obviously driving that with a headwind from macro. At the same time, the reps that we'd add, we talked about 20 reps in the back half of the year, that's really I call it a placeholder, that as we look out to '15, it's not about needing capacity for '14, it's about building it for '15. And depending on what the macro factors are and the traction of certain products, we may accelerate those hires as we look out into '15. I would say it's in all geos. I think we're looking at opportunities, particularly in some of the emerging geos. We've been expanding in Brazil and Russia. We've got a good operation that we continue to expand in China. As well as our European businesses has been very solid, and we're seeing that come back, and there's some additional opportunities we think to be addressed in the Americas, particularly around the SLM space. So I think it's a broad cut. We're well positioned for '14, and we'll be looking while we're in '14 to set our ourselves up for '15.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Sterling, I would add that Bob Ranaldi will be with us at the Investor Day, and we'll do a deeper dive on how we're organized, how we're structured in various areas. And I think we can address that in a more fulsome way at the Investor Day, and we'll continue to drive this.
Jeffrey D. Glidden: Yes, I would say 2 things. We obviously, at the beginning of the year, we did a lot last year, a larger restructuring related to the consolidation of our Servigistics and SLM business, and then we did a -- later in the year, we really took and realigned again to make sure we're well positioned for '14. We'll continue to do -- look for opportunities to improve performance. We're not, at this current time, contemplating any significant realignments x an acquisition. And again, when you find an acquisition, you've got to really look at what they have, what we have, and how do we make sure that integration goes successfully, and that we get the value that we really set out to do on that. But I think I'd just reiterate, on '14, as we sit today, the actions we've taken should position us well for increasing profits in this current year.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, maybe just to be more concrete on the question about the FY versus the Q1. I think we have a bit of a quarterization disconnect with you guys, which is okay, because I think generally, our plan looks pretty good for the year, but you might say weak for the first quarter. And that really is just that we see it falling slightly different over the quarters. And that's really this big deal factor. We have a number of big deals in the quarter -- I'm sorry, in the fiscal year. I'd say we have relatively safe close assumptions, but we're assuming none of them close in Q1. And if you take our Q1 and compare it to last year x the megadeal, it's actually decent direct organic growth. So it's really that big deal factor that can skew how an individual quarter looks like if you're comparing a quarter without a megadeal to a quarter with a megadeal.
James E. Heppelmann: Okay. Then we're going to have to cut you off because that's like at least 4 questions, but [indiscernible]. So no problem. Let me hit the NetIDEAS thing first, because I can maybe weave that into the other question. So NetIDEAS is a group of what were early Windchill customers that -- Windchill was the first PLM system, and I'd argue, one of the first enterprise applications, period, to be available in a pure native web of architecture back in 1998. And there was this group of customers actually, at a large defense company, who purchased this technology and then said, wow, this is really an interesting breakthrough as compared to the client/server technology of the day. And they got so excited they decided, we're going to start a company to host Windchill. So NetIDEAS has existed since right around 2000, give or take a year, and their whole business has been hosting Windchill. Now we at PTC didn't exactly know how to deal with them sometimes, but nonetheless their whole business was predicated on hosting our technology. And they had built a portfolio of about 80 customers, including some big ones like the U.S. Navy, where they were hosting systems for the customer. So we'd sell the software to the customer, but we'd ship it to NetIDEAS, and NetIDEAS would host it. So first of all, they're an excellent company and hugely knowledgeable in how to host PLM systems, both large and small. Okay, so now to the question of how does our technology portfolio evolve over time. We did talk about -- there's really kind of 2 thrusts: one, is how to take some technologies we've acquired and better integrate them together; and then the second question, is how fast can we move some or all of that into the cloud. And I think there's not a simple answer to that. It's probably a better question to dwell on, on December 5. But I think what we're talking about here is an evolution. Nobody today is kicking down our doors and saying, I need a product that's fundamentally different than what you're trying to sell me. I think we're trying to stay ahead of our customers, and make sure that by the day that -- by the time that day comes, we're already for it. So we are both driving initiatives to think about how to bring some of this technology first, into a managed service environment with NetIDEAS; second, maybe into a peer cloud SaaS environment over time. And then I think that, that integration and enterprise fabric story, some amount of it will be done on premise, and then over time, I think that the cloud SaaS model gives us a slightly different approach to sort of finish that project. And I'm not sure it'll ever be finished because we'll keep making acquisitions, and we'll have to keep updating our technology strategies to accommodate some hot new piece of technology we just acquired. Could I offer one last comment, just to point out on NetIDEAS.That is a nice acquisition. It has essentially little license revenue, because it's really a service business we acquired there. So just -- when you're thinking about your models for PTC, there's little license revenue in that and quite frankly, not much in Enigma either, so just FYI on that.
James E. Heppelmann: The first thing I would tell you is that, in fact, we've already taken the actions in that last restructuring charge we did back in FY '13, to create a cost structure that'll deliver 25% margins in FY '14. So that's not like a hope and a dream, it's sort of like a serious plan. And it really is predicated on cost controls, it's predicated on higher service margins, and it's predicated on modest improvements in sales productivity. And then there's initiatives behind all that stuff to try to ensure that it all happens like that. But that's the fundamental kind of premise from a high level.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. I think that's a very interesting question, because key to both higher services margins and to higher sales productivity is to change a little bit the way we approach the problem. And I think PTC has been on an evolution here from the early days, let's say, of our Windchill PLM offering when we kind of sold the toolkit and a lot of services, to really now where we're trying to sell value in a box. And we're saying, everything you need is in that box, and the service engagement should really be around just changing your processes to use that technology, not bringing in developers to customize or, God forbid, just develop it further. And then the managed services element is interesting, because we're also saying, we could even just take the deployment off your hands. So if you're really do just want to run the software in your processes, in your improved processes, that's fine, we can do that for you. And this a serious effort. We've been working on it for a while. We've brought in some outside consultants to help us weed our way through to it, make sure we didn't miss anything, and then we just launched it really to our sales force in October here, at the beginning of the -- well, really at the sales kickoff. So I think we're optimistic that we're going to make some progress there. And you won't see that progress as solutions per se, you'll see it in higher services margins and modestly better sales productivity numbers.
James E. Heppelmann: There's been a significant development effort, I might characterize it as remodeling, to take the technology we already have and better tune it, so that it's more out of the box, more ready to go. We've thought through the use cases more simply and so forth. I mean, PTC uses salesforce.com, and that's an example of a product that's in a box, and you kind of like it or you don't, because you can't really change it much. That puts a lot of pressure on the developers to be thoughtful about what we put in the box, realizing that we're actually asking the sales and the services team not to change the product so much, maybe not to change it all. So that's the kind of thesis there is that we come out with a more thoughtful product in the box.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Well let me just say on the automotive question, we just had 3 major automotive companies here at our PTC headquarters in the last 5 or 6 days, in separate trips. So there's a lot happening on our automotive front. I think that SLM is another potential sweet spot. Renault was our first big win. And as I mentioned last time, that's a customer who really turns to Dassault for CAD and PLM, but still is impressed by our ability to take even the Dassault's CAD and redeploy it into a more efficient service operation. So I think in general, we do have different strategies for different verticals. We're not trying to be completely different. In fact, there's great mileage to be achieved by being able to take the same technology to multiple verticals. But let me go back to sales force there. They've got everything from banks and insurance companies to manufacturing companies and whatnot using the same exact system. And there's great economies of scale and so forth in that type of model. So that said, building an automobile, building an airplane, building a consumer product and stuff, they're a little different challenge. A retail product is very different, so we do have verticalization strategies. I think we want to go as deep in each of these verticals as we need to. In the retail space, the big challenge is around massive portfolios of very simple products undergoing huge rates of change. In automotive, the real thing people want to talk to us about is platform strategies. Like a Volkswagen would say to us, hey, we're trying to build products for so many different markets, and in each market there are different regulations around emissions and whatnot, safety. If you're going to build a product for California, you've got to worry about California emissions, but you'd never sell that product in India, and so on and so forth. So PTC, how can you help us design products that are far more modular, so we can offer customers incredible variation, but yet it mostly comes back to the same standard parts that we have back in the factory. And that's really the automotive discussion we're having right now. And if you're in the automotive, whether it's commercial or consumer automotive right now, if you don't have a platform strategy, you're clucked, because you just cannot then create the variation the market demands at a price point that the market and your competitors are forcing you to get to.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, I think the answer there really is, it's a mixture of all of that stuff, and the trends are hard to take meaning from. On one hand, you have the Caterpillars and the Renaults giving us huge contracts. On the other hand, we're running a lot of small pilot projects of people that are in varying trades and want to get a little bit deeper into it before they make that commitment. So you mix all this stuff together, and then you mix all the Servigistics stuff in, and you end up with averages that you really need to de-average to understand what's going on. So I can't personally read much into the averages.
James E. Heppelmann: Okay, so on the consumption/subscription point. I think we need to separate a little bit what are the vendors saying from what are the customers are saying, because there is a bit of a disconnect there. Let's just look at PTC for a minute. If you take our entire business, half of it is subscription and consumption based, that's our maintenance business. So let's just set half our business into the consumption category. Of the half that's left, half of that is services roughly. So we're really talking about 1/4 of our business more or less 25%, 30%, that's license. Now within that 1/4, we do offer rental agreements, and some of our customers take us up on them. The principal reason they take us up on them is because they like to think about this cost as an operating cost, rather than a capital purchase, and we do some big deals in that model. Now on the other hand, there's a lot of customers that say, it actually is more economical to purchase the stuff. I always tell my colleagues here in the company, do you want to buy a car and be responsible for maintaining it or do you want to rent one? And the answer is, well it depends. If you're going to rent it first 2 days, you're better off renting it, but if you're going to use it everyday for multiple years, you're actually much better off buying it. And our customers are pretty smart about these things, so they're running those models all the time. If that model lends them money on the subscription, and we have a model to do that, I'd say it's a pretty small percent of our business that goes down that path, which really means, in our view, there's not yet strong demand. Now I would never say never. I think that day they will come. But I think you've got to look at each category of software and say, where is it in its maturity curve? If it's extremely strategic, then the customer says, I actually want to develop it. GE thinks the Industrial Internet is extremely strategic, so they're going to spend $1 billion creating a solution suite for GE, okay? I think somewhere in the middle, people say, it's somewhat strategic, I can gain an advantage, I have my own views on how to do this, I want to purchase it, integrate it deeply into my environment, maybe even customize it a little bit, but I don't want to spend $1 billion like GE did. And then I think at the opposite end of the spectrum, people say, it's just a utility, I just want to use it. And to be frank -- and that's a bit how we see salesforce. It's a very good utility. And if I switch to that topic a little bit, I love and Jeff and the rest of the management team, loves having a visible pipeline. Until 7 or 8 quarters ago, we didn't really -- pipeline was just kind of a concept, it wasn't quantifiable. But now, when I talked earlier about what our ratios are, we know what our pipeline ratios are by segment, by geography, we know the big deals, the little deals. I mean, it's really incredible to be able to slice and dice. And I think actually it lended us to a good place last quarter, because we were able to guide understanding where the pipeline was, and what were appropriate safety factors, and then give you some guidance that -- it was okay guidance, but then actually deliver pretty good results against it. And we weren't really that surprised when the forecast remained strong, because we knew how strong the pipeline was when we started the quarter. So I don't want to be a commercial here for salesforce, but I think that's an example of a relatively mature industry. People are perfectly happy to take it as a utility, and that utility creates some value. I think we, with PLM, are kind of in that middle category, where people, by and large, want to own it. They think it's important. They're putting their most valuable intellectual property into the system. They're a little nervous about sharing that with everybody else, and it should be safe, but then again, we all read stories everyday about all these systems that got hacked and so forth. And so people are saying like, I'd rather own it right now. And maybe, then I'd rather have a financial model, that's OpEx, or a financial model that's CapEx, and we're trying to really give them all the choices. You want OpEx, you want CapEx, you want to run it in your IT center, you want us to host it for you, we can do that. The key thing is just get the value to you as soon as possible.
James E. Heppelmann: And on the, what would we acquire if we were going to acquire things? SLM is definitely a rich hunting ground. I mentioned it's a fragmented industry. There are opportunities to do consolidation, and in doing that to broaden our solutions suite and so forth. You want to address the question about...
James E. Heppelmann: I think if I could just add a quick comment. The success we're having in SLM really broadens our addressable market, or let's say our practically addressable market, significantly. If you take Renault, we drove by that company every day for a decade. And then one day, somebody pulled in the parking lot and started an SLM discussion, and we end up with a pretty big order. So that's a good example that, from a CAD and PLM standpoint, that would have been hard to displace Dassault, but we can come in there and complement them downstream. So if that's true, then the amount companies that we could call on essentially has gone up by a factor of 4, or maybe 5, if you just think about what is our market share in CAD and PLM.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. So on Creo 2.0, Creo upgrade cycle, I think we're right on track for that. The last numbers I saw we're right around 40% of the base has moved. A notable customer who moved in last quarter was Caterpillar. I think Caterpillar is our fourth largest customer, and then drags with them a huge supply chain. They upgraded and the upgrade went pretty flawlessly. And the customers -- the actual end-users were pretty ecstatic and so forth. So that was a big success story. It's that kind of big success story that not only encourages other big success story, but drags with it a supply chain as well. So we're making good progress. And, Jeff, do you have the statistic? There's fairly high percentage, 62%? 62% of the seats that have gone from Wildfire to Creo have added something as they went. And the thing that would be most common for them to add would be this direct modeling, what we've sometimes called flexible engineering module. So that strategy is working well. That dates back to when we acquired CoCreate, it was a direct modeling company. That caused us to rethink a little bit this almost religious commitment we had to parametric modeling. We realized there was some real value in direct modeling, so we kind of merged that technology, or at least that concept, in, and then that was part of Creo. The other part of Creo, of course, was a major overhaul in the user interface and usability. But I think that program is going well. And if we have the year we could have, it could be a big contribution from Creo in the success of PTC in FY '14, and '15 as well.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes, so I can actually confirm that our pipeline coverage ratio is actually much stronger now than it was a year ago when we were talking about FY '13. Now, we're also more informed, because the longer you run the system and all the kind of analytical processes around it, the smarter you get. So I think we feel like the pipeline we have in FY '14 more than adequately supports the guidance we're giving you, but what we're trying to do is apply some caution around the continued economic uncertainty. If we -- if the economy got better, we could do better against that pipeline. But we're not willing to put our names up for that yet at this point. We want to be a little bit conservative and make sure that we understand how the economy is going to shape and so forth. One last factor that my colleagues are pointing out to me here too, is that -- I said this already, but the longer you use it, the better you get at it, and the better adoption, and so forth. So it's clear that the pipeline data is much stronger than it was a year ago. There are multiple factors in that, some of which are hard to unravel, and so forth. But we feel pretty good about it.
James E. Heppelmann: Yes. Okay, thanks, James. So once again, thanks for making the time here. I know you guys are busy as can be on a day like this. So a lot of great questions. I continue to be impressed by sort of how thoughtful you guys think about our business, and actually how much you know about it. So -- anyway, I appreciate your support of the company, and your time with us here this morning and so forth. And I look forward to seeing many or all of you at this December 5 Investor Relations Day, and we'll just pick this conversation up and go a lot deeper with it at that point, okay? So have a good day and thanks for joining us.
