Jim Heppelmann: Yes, Saket. Just this morning actually we did go through the pipeline kind of in preparation for the call. And the IoT pipeline is pretty strong. The question for us is close rates and the risk that some of that pipeline pushes back a quarter or whatever, from Q3 to Q4 and Q4 to Q1.  So we have plenty to work with. Plenty to support our forecast that, as Kristian said, is well above the guidance range we've given you. We're being conservative around close rates in the forecast and being double conservative in the guidance, because we're worried about software that has to be implemented in bigger ticket purchases might get delayed. I doubt it's going to get canceled. But it's just what we saw at the end of the quarter was, if you needed to buy software, you had to implement. But everybody is being sent home and you don't know how to implement it, we'll then want to just wait until we all come back to the office and buy it then. And so that to me is the risk. But it's not really a question of pipeline, it's really a question of close rates. And that's generally true across the board.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, we have a forecast. That's our internal expectation. Keep in mind, new bookings were down 16% last quarter. Going forward, our forecast would have it down more than 16%, but still above the entire range that Kristian gave you. So the truth is none of us know what's going to happen in the coming quarters. We just don't. So rather than assume it's going to be good and get surprised when it's bad, we're assuming it's going to be kind of bad. And hopefully, if there's a surprise, it will be to the good side. But certainly, we're looking at a forecast that's above the high end of the guidance range.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, for sure. I think if you look at 2009, we were really a CAD and PLM company. And those businesses combined – those markets combined were growing single digits, probably upper single digits at the time. We didn't have the growth engines we have now. And I spent a lot of time upfront to say, actually, this COVID crisis will probably create a substantial tailwind for our SaaS business, our IoT business and our AR business. Maybe not immediately, but definitely, some of it is happening immediately. Our AR pipeline is off the charts. So it's hard to know for sure how to compare this to 2009. I would say we definitely have a growth year portfolio and a more relevant portfolio in the context of this crisis than we had in the context of that crisis. And then as Kristian said, the high end of our guidance sort of assumes it's as bad as 2009, and the low end of our guidance assumes it's much worse than 2009.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, I mean, as you said, we do have relatively back-end loaded quarters. And that said, we do track what we call the done number, which is what percent done are we versus this point in a typical quarter? And relative to the forecast, the done number is just fine. But it's early and it's not that meaningful when it's this early.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean, in China in particular, even by the end of the last quarter, we saw hints of come back and definitely when we look at the forecast for this quarter, it's up quarter-over-quarter, it's up nicely. So I think we do see China coming back online and spending coming back into the system. The U.S. of course is two steps behind that, right. So last quarter, Europe was in a deeper funk than the U.S. and maybe by the end of the quarter we'll see Europe improving. I don't know. And part of the problem right now is none of us know, none of us know what's going to happen. So what we tried to do is give guidance with a lot of prudence as Kristian said. And then be transparent on the level of prudence we put in the guidance so that you can decide if it should be more or less based on your own deal of what's going to happen in the world.
Jim Heppelmann: Well, I mean, the thing you have to understand is their contracts. And once you sign a contract, if somebody comes and said hypothetically, we'd like to renegotiate that, our reaction is, we wouldn't – there's a whole lot of contracts we have too that we'd like to renegotiate. We have a lease on a brand new headquarters. It's been empty for six weeks. I'd like to renegotiate that, but the vendor doesn't seem to want to renegotiate it with me. So I'm just saying these are contracts, that there isn't renegotiation unless there's something in it for us too and simply taking them down would just be a win loss and difficult to get us to sign up for that.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I passed on that simply to save time because I wanted to talk about the strategic perspectives, but all three main partnerships did okay in the quarter. Probably of them all, Microsoft was the strongest. But with Rockwell, we had some great wins. Rockwell had some great wins. Rockwell has taken us into some amazing new accounts and I'll let them speak about their accounts. And then with ANSYS, we also had some good sales. I don't think we probably were on plan with ANSYS, but in general, we weren't on plan with anything. So I think all three partnerships posted a decent quarter. None of them particularly notable in either direction, all of them suffered a little bit in the context of what happened to everybody late in the quarter.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So Jay, I'll take the first one. To share with people some terminology so rather than say Vuforia will be based on Onshape, which sounds funny. Let's say Onshape is based on Atlas and Vuforia will also be based on Atlas. And we will bring other technologies onto the Atlas platform. And this Atlas platform will evolve over time and at some point it actually will look materially different than what we acquired from Onshape because we've taken it in other directions as well. For example, Vuforia needs a computer vision engine in the platform and Onshape didn't, but that's okay. No Atlas will have a computer vision engine for anything that needs it and then AI engine for IoT and so forth. But to get to the gist of your question today, we have a closed loop life cycle management story with significant properties being subscription but on-premise, in particular Creo. And Windchill has a lot of on-premise, but we also do sell that as SaaS. And so what we'd like to do is somewhere down the road, have a complete 100% SaaS based closed-loop life cycle management suite that passes that 15-second test. You click on a link, and within 15 seconds, you're in any part of the suites doing anything that we can do. We are not there today, but and the industry is far from there by the way. And so I think that what PTC has is a lead and now we see an exogenous factor as Kristian said, that's a wake up call that this industry have to move to SaaS pronto and pronto won't be quick, but it's going to be a lot quicker than I might have thought it was three months ago. And so PTC is going to press our advantage is as hard as we can and try to be the company that brings this industry to SaaS. And it's going to require a lot of work from us in the coming quarters and even years. But I think it could represent a significant share shift. Because of the industry goes to SaaS and we're far ahead of everybody pulling the industry there, we might definitely benefit from that. We're seeing it happen in education. That's why I started up that story is as you know, to imagine taking five points or 10 points of educational market share in two months. I couldn't have dreamed to that. But I can now in the context of this crisis.
Jim Heppelmann: Yeah. Maybe I can add two tidbits to that that might be helpful. One is when we did this restructuring, we set out to do a reduction in force, but then we said, what we've moved to this new headquarters and that might be causing some pressures associated with the commute and so forth to some people. And they might leave anyway if it's a problem. So why don't we have a voluntary program and by the way, an early retirement program. And so we serve those two programs up with really only but an estimate of what might happen. And we had fairly good adoption of the voluntary and early retirement programs. So we ended up taking out more people than we probably would have taken out by a reduction in force. We said, okay, that's fine. We'll hire them back. But guess what? We're not going to hire them back. So you might say, it's almost like we've done a reduction in force by going below the headcount we intended to be at and then electing not to go back up. So that's a little bit why our cost structure has come down so much. And then, we definitely are still hiring. I can tell you what we're hiring developers for sure in our AR business, in our SaaS business and we're making selective hires here and there and also doing portfolio work within the portfolio. So for example, based on the demand we've seen for Onshape, we've shifted a fair amount of inside sellers into selling Onshape just did that recently. So don't yet have results. But we're responding to what we see as interesting demands in the market. We also did something else we turned our premier channel resellers, loose – or we're just doing that now, turning them loose with the right to sell Onshape. We hadn't intended to do that. But we said, hey, wait a minute. If the industry suddenly wants SaaS-based CAD and we alone have it, let's not miss this opportunity. Let's put capacity on it. So thinking that is just within the headcount and within the ecosystem, we're also doing some portfolio management to move resources to where the demand is the strongest.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, well, again, there's no software and there's no data at the customer sites. So we skip all those phases of installation and so forth. And then as you might expect with a SaaS product, all the demonstrations and so forth are done digitally, virtually over the web. So definitely Onshape is set up for a digital go-to-market process and that's really what we're trying to leverage. Now that said, if you want to get in bigger deals, where there's more switching costs, more perceived risk in switching, no matter what you're switching to, you might have to call on people and have live conversations with them and so forth. So I think it's definitely more than just selling over the web, but it's not at all like pounding the pavement and making cold calls and stuff like that kind of the old fashioned direct sales way. So I think it's somewhere in the middle and that's why we're pulling more of our inside sales and more of our resellers into the game.
Jim Heppelmann: Well, let me just say, it's probably hard to categorize it by type, but let me do my best. So any services work that have to be performed onsite is a problem, because generally speaking, we're not allowed to go onsite, we're not allowed to travel there. And by the way, if we went onsite, probably the customer wouldn't be there anyway. So I would say as a characterization, onsite work is where the problem is. Good amount of our work is done offsite and really has been for years in part to take advantage of lower cost labor and so forth. So if you give us a project in Europe, we're probably going to do it in Romania, even if the actual project is in France or something like that. So that kind of work has gone full speed ahead, but it's really services work that requires onsite for example, if you're going to stand up IoT in a factory, somebody really has to go to the factory and assess all the physical assets that are there and determine how to connect to them. And it's hard to do that project without ever being in the factory. You maybe don't have to be in the factory all the time, but you at least have to go there to kick off the project. So I think it's those projects in the near-term, while we're in lockdown mode that require onsite work that are most challenged.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, well. Maybe I could start by saying where we have the highest concentrations would be, what I'm going to call generalized industrial. That would be everything from John Deere to machine tools and factories to Carrier air conditioning equipment. That's our biggest vertical at this point in time. Our second vertical is Aerospace and Defense, which by the way particularly on the defense side is where we're strong, is not really suffering that much, the U.S. government is not dialing back, they're leading in. The third thing would be Electronics and High-Tech, but that's not really consumer electronics, it's really more business-to-business type of electronics equipment. So those would be our three biggest exposures. And then if you get down to places like Automotive, you're talking single-digits which is good because automotive is a tough industry. If you get into commercial aviation, it's not that big, again, we're much bigger than defense. If you think about places like, there is been questions about airlines. Well airlines are less than 5%. I think airlines and retail together are less than 5% of our ARR. And by the way, the business we do with airlines is around spare parts management. And we don't so much – it's not about new sales, it's more about renewals. And as long as they own those airplanes, they're going to own spare parts for them, whether they're flying them or not. And I don't think any airline that's still in business is going to stop managing spare parts because they won't be able to get back into business. They'll never put those airplanes in the air again, if they give up on the spare parts. So it feels like the parts of this particular economy that I hit the worst really are not the places where PTC has the deepest exposure. And in particular, I'm probably referring to automotive here, which I think is probably one of the toughest places to be.
Jim Heppelmann: Thank you, and thanks everybody for joining us today. So in addition to LiveWorx going virtual, a lot of investor are going virtual as well. We're going to be at a bunch of them in this quarter beginning with JP Morgan’s Global TMT Conference on May 14th. So, look out on our website for the other events as they get posted. So we do look forward to seeing you on the conference circuit, hopefully. And if not, hopefully you can join us at the LiveWorx event, information is up on the website for that as well. And lastly, thank you for your interest in PTC and have a great and safe evening. See you all later. Bye-bye.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. So again, here, we haven't really seen major headcount reductions in our customer base. But an effort to, again, provide a prudent and conservative outlook. We thought that was the right thing to do to factor in some extra churn. It's a dicey market environment right now.
Kristian Talvitie: And again just to follow-on to that, just to put the guidance range, the midpoint where new bookings down, call it, in the 30% range in Q3 and Q4. That's the kind of the levels of deterioration that we saw back in 2009, right? We've provided that even at our Analyst Day scenario. And the low end contemplates something even more difficult than that environment.
Kristian Talvitie: No, we're not seeing, at this point, meaningful changes to the previously committed ramps. I mean, I think…
Kristian Talvitie: That you sneakily wrapped all into one. Let me just try to sum it up this way. To a certain degree, PTC was fortunate with the timing of the reorganization that we did in the first half, which was actually pre-global pandemic and therefore unrelated. It was really more around reorganizing around the growth businesses. And, now as this struck, we had actually taken out more costs than perhaps originally anticipated. But that now puts us in a position where as we start looking at the back half much of that cost control, we can really just think about it as how, and when we want to release the spicket. We all want to get back to a stage where we're all hiring and growth is happening. So we want to be mindful of that and we're watching carefully what's going on in the market. But in the meantime, it's more like a slow drip on when and where we're hiring and we're trying to be pretty thoughtful about where we're adding capacity right now to take most advantage of the situation.
