Kristian Talvitie: Part 9? Hey, you just put out a report was it yesterday or two days ago that laid out all the headcount like I don't even understand what the question is. I have to go to you to get the data on our own hiring plan. 
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Let me try and articulate it this way. We are continuing to invest in the business. There's a fair amount of call it go to market-related, which includes customer success sales and marketing resources. And additionally, Jim talked a lot about some of the future technology that's being developed. That obviously requires talent as well. So R&D talent is really the – also a large pool of hiring for us for the year. I think at the same time we are cognizant of what's going on in the world around us. And we're – we've got plans to hire them throughout the year, but I think we'll maintain flexibility as well depending on how the macro environment continues to evolve and how that impacts us in the short term. But that's generally what we're trying to hire is folks that can build cool products for our customers and folks who can help customers extract value from that. 
Kristian Talvitie: Hey Adam, it's Kristian. So on, the churn question. I think first I'd start off by saying, relative to last year in fiscal 2020 we only saw about, 100 basis point degradation in churn, which I think in general, speaks to the very sticky nature of the software that we sell right? And the value that customers are getting from it. And frankly, even a significant piece of that increase was really down to a couple of customers -- larger customers that were known churn, that went into this year. So, point number one being, we don't -- we didn't really see any meaningful change in churn activity, as a result of the pandemic, at least not yet. Number two, as we're talking earlier about the hiring plans, one of the things that I mentioned was customer success. That's one area that we are going to be, continuing to invest in. And we expect that that will also have a positive impact throughout the year. And then, additionally, we started late this or late in fiscal 2020, actually offering multiyear renewal terms to customers, which previously had not been a policy. It's one of the policies when we talk about, ASC 606 and related business policy changes. That's another example of a business policy change, which we believe also would continue to help reduce churn. So when we talk about 100 basis points of churn improvement, that's really just getting us back to last year's levels. And we think that's an achievable target.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. I don't – I mean, I don't have anything to add to that Jim. Okay. Unless there's a specific question Joe you're trying to get at.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. Just adding on that, I mean I think the go-to-market teams have done a remarkable job of figuring out how to leverage virtual selling environment, right and actually adapt and thrive in it. So, I think that will be a complementary model going forward.
Kristian Talvitie: Yes. And I think we tried to articulate that. A lot of the overperformance that we saw in -- even in Q4 relative to our original forecast actually created backlog, primarily for fiscal 2022 and beyond. So it's -- yes, its ramped deals going out that far as customers... 
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I think too let me add. When you look at our OpEx increase in fiscal 2021, it seems higher than you might expect. But frankly a lot of that is just cost that fell out of 2020 because of COVID. We're allowing room for it to come back in. So let me give you an example. We spend $40 million to $50 million a year in travel and that just went to zero. So most of FY 2020 had zero travel. But we're assuming in FY 2021 that, yes, we'd be back calling on customers and stuff like that and that would ramp. So a lot of the cost increase makes more sense, if you take the two years and average them, right? If you take the 2% or 3% OpEx growth in FY 2020 and the 10% in 2021 you add it together you get let's call it 13%. Okay average is 6.5%. Well 6.5% makes sense against the guidance of 9% to 12% ARR growth. That's the way you ought to look at it. It's not so much that we're spending a lot more. But that we're returning some of the spend or actually planning for some of the spend to come back as we go into FY 2021. 
Jim Heppelmann: Well, let me tell you when we started Q4 the -- what we call the beginning of the quarter forecast had a what we call a wedge in it versus a hedge. No, I'm sorry a hedge versus the wedge I said that wrong. Meaning, we were actually taking it down from the roll-ups and saying the roll-ups look nice coming from the field, but we have this COVID thing going out there we should be conservative. But actually the roll-ups were higher than the forecast. So what happened throughout the course of the quarter is we raised the forecast four times internally. So I think we saw building strength throughout the quarter. It wasn't just like a Hail Mary pass at the end although frankly a lot of business did come in at the end. But we had raised the quarter or raised the forecast three times in the month of September alone prior to the last week. So I think we just saw a building strength, and yes a lot of it was IoT and AR, but frankly a lot of it was PLM as well. I mean, we had a bang-up PLM quarter, but we also had very, very good IoT and AR quarter.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I think most of our AR sales cycles are less than two quarters. And then most of our IoT sales cycles tend to be more three and four, because it's a kind of bigger more complex enterprise system. It's a system of record, it requires some amount of implementation and weaving into the physical side of the business and so forth. So let me just say though the IoT pipeline is good and the AR pipeline is fantastic. And part of the places that some of those sales and marketing resources are going to is to make sure for example in AR that we can actually keep up in that pipeline, because there's so much interest and our competitive advantage is so strong. I mean, if you go look at the Magic Quadrant-type reports, which we'll show you in December if you haven't seen them recently. I mean, we are miles ahead of everybody in this field of industrial AR, and there's just a huge level of interest. So we just want to make sure we're in place actually to execute on it, because again, that interest won't hang around forever if we don't service it. So that's where some of the investment is going. Thanks.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. On the Rockwell contract just to add a little more color. I mean, we extended that early, because both salespeople and customers want certainty that by the time a campaign completes that the partnership is still in full force, right? I mean, you wouldn't want to start a three-quarter sales cycle in the back half of the year if that contract wasn't extended. So we really did it just to take any fear out and because it's a great partnership and we're both committed to it. There were some other changes we wanted to make, while we had the hood open, for example, throwing some more products in there and so forth. But the real thing was it's a great partnership. Let's not scare anybody by letting it come too close to the sun here where it looks like it might expire. So where are we going to focus? I think it's the same place we've been focusing. Rockwell has some real momentum with our products and they're really selling them into their strong suites. Their food and beverage, their North American automotive, their various different materials and oil and gas probably that's a little more challenged at the moment. But it's really Rockwell taking our technology into their very large customer base and really doing the smart factory kind of thing, where they add software this IoT and AR type of software to all the other products that Rockwell has both software and hardware and really build the whole smart factory strategy. So I think that's where we'll continue to focus. It doesn't represent a change. Adding PLM and Onshape, I think is interesting. I don't think that will become central to the partnership. It really is an IoT and AR partnership. But they see some opportunities around Onshape. We showed some examples of how, you could use Onshape for factory design, during our LiveWorx presentation during my keynote. And then for PLM, they have a PLM capability. Now that's quite impressive in Kalypso. And they see some opportunities they want to be able to go after.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. So let me say, Rockwell's earnings call is next week or maybe even the week after. And I'd probably prefer to defer to them. But let me say certainly the partnership contemplates strong continued growth. And normally associated with strong continued growth, one would continue to make go-to-market investments. But let me defer that question to them, so I don't steal any of their thunder. And then on the PTC side. I mean, I think, we -- what we really have gained access to is this Emulate3D. I don't think that's central to what we're trying to do. But I think we are interested in trying to figure out, how to better integrate that with Onshape. And at least have it as a weapon in the arsenal. But I don't think we're going to pivot hard toward that. I think we have more pipeline than we can keep up with in CAD, PLM, IoT and AR and Onshape. So -- but anyway, it's a weapon in the arsenal that we can pull out, if we find the right opportunity. And we've certainly seen such opportunities over time. This company Emulate3D that Rockwell acquired actually had been on our acquisition list too. So its technology we're interested in, but we got a lot on our plate, at the same time. So we'll call on it opportunistically.
Jim Heppelmann: Okay. Joe, let me – this is Jim. Let me take a high level let's call it qualitative pass at this. And Kristian if you want to add any quantitative numbers too you can. In the case of FSG, that's a business where for example one of the big properties is Servigistics. Spare parts management and airlines is the largest industry we sell into or one of the largest. So that's had some pressure as airlines were in deep trouble and whatnot. I think if we see modest low single-digit improvement in ARR for Servigistics or let's say for all of FSG, FSG will still be down versus 2019, right? So we're not really expecting miracles there. We're just saying we see some things happening that will be slightly helpful. Now as you go to the rest of it, the real thing is the pipeline. First of all we've become much better at managing the pipeline. And right now we have a very optimistic looking pipeline and not just for Q1. I mean really for the whole year and really for each of the main segments CAD, PLM IoT and AR and really for each of the main geographies. So we have a lot of pipeline. Now we don't have a crystal ball as to what could happen with COVID. Lockdowns could hurt. Although, honestly, we feel like we're locked down and I think most of our customers feel to me like they're locked down already. I mean their production people are showing up to work in the factories but the people we're selling to really are pretty much working from home. More let's say on the knowledge worker side of the business. So I don't know what lockdowns will mean. I kind of think we're in lockdown mode. Yes restaurants are open but that's fine. We're not selling to restaurants. We're selling to manufacturing companies. So I don't know what that will mean. I think Kristian was clear though that our assumption is that life will be kind of like it is now in the near-term and improving somewhat in the back half of our year. If COVID does something radical and it's radically different than that yes, okay, we're going to have to have a different set of assumptions. But we're only working with kind of what we have.
Jim Heppelmann: Let me link those comments to backlog. I was really talking about backlog as I look forward to 2021 and beyond. When I said is there's a 200 basis points or two percentage points headwind to our growth in FY 2021, which is contemplated in our guidance by the way, really because the backlog is down, entering the year. But if you look at the backlog for the year after that, it's right where it should be, in part because of the booking strength we saw, particularly in the fourth quarter. So right now, we don't have a FY 2022 deficit in our backlog chart. But we do have one that will cost us about two points in FY 2021. Two points of growth, you can run the math, that's what the backlog differential is.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. I mean we're going to give you a little more insight again in December, but let me kind of just paint the highest level picture. We think the industry is going to SaaS. And with Onshape we're leading the charge. But we'd like to bring our customer base that's on Creo and Windchill along for the ride. So we're saying what if we developed using the Atlas kernel if you will or architecture of Onshape, what if we developed versions of Creo and Windchill that kind of acted a lot like Onshape in terms of being true multi-tenant, multiuser SaaS. But at the same time, we're compatible so that you could do a lift and shift of an on-premise deployment into the SaaS cloud. Now that will take us a couple of years to build to be frank because if you're talking about compatibility then you need pin for pin feature capability, right? We're not talking about building a new product with limited functionality. We're really talking about full on versions of Creo and Windchill so that you could lift the production deployment shift it into the SaaS cloud and never miss a beat. When it's -- or why it's interesting is because that lift and shift typically doubles the ARR.  Because a subscription on-premise seat generally doubles in value when it becomes a subscription SaaS seat because you save the servers and the administration and the upgrades and lots of different things. So I think you should model that kind of in the back half of a five-year window and well beyond by the way. I think it's something that would probably run for I don't know it could be a decade. And -- but it will take us a while to get it going. So I'm not counting on anything there in 2021 and probably not even anything in 2022. And we'll keep you posted. We've got a lot of work to do. 
Jim Heppelmann: Well the lockdowns in Europe of course happened just lately. So I wouldn't have seen that in Q4 in any case. But I think it was helpful. Now we did have a pickup in Europe, but the real pickup was in the U.S. And we were able to reengage customers and customers send people back into their plants to get these projects going and so forth. And it was based a lot on expansions, but also we called out some real interesting new wins competitive wins where companies said, okay, let's get this initiative going and make a selection and get back to work. So we did see some of that in Q4. Again the interest level in our IoT software remains very high. And what happened in the fourth quarter is the close rate went up to a more kind of normalized close rate than we were seeing, let's say, in Q2 and Q3. 
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Well on the pipeline thing about a year ago, we hired a Chief Pipeline Officer, which really was somebody whose job it is to really watch the pipeline and make sure we're doing the right things to build it out. So this Chief Pipeline Officer maintains a six-quarter rolling view of the pipeline by segment, by geo, by sales channel you name it. So at any point in time, I have a dashboard that says, how does the pipeline look for CAD in Europe three quarters from now? I can tell you that. And there's a goal for how CAD in Europe three quarters from now should look as compared to what is the forecast or the plan for CAD in Europe three quarters from now. So we really have a level of data that is unprecedented here at PTC. And therefore, we have a level of proactiveness that's unprecedented because we know. For example, we might say, PLM in Japan is soft four quarters out. Get on it. We need to run some marketing promotions, we need to do this, we need to do that. We also know where to put resources. So, in terms of hiring and whatnot. We've done a lot of hiring, for example, into AR because this pipeline is so big, and we're worried about whether or not it will age out and disappear if we can't tend to it. But let me say going into the year on -- in terms of go-to-market configuration, no big changes. No big new players, no big reorganizations. It's really just keep doing what we're doing, because it's working pretty well. It came off the best quarter of sales we ever had. And it's working well to link sales and marketing in a digital go-to-market motion. We learned a lot in the last year. It wasn't wasted at all in that respect.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes, much more efficient. I think you all know this, but if you travel with airplane tickets and rental cars and hotel rooms to make sales calls, you don't get that many sales calls made. And to the extent you can do that through a video call, it's very, very productive. And we came up with some really interesting ideas. For example, we've shifted our customer experience center, which was designed for customers to come to into more like a broadcast studio. So that we could do high-quality events with the customer online, but us not in our living rooms at home, but actually like you're watching the TV news practically. I mean it looks really impressive. And then, if you're there, it looks kind of strange, because you realize it's a studio. But we're doing things like that that really make it a much more powerful scalable and efficient go-to-market model. I really want to stress, for years, I was pushing -- so is Kristian, for selling to be more digital. And it was hard, but it suddenly got very easy and everybody embraced it, because the options were taken away.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Well, Rich, I mean, if you've been in and around enterprise software for a while, you know that kind of like rule of thumb is that for every $1 you have in the forecast, you ought to have $3 in the pipeline. And sometimes it's $2 and sometimes it's $4. If you have numbers that are closer to $10, it tells you something. It tells you that you don't have enough capacity or you're not qualifying enough or you have product problems or I mean whatever. So, it also tells you have low close rates, right? Because if you didn't take the forecast up and you sit there with all that coverage somehow you -- by mathematically, you're not doing an effective job closing that pipeline. So, we have very high levels of coverage in AR. I mean -- and by the way in Onshape too very high. And so, we are trying to both understand what it takes to increase the close rate. And we made some progress, but it isn't near that 3:1 ratio, but we're also bringing in more resources. So we're making good progress and it led to pretty good results all of last year, especially in Q4 of last year. And we have a strong plan for AR this year. I mean, this is a business. It's a hyper-growth business. It has some real legs and we're pretty excited about it. Just trying to figure out how to make sure we don't leave anything behind.
Jim Heppelmann: Yes. Let me just step through that. If a sales rep closed the deal late in Q4, there was a ramp. A little bit in the first year a little bit more in the second more in the third. While if they closed it in Q4, the start date is almost certainly in Q1. And then the ramps would typically ramp on the anniversary of the start date. So that deal closed in Q4 of 2020 did nothing for 2020. It will do a little bit for 2021 and a lot for 2022 and possibly even more for 2023. I mean that's how these ramps work. So what we're saying is we have a 2 point -- two percentage points against the $1.2-ish billion $1.250 billion of ARR $25 million air gap if you will in pipeline going into fiscal 2021. But if you say well how does the pipeline look for fiscal 2022 compared to how it should look right now, the answer is it looks fine.
