Robert S. Weiss: Yeah. What we have done to keep it focused and simple is, we're basically just running one-day through Hungary. So, it's north of a $400 million run rate with lines that I want to say are 9 or 10 lines. One of the important things about the lines is their – the timeline to get new ones added and we continue on that path, and of course, as I indicated, there are lower cost and in fact even much lower cost now with the euro and everything going down. So, that's the one silver lining of foreign exchange if you're spending a fair amount of money on CapEx. It's even lower cost at this juncture. But right now, our driving factor is much more the distribution channels from that point forward. In other words, we can ramp up pretty robustly in Budapest and then our continued expansion. All the other products from Sauflon pretty much shifted into the UK operation, the monthlies. So, the focus there is on – in Hungary, on low-cost production, and that's going well. That is not our primary concern right now. Our primary concern is the middle piece, which is getting the fitting sets put together, catching up with the demand. And as I indicated, there's some start/stop that we've got fitting sets out there. They were so well received that we suddenly had to play catch-up, replenishing them, and slowing the demand that they created, and that's created a miniature bottleneck that – when we're talking about a bottleneck, we're talking about weeks as opposed to months or anything like that.
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah. The 6% is not a bad – plus or minus, is not a bad gauge in the second quarter. Fitting sets is one I mentioned – it's more like weeks as opposed of months. So the fitting set timeline, if you will, is we stopped shipping fitting sets a couple weeks ago while we played catch-up, being responsive to those people that already had their fitting sets. We will remove that bottleneck of the fitting sets within weeks.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, it's pretty predictable. The independent eye care professional loves it. The retailers, they're very vocal about that. And as far as where the practice is right now, of course, J&J was the most aggressive going well beyond new products, whereas the other competitors have pretty much been selective with new products. There is a lot of energy on all fronts that can be imagined going on in that arena, that who knows where it will shake out. I personally think that there are other options to address our loyalty and everyone's loyalty to the eye care professional who's the one that spends all the time, fitting the patient. And that's a little bit what's the undercurrent there. But just stay tuned. I'm more wishy-washy on where it goes, but I respect the individual parties weighing in on it.
Robert S. Weiss: We adopted clariti or the Sauflon position on clariti and continue that, and that's what we have done thus far.
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah. The synergies is a big factor of it. As Greg indicated, some of it was expense management. Some of it was the gross margin and the favorable mix, with a stronger U.S. showing, which, of course, was more immunized from foreign exchange. In fact, it has the benefit of lower landed cost. So, that was a part of a factor on the gross margin. But having Biofinity perform well with very high gross margin certainly helped gross margin, operating margin from top to bottom, if you will, a little less on the top line, but a lot on the gross margin and OI line. Synergy, clearly some of the early easy decisions, if you will, in terms of bigger dollars in the integration are contributors. So, yes, we are running favorable on synergy relative to this year and getting to where we wanted to get, and that's a factor. As we've indicated, the buyback of 100,000 shares and less of an overhang, our shares is a factor. You are a little right in the sense that in the quarter, we had some modest increment of earnings hurdling foreign exchange. I think, it was more like $0.01 than it was $0.05, however. And I'll let Greg maybe comment on that.
Robert S. Weiss: I think, we have a pretty good spread between the two; and of course that's spread over time, as we really solidify the two-tier system, will even get further apart. But by and large, those two products were competing in the marketplace prior to the Sauflon acquisition and really all the way through the end of 2014 for the most part, and found their niches, both in private label – in a private label sense and otherwise. There already was some element of economic ARP spread between the two. And, of course, we want to make it a lot clearer that as MyDay ramps up and is really going after the premium part of the portfolio, which is the bulk of the dollars today, but longer term will not be the bulk of the dollars as clariti goes after MOIST in the mass market.
Robert S. Weiss: The first quarter did not get the full brunt of the headwind from currency. That kind of – clearly, the first half of the quarter was already in the bag when we gave guidance previously. And so, your headwind continued to grow and actually accelerated, I think, as we got into even the post first quarter timing. So February has not been kind to the euro.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, it's kind of lumped in to the guidance we've given which, of course, has been gobbled up by foreign exchange. And I think when Greg gives his earnings per – translates the earnings per share guidance to what it would be were it not for foreign exchange, which is basically 22% to 26%, it's best to think of that increment and then some as being contributed by Sauflon synergy. In other words, we were running low-double digits, and now were running basically 22% to 26% were it not for foreign exchange gobbling up some of that.
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah. Part of that is a reflection of the fact that number one we're taking a little bit more time to roll out MyDay, meaning we've taken the time to upgrade some of the manufacturing platform. An example of that might be part of the platform has been upgraded to have automated inspection instead of manual inspection. So, a whole bunch of direct labor comes off the line, sending margins higher. Part of that is the luxury of having a little bit of time. The other thing is we indicated that the pricing strategy of MyDay will be basically more of a premium. So the fact that we will have more of a premium pricing than the mass market pricing or some place in the middle is the second contributor, higher ARPs.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, it's going to be positioned obviously out at the mass market sector, meaning a premium to that. We have not necessarily indicated exactly what we're coming out relative to the pricing versus Total 1 and TruEye which would be your two premium priced products. Whether or not it's above or below TruEye, we have not indicated at this point in time. Relative to the separatism, of course, since we've not launched in the U.S., it's kind of a blank piece of paper. The description of MyDay, we believe MyDay versus TruEye and Total 1 measures up very well. And particularly has issues of not only the price point factor that may come into play but also certain things to do with handling ability and whatnot. So there's certain features that MyDay had that when we get into detailed marketing literature we will play out.
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah. So, a little of all of those. So, I would say the continuation of the success of silicone hydrogel moving into the one-day space is a strong plus, meaning, Total 1 is doing well. I believe clariti will do well, and when MyDay gets to the U.S. market, I believe it will do well. So, that will push up clearly ARPs per ware, if you will. The shift continues from the two-week sector where, of course, J&J's sweet spot is into the one-month, which is still growing, and the daily. So, that shift is a continuation plus. I think what's muddied up the growth as much as anything is clearly UPP and some of the tactics that have gone on, and it's hard to kind of work through what that all means. But some retailers, for example, have withdrawn somewhat, contracted somewhat. And how it shakes out or how it long it takes to shake out may take a little while, but I do think there's been kind of a distortion caused by UPP in the marketplace that will flush out in the near term, meaning over the next three months to six months. Relative to Biofinity, I think Biofinity just has good karma. We have continued to round out the parameters, if you will, and a lot of it is geographic expansion. So, it's got a good name. It's well-respected, and it's doing well going globally as a factor. But I think it also is getting some windfall from a maybe more rapid shift out of two weeks coming into the growth of the monthly sector as well as into the one-day. It's picking up its fair share of the monthly sector.
Gregory W. Matz: I think if you look at where we'd be, just probably one-third of it was in gross margins, and two-thirds of it was in OpEx. So, on the gross margin front, I think as I mentioned earlier in my comments, there were probably several areas that contributed to the favorable margins. There was nothing that was really out of the ordinary driving margins, but as I mentioned, the high U.S. sales with no FX impact, especially with the higher mix of Biofinity, versus sales in Japan, which would have had a higher mix of dailies and lower margins, as well as the revenue hit you get from the – where the yen is at. In addition, there were lower manufacturing period expenses. We don't think this is necessarily a trend, and so that's why we kind of guided on the gross margin front to around 63% for the next three quarters and a little north of 63% for the year. I think on the OpEx front, the teams did a good job and good expense management. At the same time, I think, we appreciate some of the synergies that we've gotten from the Sauflon acquisition. Some of those are coming to fruition. And so, overall, it was just a very good quarter.
Gregory W. Matz: Yeah. I think from a phasing point of view, the second quarter is similar to the first quarter in terms of year-over-year challenge. You may remember a year ago, we had the – let's call it the Asia event or the Japanese event with VAT tax and a whole bunch of revenue coming into the second quarter not only for us, but on a calendar year basis for the industry. So that's a tough comp that we expect all other things forgetting about foreign exchange as a factor. And then obviously the foreign exchange comp will go down towards the back-end. We hope anyway that presumes stabilization, if you will. Our comps are easier in the back half for a variety of reasons. One is just the prior year comparison. In other words, some of the VAT tax in Japan came out of the third quarter. So there's somewhat of an easier comp there. In the fourth quarter, we had a number of events we talked about at year-end regarding distribution channels and as well as the recasting of the U.S. Sauflon launch as we migrated distribution from Hicksville into our West Henrietta facility. So, those comps are easier in the back half. And in addition, we have the – of course, the ramp-up and roll-out of the new products. So, we would expect a much more robust back-end growth in the first half.
Gregory W. Matz: Yeah. That's a topic that we just don't cover. Again, we have contractual obligations in and privacy on that, so we have not gone into that level of detail. Sorry about that.
Gregory W. Matz: Yeah. Absolutely. So, we were – we had said $0.40, we had about a $0.41 impact in the first quarter.
Gregory W. Matz: Yeah. And I think, Steve, yeah, you're bang right. I know where you're coming from. And as we gave kind of around 23%, you look at it, we're still around 23%. We're probably a little north of where the original guidance was, but it's still rounding in that same ballpark. So, yeah, the margins have actually – have inched up a bit, and that's where you get that extra kind of add-on to what Bob had said.
Gregory W. Matz: Well, Joanne, I mean, we're still expecting major headwinds in the FX. So, on revenue, as you saw, going out until next three quarters, still – currency still being an issue. So, that hasn't changed. Also, the fact of the matter is that as we are successful with clariti and we add more 1 day, we're going to see – again, we'll continue to see the pressure on – the headwind on gross margin. So, we feel very comfortable with the 63% range at this point. I think that it's the right number going forward.
Gregory W. Matz: I would say, we're still north of 40$, and I don't think north of 40% reflects strong leveraging and still reflects a lot of investment around the world in area of geographic expansion and whatnot. So I don't call 2015 a high leverage scenario, in other words, we still see that the way forward to 2018 is going to be more about leverage of operating cost and less about improvement of gross margin while I would say it will be substantial cost reductions in manufacturing. Meaning the cost will be coming down, the mix will be offsetting a lot – some of the mix factor. But mix will outplay cost reductions on cost of goods and gross margin. And then we will get leverage out of operating cost part of which is the operating cost in a one-day modality are less than the operating cost in your monthly and your two-week modality.
Gregory W. Matz: Yeah. I think, it's some of the period expenses. They were a little lower than we normally run, but that being said, they do fluctuate. So they were lower than we expected. We have seen quarters where they kind of more lined up and were higher than we expected. And so we just felt they were probably running at a lower rate than is reasonable through the remainder of the year.
