Jon Black - Stifel: Great. Thanks, and good afternoon. Maybe I'll stick largely sort of big picture. Bob, we're now several of quarter into UPP, we've seen the industry growth even trailing 12 months slow pretty notable. Can you just talk again at a high level, what are you thinking UPP is doing? In other words, is this just inventory noise on the J&J side or is it ushering in a little bit of pricing pressure? Any color you can give us on the channel would be helpful.
Jon Black - Stifel: Okay. And then just my quick follow-up, I didn't think I'd burn one on CSI, but the metric you're alluding to, I had the old days of American Medical, I just thought that was well in the rearview mirror. So, just to be clear, is this more on the headline litigation noise that's sort of scaring people away from a volume perspective? And then lastly, to flip back to CVI, just to be clear, I think you had 6% market growth expectations last quarter, and did you dial it down just slightly to call it, you know, four or five on the mid-single-digit? Thanks guys.
Jon Black - Stifel: I'm sorry. I just said, I think last quarter you gave some color on industry growth for lenders of around 6%. I don't want to put words in your mouth but you sounded a little bit more cautious. I think you mentioned mid-single digits. So I'm just trying to figure out, could you dial down the market growth expectations on the contact lens side ever so slightly for 2015? Thank you.
Bob Weiss: Well, there's no doubt that UPP has scrambled the egg a bit, not only from a manufacturing point of view, from a retailer point of view. And I think the net of it is there is some reduction of the -- what's out there in total, whether it's fitting at the retailers or whether it's fitting in the distribution channels. And there's no doubt that when you look at the J&J numbers, the fact that they went broad-based with UPP, they maybe got more of the noise tied in with them. So, you know, the jury is still out what it means ultimately, and where it goes ultimately, as I indicated, we remain kind of neutral on it, thinking there is basically a lot of other ways to service the eye care professional who's the one that puts all of the time and energy into fitting patients, and particularly the new patients. So I would say net-net-net it's tightened the pipeline a bit and to some degree a negative on the overall market growth we're seeing right now.
Bob Weiss: Yeah. For -- overall we've been saying 4% to 6% without necessarily saying any particular number in that range. So, did we dial down this year? A little -- yeah, there's no doubt that the combination of UPP has taken a little weight off of it, so that this year, 2015, I don't see us being at the top end of the range. Having said that, I think if you adjust for the VAT year over year on a trailing 12-month basis, we're still at around 4%, which is the bottom end of that range. And I would expect improvement going forward.
Bob Weiss: Yeah. I made a comment in my comments on the guidance that it really is a combination of FX as a factor, and the other factor is rationalization of the portfolio, the legacy products that come into play. We did indicate when we put Sauflon together with our product line, we had some decisions to make on which we would promote, which we would redirect, which we would discontinue. So it's factoring in a bit more cannibalization/rationalization.
Bob Weiss: I would say in our revised guidance, we think we factored the current thinking. Having said that, I would not say we've concluded all the challenges of what to do with kind of the plethora of legacy products we have on both sides of the aisle. So in some degree, some cases were taking a product into a private label modality and it will survive; in other cases it will not survive. That is not a concluded exercise at this juncture.
Bob Weiss: Okay. Well, a couple of things. We obviously talked a lot about product ramp-up with our new products Clariti and MyDay. So the fact that we, among other things, will be rolling out and launching MyDay in the U.S. in August, and when it comes to Clariti, the ramp-up of production has gone very well. We're actually ahead of the curve there, which gives us a little bit more muscle and power in the marketplace. Keep in mind, in the second quarter, with the Clariti rollout in the U.S., we were still at a bottleneck getting the supply channel freed up, getting fitting sets out. Now we're in a pretty robust rollout of our fitting sets and are optimistic we have the supply channel coming onboard to better service the quarter and the roll forward.
Bob Weiss: Yes. And part of the step-up relative to the year-over-year growth is easier comps. In the second quarter, of course, we had Japan and the VAT which was a substantial hurdle as we can see from the Asia Pac numbers, the fact that they're down for the calendar quarter substantially, 6%.
Bob Weiss: All right. So I'll take the first one. CooperSurgical, we understand kind of the revisiting of that with the things going on between our rationalization of the product line in IBF [ph]. The foreign exchange hit we had in IBF, which is an offshore business predominantly, and then now coupled with the Mesh [ph] and the Morcellator issues in the U.S., we think that's short-lived. We're very excited for the new product pipeline that is now coming through surgical. And we see the IBF [ph] business as very attractive long term once we're through the rationalization period. So we like that side of it. The fact that there is minimal CapEx and it generates a lot of cash flow and it first perfectly in what our tax structure. And with that, I'll turn the tax side over to Greg.
Bob Weiss: Great question. The data we look at is also known as GFK data. The -- it used to HPR in the past, now there is new data. But the same concept is basically On Eye. And it doesn't populate everything, but what it does populate looks very good relative to the traffic into the eye care professionals. So what we're seeing in the industry going out the door is not a true picture of what is happening in the On Eye part of the industry, which is good news. It means that, once the pipeline kind of gets realigned to wherever it needs to settle out post-UPP, it should settle out at some time in the near future while we catch up with the robust growth of the On Eye part of the industry. So we're --
Bob Weiss: Yeah, I think your read is right that the first calendar quarter was robust. April was okay. Part of that is comp related. So we're not reading -- I guess the short of it is we say one quarter does not a trend make, whether or not you're looking at fiscal or calendar. We look at a lot more than that. And there's nothing we see particularly anomalous relative to the month, April, that comes into play.
Bob Weiss: Yeah. On UPP, obviously most of the manufacturers are only dealing with some new products they've rolled out. UPP to us, while we can't predict what it means from a legal point of view, there's obviously legal activity that goes on in various proposals. Net-net-net, Cooper doesn't weigh in one way or the other. If it goes away tomorrow, that's okay. That's okay. What it means in the marketplace on AR -- average realized prices are the prices going up from the manufacturer or down. Suffice it to say, there seems to be more arguments that some manufacturers are net up in their pricing. But having said that, that's a little difficult as an assessment because in most cases, ex J&J, they're all about new products. So that's kind of arbitrary assessment. Is it net up or net down or just a new product launch and a technique. So, remains to be debated there. I think manufacturers are doing their price strategy as they see fit with or without UPP, which means, at the end of the day we're going to position products, if it's going to be in the premium market, the way we want, if it's going to be in the mass market, the way we want. And coupons and other vehicles that had been around forever will traditionally play into that, and it's kind of like UPP is just another marketing strategy, if you will. So it's no big deal to me but I know it's a bigger deal with a lot of people.
Bob Weiss: Sure. Sure. The operational efficiencies that are going well, we're ecstatic about two things. One is the production ramp-up with related lower cost of goods. So that will ripple its way into more of the tail-end of our gross margins in the fourth quarter because we -- we kind of see some of that coming through. On the SG&A area, the integration around the world has gone very efficiently, particularly in Europe which is getting the brunt of a lot of the rationalization and realignment. So all of that has gone extremely well and we're more optimistic about the amount of synergy we're getting out of that integration.
Bob Weiss: Yeah. I guess I don't want to overplay how advanced we are in terms of having done it off. We were very successful in unbottlenecking what we wanted to get out in March and in April. So, as of the end of the quarter, we were -- I guess about now, we're north of 20,000 fitting sets. Keep in mind that that is -- that some accounts have three different fitting sets, and that 20,000 is the combination of multifocal, torics, as well as the spheres. Relative to the total market, the total market is over 37,000 fitters, of which let's say 30,000 is the total. We have a long way to go to address all of that market with all of the types of lenses. But obviously we're doing that in a prioritized manner, but not always doing just the Cooper accounts. We also are, to a degree, going after our competitors' choice accounts, which to some they would be frequent to reciprocate on that. So, long and the short of it is the rollout of fitting sets is a multiyear program, it's not going to be done in total just the next 12 months. We're far from saying we're there already on that.
Bob Weiss: So I think where we are is this year we're expecting to be north of the $200 million we've talked about. And it wouldn't surprise us to be in the range of $50 million to $75 million less next year than we are this year. So for example, this -- we finished this year at 225, just to pick a round number, someplace north of 200, and it came down $75 million to $150 million. It would be in that kind of level, $50 million to $75 million of incremental free cash flow, combined with improved profitability, would get us to that $300 million-ish range of free cash flow. As far as sustained, if we talk about the sustained CapEx rate, where we're going north of $200 million now, it clearly will be well below that 200 and probably below the 150 mark post-2016. So that what we have done the last couple of years is built a lot of the bricks and mortars, spent a lot of money in what we call Speedwell in the U.K., and Costa Rica, our facility there, building the bricks and mortars. As I indicated in our capital requirements, the cost of a line for Sauflon's production for silicone hydrogel is one-third our cost. So you're talking about a huge model change on capital requirements, the same level of throughput capacity. So that's why we're pretty optimistic not only about 2016 but the go-forward period.
Bob Weiss: Yeah. It's probably a little early to, you know, too much substantive feedback on the U.S. key opinion leaders, but suffice it to say MyDay has been in the market for several years now in Europe. So we have a pretty good read on how it compares to others in the premium category where it's headed. So that, you know, that's clearly total one end [ph] and TruEye, we feel good about MyDay in that space and how the market should handle it.
Bob Weiss: Well, I think that's where we come in to play. Because if things kind of continued the way they were, with only premium silicone hydrogels, then your model would be you'll never get there. Because not everyone can afford a premium silicone hydrogel. Our whole thesis is we want to make it available for everyone and the sweet spot of the market, which is the [inaudible] spot of the market, where the masses are. Now you're talking about moving that paradigm to never getting there to probably still five to seven-year period to really significantly influence. The one thing going for us is we already have a lot of converted masses so that eye care professionals already know they like it in the two-week and the monthly market. What's going against this is you're now dealing where 730 lenses are a lot to buy. So to the extent someone is really price limited, they're going to look for the bottom of the basement on what's a good product at the lowest price. And that may mean they don't go with a silicone hydrogel. So I think that part of the paradigm is really when we talk about -- it will take you a lot longer to reach much further down, which would be more cost of goods reduction play if it's going to really get there. So I think it will move quite a bit but it's not going to move quite as high as we are in the two-week and the monthly.
Bob Weiss: All right. As far as the use of the platform, suffice it to say, our pipeline of products and product rationalization, certain products will not be able to make, at least in any short-term sense, a migration from alcohol product to a non-alcohol product. So we would not be able to take a Biofinity and a Novera [ph] and move them onto a Sauflon platform as we know it. Having said that, is there mixing and matching attempts going on? Of course, in R&D. So we're looking at future generations of products. And looking at future generations of products, we obviously will have a bias to take the knowhow we now have and leverage that as best we can. Having said that, we have so much to do in terms of the ramp-up and rollout of Clariti as we now know it, that it's going to keep us busy for several years. So, even if we did have a magic bullet that can take one of our existing products onto that platform, we're still limited in terms of capacity for the near future on that platform. But as I indicated in my commentary, that's something that the ease of expansion is proving reasonably easy by way of the cost of the equipment, the timeframe in getting the equipment in. So, two years from now we should have a different discussion on that. As far as free cash, go ahead, Greg.
Bob Weiss: Yeah. As far as product rationalization and cannibalization, there always was the expectation that we would rationalize, there also was always the expectation that some of the Clariti rollout would cannibalize, and the whole of Sauflon would cannibalize part of our portfolio and others. So the introduction of Clariti into the U.S., for example, is -- the whole plan is to cannibalize, if you will, the sweet spot of the market, which is more J&J's Moist, meaning we're trying to switch out as well as get the new fits in the marketplace. We're directly targeting their wears. So that was always part of the plan and it was always part of the plan to have some cannibalization as well as some rationalization in the guidance we were coming out with. The comment on the $90 million drop in revenue at the midpoint from December, yeah, that was very indicative of the fact that we, as we've gotten to Sauflon, see a lot more synergy coming to play and are really impressed with their ability to cut costs [inaudible] with the foreign exchange hit, we had - you would have seen real degradation of gross margin which are not seen in the numbers. So we've been able to hold on to the gross margin that otherwise would have been penalized by the amount of foreign exchange hit we've taken along the way.
Bob Weiss: Yes. So, some of that is, and I think, in my comments, I alluded to some of our legacy products, which would be your two-week and your monthly, and in particular, your non-silicone hydrogel families, are being, if you will, impacted, and some of them were discontinuing. So in those areas, we're talking about we've been able to take off the top and hold the bottom line by just having a more efficient, higher gross margin product portfolio.
Bob Weiss: Well, as far as -- of course, selling the one day and going from a two-week or a monthly to a one-day is of course a trade-up of revenue. Relative to gross margin, gross margin is considerably more attractive than what we initially thought about the one day modality. So, said another way is whereas the past -- kind of think of the model is 50% for one day at the gross margin line but a much smaller operating cost, we actually are seeing margins that are north of that 50% with Clariti. So, better gross margins. ASP, yeah, you can't compare the ASP on a one sell versus a sell-to-sell basis. You're obviously sort of comparing a monthly using 24 lenses or a two-week which happens to use 24 lenses even though it should use 52, then obviously you're going to get a much lower ARP with a much higher revenue in aggregate with that switch. As far as -- we look to the o-eye [ph] line when we do those trade-offs of the profitability. Switching out to some of these products on a profit-for-patient basis is enormous if we can switch them from a two-week to a daily, for example, in the process.
Bob Weiss: Yeah. Well, I think anyone that tracks the reported numbers of our competitors know there is some pretty big market share shifts going on surrounding that. And you're correct, the big box [ph] retailers have been more vocal, as we know, and some of that shift or reactionary, if you will, to what at least one of our competitors did in the marketplace. So, now that's a two-way street because obviously not everyone is an independent eye care professional and not everyone is a retailer and there's a whole bunch of gradations in the middle So it's not one size fits all. But net-net-net, you can see Cooper's numbers that we're putting up are pretty robust.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for their participation and questions. And we look forward to updating you on the progress we're making and the MyDay launch that happens in August when we're on the phone for our next call which is September 3rd. And with that, operator, thank you.
Greg Matz: I think, yeah, from a tax perspective, we are -- we had, you know, again, we've had some normal discretes that we normally do in the quarter. We have incorporated Sauflon, which is -- has gone well. And so it's nothing really out of the ordinary that we've seen in the prior quarter. Rate is a little bit low. You know, rates do fluctuate. We felt comfortable looking at the full year that the rate would be a little lower than we had originally guided to. And again that -- it just takes an opportunity to see where the tax -- where tax laws are going, and as of now we feel comfortable of that 8% to 9% range.
Greg Matz: Yeah. And Larry, as you know, we don't give guidance on the tax rate going forward. But there's a lot that goes into it. There's geographic split of income, there are discretes that we have year to year. And so there's a lot that we look at, and also tax law changes. There's a lot happening on the forefront. So at this point in time with our current structure, we've ran over the last three or four years, we've been at non-GAAP tax range of around 9%. So I think there's nothing that we see at this point in time that dramatically changes that.
Greg Matz: So I think Bob mentioned in his script, you've got a little bit of product rationalization. And part of that, you also have to step back and look at what we did in Q2. So, a good chunk of that comes from the fact that Q2 we were light and probably, based on various guidance, the actual is probably light somewhere around $9 million. So, taking that off, you had some currency impact there. And then as you go into the second half, a little bit of currency impact and then you've got again the product rationalization, maybe cannibalization.
Greg Matz: Yes. So I think, Matt, when it comes to debt, yeah, we are happy with being able to pay down the roughly $47 million worth of debt. And I think next year is we have more free cash flow. Obviously our uses of cash stay the same. We're organic investment, M&A, debt paydown is obviously one of those, and we would definitely be looking at the opportunity to do that as the quarters progress. So, yeah, that's definitely one of the things that we'll be paying attention to. How much, I don't want to get into, how much it is, there's a lot that plays out between now and then.
Greg Matz: Yeah. I think, Steve, just going on the earnings, it really comes down to the guidance. It seems similar, but if you look at it, let's just take gross margin, and we said it was around 63, we're now seeing it being north of 63. So we're seeing it, you know, sliding up a couple of tenths here and there. Operating margins, the same thing. Taxes is definitely, you know, we were guiding originally 10 to 12, now we're looking at -- or 9 to 11, I mean, and now we're looking at 8 to 9. We've dropped our shares a few hundred thousand shares. So you put all that together, you know, from the standpoint that we're feeling comfortable with our midpoint now and we definitely want to make sure again we feel good about the second half, and so I think we're good at where we're at this point.
