Albert White: Yes, good question. Asia-Pac obviously had a really strong quarter and has done really well for a number of quarters. The future remains bright there, and we have a good strong 23% global market share, but we're still under indexed in Asia-Pac, at about a 16% market share. So I envision years of strong growth there, frankly. We have invested heavily on key accounts around the world that includes within the Asia-Pac region there are opportunities there. As a matter fact there's a couple exciting opportunities we're working on right now that I hope we get and will help continue to drive the double-digit growth for many years. So I won't get into those details, but I will say that we are spending money building our key accounts, we're spending money on the advertising, the promotional activity and feed on the street in Asia-Pac and I'd say I feel good that you're going to continue to see double-digit growth in that region.
Albert White: Yes. You have a couple factors there that we touched on. You have to kind of piece it together from some of Brian's discussions, but obviously currency has moved against us since then and we're now looking at roughly $0.55 negative year-over-year currency impact, so that was a decent amount worth. You look at the effective tax rate, we said 14%, I think we finished the year at 7.7% if I'm remembering right, so a little bit bigger of an amount hurdle there. And I guess the other point I would add is some of what I touched on earlier in the call there, which was some of the costs associated with the activity around the growth in daily silicones and distribution and logistics activity.
Albert White: Yes. Sure. Yes, I look at the last three years for CooperVision, it's been kind of 7.5%, 7%, a little bit over 8% here this last quarter. I mean we've had good strength and good momentum for a number years. We have the products. We have the ability to sell those products. We're meeting good solid shipping and delivery and logistics. We're putting advertising and promotional dollars there. So there's a lot of positive activity and when I look at the new fit data that makes me feel good about us being able to continue to post strong growth. Fully acknowledging the world is – as its with issues and there could be some recessionary type activity following appreciating. We have competitors who are looking to launch new products and maybe not as fast as what at one point people thought they were going to, but still coming at some point. So there's pluses and minuses, but when I look at our product portfolio and what we have going on today, the momentum we have with key accounts and different spots around the world, I feel pretty good that we should have another strong year this year.
Albert White: Sure. Yes, thanks John. I won't get into individual accounts or signing new accounts. I will kind of confirm that. Yes, the key account strategy is going well. Yes, we are making product – we are making progress with relationships that we currently have and looking at some new relationships, so feeling good about that. The $5 million per quarter, yes, that's probably a good way to look at it. The only kind of asterisk I would put on that is the more success we have, the more we would be willing to support those partners that we have in terms of moving incremental new fits to CooperVision. Those costs that get associated with that our upfront cost and the life of that wearer is worth a lot more than that. So I hope that the key account strategy continues to progress as well as it's been progressing, so that that $5 million per quarter holds for a little while here. Obviously, once some of that tails off those cost can tail off too, so we'll see how that plays out.
Albert White: Yes, I would say that's true. We had a strong quarter certainly with respect to cash flow this quarter and the team did a fantastic job, cleaning up some inner company loans and so forth, so we could get some cash move back over and we paid down debt under $2 billion. So a very strong step in the right direction in this quarter and Q3 was strong also. So I would say, hey, we're still raising rate environment. I am certainly fine taking proceeds and paying down debt and keeping a decent eye on smaller tuck-in acquisitions if we can find them and they make sense meaning they provide sufficient returns and at the same time looking at now maybe start to deploy some additional dollars towards share repurchases.
Albert White: Yes. Let me touch on those and Brian will add some color here if I missed anything or say something wrong. On the product portfolio, we're in great shape obviously with our existing product portfolio kind of across the Board right now, so we're pretty heavily focused on selling the products we have and be that Clariti or MyDay are Biofinity or Avaira Vitality and so forth. We do have products kind of in our back pocket so to speak that we'll be looking at rolling out over time and we'll see how that plays out, but we do have products, we are ready to be in a position of launching products in the near-term. Having said that, we're going to focus with the products we have in the marketplace right now where we're seeing pretty significant growth. On interest expense, we're assuming three interest rate increases this year, which means interest expense will just kind of go down slightly year-over-year and gross margins, even in the face of currency on a consolidated basis, should increase a little bit similar to operating margins.
Albert White: Yes, great question, Matt. It's a little bit of a tough one for us versus some of these guys who will be at calendar year-end. You could imagine we've been doing a ton of work on Brexit. We might be a little bit better off than some of the other multinationals and that we manufacture product and have distribution centers in the UK and Europe and other spots, so we're fairly diversified. But yes, we did factor in costs associated with Brexit in our guidance. We've done some work around increasing inventory in some locations outside of the UK to minimize any potential disruptions if there is kind of a hard exit if you will. I think there's risk for all of us if they can't come to some sort of decent resolution. So I won't speculate on that. I think we'll get some answers on that fairly soon and I'm kind of keeping my fingers crossed. But short answer being, yes, doing a ton of work on it, yes, included some costs in our guidance for next fiscal year.
Albert White: Absolutely, yes. So if we look at the distribution side, you have two components of that. You have distribution expense, which is going to be higher this year, we're going to see that throughout the year and probably some even into 2020 as we start all these facilities up and complete all this automation kind of activity. And then I think you'll see – my guess is, distribution expenses kind of grow equal with revenues in fiscal 2020 and then we'll start seeing some real leverage out of that. If I look at the impact to us internally, which hits in our cost of goods, you're going to see higher costs here, because we have some duplicative costs and some inefficiencies, because I mean, basically what we're doing here is we're kind of like think of it as the analogy of we're changing the tires on the car while the car is moving. I mean we're continuing to run our business, maintain very high quality shipping standards and so forth, while doing all these upgrades and we decided to do all that while maintaining premier customer service, so that's costing us some. The nice thing about that is we should have higher cost this year, while we take care of all of our customers and so forth, but I would expect to see that starting to decline as we move through this year and probably be gone next year. So we'll see those kind of improvements in fiscal 2020. That would kind of be the piece. Then when I look at the other side, we did have a very strong quarter in Q3 and a very strong quarter in Q4 when it comes to silicone hydrogel sales, all indications are that's going to continue for the market and for us. That puts pressure on our legacy hydrogel products. When we look to discontinue some of the products or when we cut back on manufacturing volume and end up either writing up inventory or writing off some equipment. So I think we're going to have some of that activity, I think we're going to see kind of heightened cost associated with that in fiscal 2019, but then I think all the pluses of the power if you will of the successes around all the daily SiHys moves will allow us to be in a year-over-year improving position in fiscal 2020. So I kind of like our chances for a good fiscal 2020 based on that.
Albert White: Yes, I mean I definitely think if you look at history, we're a recession resistant business. We've seen that before where we've hit heavier recessions and the contact lens industry still grows, and I would expect that same thing here. You have the product trade up, you still have geographic expansion, you have expansion of products themselves better towards better multifocals and so forth. So it obviously depends on the extent of the recession and what happens, but I would say that even in a decent recession the contact lens market still going to be flat to growing and I would expect us to be growing faster than the market.
Albert White: Yes, I mean I think that what you're seeing right now and you hear from the competitors are people are coming out fully recognizing, acknowledging whether it's the manufacturers or the practitioners themselves that yes daily silicones makes sense, right. Because I mean for a little while as I do silicones make sense in the daily, do you need them or do you just need them in reusable. Well no, you need them in daily that's best for the eyes, best for our patients. We all understand that and the whole market industry is moving in that direction. So to me I think when you look at the percentage of silicones and reusable lenses, which is now like 82% and you look at what's ultimately going to happen within the daily market, and how much of the daily market moves there, I certainly believe that will go over 50%. As a matter of fact, I believe it will go well north of 50%. So we'll see how that plays out in the timing and so forth, but everything from the market perspective is indicating that, that growth is going to continue. That strong growth is going to continue and yes I strongly believe we'll be well north of 50%. Ultimately, we'll see where it goes, but I think it's going to be much, much higher than that.
Albert White: Yes, quickly on Energys, I would say that we have some effort going in there, but – and the product is certainly doing well and growing. I can't remember the number, but well, well, well north of what Biofinity is growing. So I wouldn't say there was a catch up in there, I think the Biofinity number and Avaira combined at 7% was kind of a true number. As I mentioned last quarter, we do have capacity that's come on line in Q2 and Q3 so I think we're in a better position to continue to grow that, but I wouldn't put a lot of emphasis on that. When you look at the daily SiHys side of things, we talked about this in the past, it's a little tough when you get to see a live data growth versus net and everything else, but at the end of the day silicone hydrogel lenses grew about 35% market wise for the third calendar quarter and obviously we're growing well north of that.
Albert White: Yes, I think we're probably getting to that point where that means to level off here fairly soon. I think that if we have a lot of success and things are going really well, could that get up to 100 sales reps I mean, I would say that's possible that would probably be the high point if I had to guess based on that product and the analysis that I've seen and we've done internally. So I would kind of say yes, we're at 70% that includes 20% internal. Do we continue to add people? Maybe. I go again I wouldn't see us going any higher than 100. I do think that that offers kind of that product is a mid single-digit grower this year and next year in the following year we're in a good spot with good momentum on that. So let's see how that plays out. The stronger that is, the more we would look at adding select sales reps in very, very targeted marketing and sales activity in certain cities where we don't cover right now.
Albert White: Yes. Well, quickly on dailies, right, you have to love them, I mean you don't have solutions. So what you end up with is people moving into dailies and they're much more compliant and yes the dropout is not as high. Now having said that a lot of those wearers have spectacles, then they're going to wear glasses and so forth, so it's a little different kind of thing on the reusable space. When I look at the market, yes, I mean you're right I mean the markets, if I look at trailing 12 months has grown around 7% something like that. I think – the market is going to continue to be pretty strong. We've talked for number of years about the market growing 4% to 6%. We were scratching our head for a while as to why it was at 4% – with everything going on. Now you've seen that acceleration, it's moving up into that more consistent 6%, 7% kind of growth each quarter and obviously that moves up and down a little bit. But you see that you see us growing faster than that. I honestly think that's going to continue. I do – I believe the market's going to stay strong. I think J&J is doing a nice job and I think they're going to stay strong trading upwards. Obviously everyone sees what Alcon is doing and trying to come to market and buy shares and you know what where we stand and you know my optimism about where we are. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves, right. We're given initial guidance for the year and we're looking at where we're going on a full-year basis and there's a lot of things that could happen, and a lot of different moving parts around the world. But do I feel good about the market being 4% to 6% and being in the upper part of that or even a little bit above that, yes. And do I feel good about us in the 6% to 8% and being able to push towards middle or upper part of that, yes, I do.
Albert White: Yes, I mean, I won't comment on a specific relationship or a product like that's a relatively small product. I will say that, yes, we are heavily focused on PARAGARD. There's no question about that. But when I look at the Filshie Clip, which is part of the rest of our office of the surgical products business, those medical devices, I mean we had another strong quarter at 7%. That's a good business. Mark Valentine runs that business for us, out of trouble, he has done really nice job there driving growth in that business. So we are absolutely focused on our medical devices, our core OB/GYN business there in addition to PARAGARD and we'll continue to be heavily focused on that business in fiscal 2019.
Albert White: Yes, I believe and you correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe when Alcon was kind of making their comment of 4% growth, that was a broader comment and I believe they were including solutions in that. If that's accurate, that would explain it. Obviously, the solutions market is under pressure, because of the growth of the dailies. So I think when you look at the contact lens market to be saying that it's a 5% plus grower, 5% to 6% or whatever, I believe we probably have five years in front of us because I think the shift, the trade up shift from hydrogen dailies to silicone hydrogels dailies frankly probably has five, six, seven years in front of us. So I think that will drive pretty decent growth for a long time. I think that that shift alone is going to put a lot of pressure on contact lens solutions. We have a contact lens solutions business, it's relatively small, but it actually declined year-over-year for us. So I'm assuming that they included that in there. And then, when you look at the impact from Alcon, it's hard to speculate on that I mean, I think that that would certainly be built into our 6% to 8% guidance that we gave.
Albert White: Sure, yea. And private label being part of customized products, it falls under that umbrella, right. When I look at customized product offerings, we're talking about it could be all the way to specialized lens, product customized packaging, distribution, labeling, shipping of a whole variety of things, right, the store, brand, name and so forth. So it's a broader component than just saying private label. And I think that's key, because when people think of private label or when I think of private label, you could think about going into the grocery store and grabbing a different milk. It goes well, well, well beyond that, this entire kind of customized product offering that we have. And frankly, I believe the market is going to continue to shift in that direction, which it has been. The market is kind of splitting and saying, hey branded is important, there's no question about that, but these customized product offerings are important also. And being able to offer premier shipping and specialized customized services to people is very important. So that's a big part of our business right now. I guess I won't put numbers on it, but I'd say it's a pretty decent part of our business right now and it's growing. I mean we're here to drive new wearers to contact lenses, we're here to help our partners, drive those wearers. So at the end of the day the key thing for us is, there is wearers out there they're going to practitioners offices and we want to help that whether that's a retail chain or buying group or whatever it is, but we want to help that partner grow the category and help them retain their wearers. So all that kind of customization is a big sell point for us in terms of being able to do that.
Albert White: Yes sure, and I hope you're right, I hope that, that range is conservative. We thought about that, a decent amount as we were pulling it together, because I think that the fertility business is going to be mid-upper single-digit grower, including the genomics piece in there. And I do think PARAGARD is going to be mid single-digits and I'd like to think that frankly both of those have some upside. And then I look at the base business that we've always talked about low single-digits and we've had a couple good quarters there and I'd like to think that continues strong. So I feel maybe overly optimistic, but being in the upper part of that range is something we can do. Having said that, the base part of the business for a number of years was relatively flat. A lot of those products are older products, so we've had some success, but if that goes back to kind of being flat, it's a decent size, decent part of our business and if PARAGARD is indeed a mid single-digit grower, I could see us getting towards the bottom end of that range. So I would hope that doesn't happen and I'm optimistic it won't, but I think again, to start the year off that's kind of a good prudent range to provide.
Albert White: Yes. I wouldn't put too much on working capital. We've a lot of growth outside of the U.S., which puts some pressure on working capital. I think you'll get a little fluctuation, because some of inventory and we discussed Brexit a little earlier, maybe being a little higher and then coming down, but then that I probably wouldn't put too much on that. I think the bigger pressure point is on CapEx related to daily manufacturing lines. At the end of day, I think that's the key point. We have a number of new lines coming in right now that we've ordered. I feel good about all the capacity expansion that we're doing. If we keep going like we're going, we might have to order some additional lines and you're going to have more payments. So I definitely think we're going to be over $200 million of CapEx this year. I mean, we're ordering in anticipation of continued strong growth. So I think you'll see that and that'll be the kind of one thing that holds back CapEx a little bit, otherwise we'd probably get a pretty good pop. This operating cash flow is going to show a nice increase. So I think we'll see how that plays out during the year. I'd say, yes, it feel pretty good about at least being able to put up another strong year approaching 500. And we'll see, I mean as I said earlier on something else, I kind of would like to see all this key account business continue to grow and our revenues continue to grow strong as it is which would mean maybe order in a couple of more lines which should be okay.
Albert White: Sure. I'll take those backwards. Sales force expansion we are still continuing to add to our sales force, but more in the normal course of business right now adding sales people as we grow make sense, see that in Asia-Pac is a good example. But I wouldn't pull that out as we had in the past and say oh that's a big kind of all this expense or something associated with this year because we're in pretty good shape with the sales force expansion that we've done over the last couple years, so I’d kind of say hey that's normal. With respect to the pound, we'll see what's going to happen with Brexit and that pound can move around a lot obviously. That rolls through our P&L six months later, we still manufacture a decent part of our product in the UK and then those cost could capitalize where that currency rate is and flows through our P&L roughly six months later. So there is a delay in terms of the pound. And if you're trying to model our currency rate, you get the obvious, immediate impact on currency and revenues and operating expenses with the lag in the pound, which I know creates problems now and then when trying to model individual quarters, but that's the easiest way to think about it is a six month lag. With respect to key account margins, I'm going to answer that from an operating margin perspective, which is the way that we have a tendency to look at our business and that we try to make it a win-win. We try to make it a win for our partners who we're working with, who are going to drive revenues and drive profitability and we try to do the same for us. So I'm not going to really get into the specifics around any individual or even key accounts in general, but we've obviously built all that into our guidance and we do expect even in the face of currency operating margins to expand a little bit this year over last year.
Albert White: Yes, sure. I'm not going to give you specific number on that because honestly I haven't calculated it. I will agree with you that from the time we did that deal, when you look at the tax rate and you look at the success of the business, the revenues, because obviously we gave some initial revenues guidance versus where we came in that is turned out to be a very nice deal and the returns on that are much stronger than we had anticipated they were going to be when they did the deal. Having said that, let's not forget that we did add a lot of sales people, I mean initially we were looking at our existing sales force and medical device products, selling that product we've split that now where we have kind of the two sales forces, one selling medical device products, one selling PARAGARD and we've done a lot of advertising and promotional work there in order to drive success in fiscal 2019. So at some point I believe those sales groups have come back together, maybe that's a couple years out, but we'll pull that together so we're selling as a more one unified front, but I'd say yes a number of more pluses than anything, but a number of investments in that business also.
Albert White: Yes. I'm optimistic about PARAGARD growth and as a matter of fact, we've made some good advancements there. I mean we have a new website if you go to paragard.com, which is much better I think than the old one and we're doing some really targeted marketing activity. The marketing team there has done a really, really nice job, I'm impressed with everything coming out of that group. And it builds on you're right, the New England Journal of Medicine publication and so forth, which is a positive for that product as a non-hormonal IUD option. I would say all that stuff positive, all good, feel good about the momentum, feel good about the opportunity for a multi-year growth strategy. I always try to temper that with this is a product that's been in the market for 30 years. So you are seeing IUDs grow, you're seeing our product actually obviously show better growth in the marketplace there and feel good about it. But it is a product that has been around a long time. So I definitely do not want to get out in front of ourselves there. I'm hoping that we can continue to put up some good numbers there though.
Albert White: Yes, that's a good question. When you look at that reusable market, it is growing a little bit, it grew just a little bit this quarter, we're obviously growing a little bit faster. I believe that where we're probably settling in right now when you look at the reusable market meeting all the two-week in the monthly market that there is some growth there from products like Biofinity Energys and some of the Torics and some of the Multifocals out there and there are some growth opportunities as you move into more emerging markets, because of the cost point of those. So I do think that we're going to be flat to up slightly there. I think that's probably the way to look at it long-term or at least for many years in front of us. All the growth – real growth will be coming from dailies and especially silicone hydrogels to dailies. But I think the reusable market flat to up a little bit probably is where it holds.
Albert White: We have not yet. Stay tuned on that that's something we're excited about. We're definitely excited about that. We're excited about the clinical work we've done. We're excited about the reception that we're seeing from the market, some of our key accounts who are more strategic and kind of looking ahead a little bit more are analyzing that to see how they can properly roll that out. We're trying to work with them on that. So that is an area we're excited about and intrigued about, but it's still early stage. So no, we have not put numbers on that but stay tuned.
Albert White: Yes, I'm not sure I highlighted anything in particular necessarily other than the region has a little bit lower market share and the size of it is a little bit lower. When you look at Clariti, it's doing well there. We're rolling out in a number of countries there and I'm not sure I'd highlight necessarily anything specific other than, yes, product is doing well on it is actually accelerated off the prior quarter.
Albert White: Yes. Right now it's flat, you’re right. If you look at core pricing maybe going up a little bit, but the rebate activity creating an environment where net it's flat. That's kind of how we're looking at it right now. I probably say this every call, but I'd love to see pricing start to move up. That could be some easy growth for us. We are not forecasting or assuming that right now.
Albert White: Yes. Great. Thank you everyone, I appreciate your time. And we're going to continue to plug away. We're going to continue to work hard. Everything we talked to you guys about, we're going to continue to work hard and continue on and look forward to catching up in roughly 90 days again on our next quarter and hopefully delivering a positive message. So with that we'll sign off and speak with everyone later. Thank you.
