Albert White: Thank you, Bob, and good afternoon everyone. Bob did an excellent job covering revenues so I'll focus on the rest of our Q4 financial performance along with guidance. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis and a whole reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is included in today's earnings release. For the quarter gross margins were slightly over 64% with both, CooperVision and CooperSurgical up year-over-year. CooperVision improved roughly 50 basis points to 64.8% driven by factors such as currency and product mix while CooperSurgical grew roughly 30 basis points to 62.5% driven by cost reduction efforts. Operating expenses grew 11.7% in the quarter driven heavily by CooperSurgical's acquisition related activity. Within operating expenses sales and marketing grew 14% as both CooperVision and CooperSurgical executed on sales and marketing expansion plans to capitalize on strong product portfolios. Outside of sales and marketing, we drove leverage through general cost controls. Operating margins were 25.1%, up nicely from 24% last year driven by gross margin improvement and operating expense leverage. Moving to interest expense, we reported $5.3 million which was lower than our guidance as we had a true-up of roughly $1.5 million. This true-up was associated with an over allocation of commitment fees in Q2 and Q3 related to the refinancing of our credit facilities completed in Q2 of this year. What should have happened is Q2 interest expense should have been lower by $600,000 and Q3 should have been lower by $900,000. Our effective tax rate was 10.3% and the resulting non-GAAP EPS was $2.28 with roughly $49.3 million average shares outstanding. Total debt decreased this quarter by $110 million to roughly $1.33 billion driven by strong free cash flow of $158 million comprised of $193 million of operating cash flow and $35 million of CapEx. Regarding full year fiscal 2016 results, consolidated revenues were $1.967 billion, up 9.4% or 7.3% pro forma. CooperVision revenues were at $1.577 billion, up 6% or 7.5% in constant currency; and CooperSurgical's revenues were $390 million, up 26% or 6.3% pro forma. Non-GAAP EPS was $8.44, up 13%. Lastly, free cash flow was $357 million, so all in, a very strong year. Moving to fiscal 2017 guidance; let me start by commenting on currency which has moved significantly against this over the past month or so. For 2017, were estimating a negative year-over-year currency impact of revenues of approximately $57 million, and negative $0.10 to EPS. Incorporating this into our outlook, we expect fiscal 2017 consolidated revenues of $2.09 billion to $2.13 billion. This is comprised of $1.62 billion to $1.65 billion at CooperVision but equates to roughly 6% to 8% constant currency growth and $470 million to $480 million at CooperSurgical which equates to roughly 6% to 8% pro forma growth. We expect gross margins to improve to around 64.5% and operating margin to improve to 25%. Interest expense is expected to be around $28 million which includes the additional debt from the Wallace acquisition along with an assumption of 125 basis point rate increase. The effective tax rate is expected to be around 10%, this may be higher than many of you were expecting but it's based on our current forecast which include fewer discrete items and is thus more of a true run rate of our current operations. Non-GAAP EPS for fiscal 2017 is expected to be in the range of $9 to $9.30 based on 49.4 million outstanding. To provide color on this, the higher year-over-year tax rate will negatively impact earnings by roughly $0.20 and FX will negatively impact earnings by $0.10. We also anticipate continuing to invest in sales and marketing above and beyond our normal levels and this will likely be in excess of $10 million or $0.20 cents in fiscal 2017. Having said that we do have several positive such as accretion from our CSI acquisitions, plus ideal equipment and inventory charges, savings from manufacturing improvements and the royalty roll-up and these will help drive earnings growth. Regarding Q1 we anticipated revenues of $494 million to $508 million. This is comprised of $383 million to $393 million at CooperVision or roughly 7% to 10% constant currency growth; and $111 million to $115 million at CooperSurgical which equates to roughly 3% to 7% pro forma growth. For Q1 non-GAAP EPS we expected $1.78 to a $1.88 and note this assumes a 10% tax rate as compared to last year 3.9%. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Albert White: Yes, I'll answer the first one and then I'll let Bob get into the market data. Yes, I agree with you. I mean when you look at the pound move, most of that starts for us in January, so we get it for one month in the first quarter. So when you look at the incremental sales and marketing investments, and you look at the higher tax rate which is somewhere around $0.13 for Q1 combined with only getting the pound benefit really the month of January, I think that's probably where -- that probably comprises certainly the vast majority of the delta.
Albert White: Then one quick comment on that, when you look at that breakdown between vision and surgical probably easiest way to think about it from a sales and marketing perspective as a sales and marketing each business is going to grow somewhat similar to what the revenues are. And they're as reported revenue, so if you look at that and CooperSurgical patients obviously it's quite higher percentage growth basis in Vision due to the acquisitions.
Albert White: SG&A, is it short-term or long-term, the sales and marketing; we plan on continuing to invest throughout 2017 and as I indicated in my commentary, to the extent it will open the 2018 where we're getting the top line growth we want. We will continue that modality. What the driver there is, if you have a lot of products to talk about and you have the capacity, then you should try selling the products and leverage the capacity. We know we have excess capacity and why not use it. So to the extent we're getting our payback which will include diminishing the ideal charges that we're incurring on cost of goods as a byproduct, we're going to do it and we obviously have an agenda of gaining market share and we've certainly done a good job with that last seven years and if I look at it over the last 12 months, it's been greater than 2% that we've grow in the market. We can't make much out of this quarter's numbers because we grew six on the market one, and I grew one, I'm not going to say we're growing six times the market obviously we are growing up in and around that 2X. Relative to the rest of operating costs, distribution, G&A, and even to a lesser extent R&D, we expect to get leverage out of those around the world. So it isn't to so that operating cost in total will keep going up as a percentage of revenue. As far as the Ryan plan, I'm not going to get too detailed into it because there are too many soft spots and too many assumptions you would have to make but I guess, I'd point one thing out which I think is very important. When we look at people think we're very oriented towards outside the U.S., the way we think. But the fact of the matter is our head count around the world is pretty balanced, U.S. and the rest of the world both after have to -- and asked to headcount. And that is after you count Porto Rico where will we make a billion lenses in Puerto Rico. That is the position of the United States and its part of U.S. So when we kind of think about this, every day that we're hearing about -- we -- the U.S. against the rest of the world, we the U.S. 5% compared to 95%. Of those outside the U.S. it as imbalanced in Cooper's model as some may think it is. Long answer to short of it is, I'm not -- I'm not going to overreact to any series that gets thrown around out there, and I'll react to legislation -- there hasn't and meaningful legislation since I think 1986. There has been a few things along the way that have come and gone but it would be very premature to over analyze it.
Albert White: Yes, well Steve, tough to say it right because it depends what day you choose, when Trump was elected, so to speak, I mean that's when currency rates really started moving. So if you go back to that date or prior to that day, you know, we -- we at one point in time would have been $0.30, $0.40 positive, we went ahead and win their bat [ph], we probably ended up with them -- I don't know what the exact number are but it that wouldn't surprise me -- $0.50 cent swing from what it was to what it is today, maybe even a little bit more than that.
Albert White: Sure. It's pretty much today's rates, I mean they are obviously bouncing around a lot but you hear about 1.06 -- again at 1.14 pound at 1.26, and -- I mean that's kind of similar to where they are today right, and then other currencies around the world would be pretty similar to that.
Albert White: Yes, I'll hit cash and I'll let Bob go through it on the marketing side. For this year, we're probably going to be $400 million, should be north of $400 million of free cash, currencies certain as little bit right now but it should be somewhere in that $400 million range. CapEx, we'll see how that plays out, it looks like it's going to be somewhere around $150 million for the year. So if you work out those numbers, $400 million and $150 million, that's probably not a bad way to look at this year at this point in time.
Albert White: Yes, a couple of comments. I mean if you look at their debt levels, $1.3 billion, acquired Wallace, obviously -- so a $100 million, another $150 million plus on that and it's pretty straightforward to do the math on the increase. We assume 1-Day 25 basis point rate increase happening with the fed moving here in the month of December, so we're kind of fully bacon [ph] that in for the year if you will. We could -- we're probably a little conservative on it, interest expense where we're at based on the amount of cash flow we're generating so forth and where we'll come out on that pricing grid but we'll see how that plays out. When you look at the tax rate itself, we've been running on a -- on a look-through basis if you will, somewhere around that 10%, we had a number of discrete items that have come through, we've had acquisition related activity and so forth that it allowed some write-offs and so forth that have pushed the tax rate down. Could it come in lower than 10%? It could, but I would tell you right now based on what we have today, we're looking at somewhere around that 10% with Q1, Q2, Q4, probably be somewhat similar and as usual Q3 be a little bit lighter, but not as dramatic as what you see in prior years where you would see a quarter that was 3% or 4% quarter as an example.
Albert White: Yes, and I'll comment a little bit on that growth rate as such. I mean if you look at CooperVision last year, they grew 7.5% in constant currency, 11% in Q4. So obviously a lot of momentum there. You look at the Q1 guidance, it's 7% to 10% and expecting that momentum to continue, and Jeff, I think where you're going with this to your point is if you look at 6% to 8% percent for the year and you know that Q1 and you would be talking about implied guidance if you will, so Q2 to Q4 for CooperVision in the upper sixes which would decelerating in the face of some decent investment. So I think that's a very fair question. I would tell you -- I think that giving a 6% to 8% range in today's world is prudent and a good way to look at the business but I don't think anybody would be very happy, let me put it you that way, if we were growing in the 6% to 7% range.
Albert White: Maybe just a quickly, that was exactly right, we quantify that just a little bit, we had talked last year about kind of $0.10 a quarter above and beyond for ideal equipment and some inventory charges. And we had that Q2, Q3, Q4 -- I would say that we're continuing to have that right now. Those ideal charges are mostly linked to daily side. So the growth the you're seeing is just absolutely fantastic for us, so continuing growth like that puts those lines to use and the ideal equipment goes down. So the expansion and the focus on sales and marketing to drive topline growth and driving single-use, the -- one of the nice benefit to that is it's going to put equipment to work, we obviously don't need to buy new equipment what helps free cash flow and we remove ideal equipment charges and put that into production. So I would say that we're still kind of looking at that $10 a quarter here to start the year but then depending upon our success, that will move down and hopefully move to zero by the end of this year but more likely we'll see those charges even move into 2018 a little bit.
Bob Weiss: Yes, as far as the market, I think we've all scratched our head a little about kind of the results being reported by us and the -- and the various market players compared to some of the data we see and industry data. And probably the best way to think about it is that a year ago the Americans showed 11% growth and the entire market showed 8% growth worldwide, driven very heavily by the Americas. This year that kind of flipped to a negative of 3% for the Americas, and only 1% for worldwide. So you really have to look at five quarters or you know, better yet even, two rolling years because of what happened a year ago was -- all the activities by J&J as they rolled out new products, there were things going on with UPP, so channel sales -- so you end up with probably a D-link between the way data comes into CLI and the public company -- there is variances there too an including some of the activity associated with that. So when I think of the market, I kind of say, all right, just put the two together, last year's 11%, this year's negative 3%, that's 8% divide by two it, it looks more like 4% to me and in the interim, we had a fourth quarter 4%, a second quarter 4% and then a flat first quarter last year. So last year, my way of thinking last year ripples into the first quarter so that 11% third quarter showed up has a neutral first quarter. Long and short of it is it's probably that's a look at it as five the average of five quarters if you're going to make much sense out of. 
Bob Weiss: Well, I will do the second one first, which is the there's nothing unusual about the 11% we're obviously rolling out there are some new products. We had a slightly easier cop from year ago, particularly relative to the Europe Theater was going through consolidation last year with the soft one but by and large solid -- solid quarter as far as tax reform. Well, tax reform common sense talk about or ever. And I give you two theories on our you know, I just walk in on one thing that's being thrown around out here, is a 35% going to 15% sites to say that would not be bad for most anyone. It will serve as a neutralizer two degree on however it shakes out the rest of the world, there too many different debates going on out there. There is the fact that any meaningful change would require voters are 60% of that Senate to go along with it and that could be are tough for only come what a lot of compromise, so I think it would be way premature to know if it is a net plus or net minus but most people wouldn't complain about a huge reduction in the corporate tax rate. 
Bob Weiss: So the investment we're making in SG&A is Alpha marketing. We're leveraging the rest of the infrastructure. And in the area sales and marketing that is both on the vision side, heavily feet on the street we're under index compared to our competitors and as I indicated I'm not to start quoting numbers of that, in terms of number of salesforce we're adding. So I would say we are also are rolling out many new products, some of the more conceptually new like manages. So there will be a fair amount of energy also supporting those new products. In putting the two together, we will while we're giving you guidance at 6% to 8% topline growth for both surgical and vision. We will be say growing off our sales and marketing at a rate faster. Primarily in the area of both feet on the street and to a lesser extent, the marketing support beyond that. Beyond that we're not -- like I said we're not going to really get into how under index we are compared to our competitors and I would say it's many cases there will be not across the board, if you have a vacancy or you're under index in a geographic area, and I've always used an example of a city like Las Vegas, and said you know if you didn't have a sales person in Las Vegas it's a pretty big town, maybe I'd have a salesperson there if you have a lot of products to talk about. So in some cases is adding junior people to support senior people, and other places that will be having feet on the street where you're currently making telephone calls, and kind of piggybacking on that. 
Bob Weiss: Yes, the -- on the daily side, there was some acceleration having said that, we cannot target it for basically some approaching 50% for the year, slight acceleration from the prior year, just the way we thought about it coming into this year. So it's kind of moving along those lines in the way it's moving -- it's obviously the more mature market is EMEA where these products started out both MyDay and Clariti. The least mature is Japan, and the Americas; so we're very early in this cycle in those two areas and rapidly expanding the offering even in Europe. So it's geographically across all -- all feeders and very much, we've now kind of did the redo of the -- first Clariti, that was out there and that's performing real well; so we're now expanding our attention into more than our own accounts. Initially we had to take care of our accounts that we had given the first generation if you will, products too. So a long way to go and we're very early in the cycle and obviously moving off of a larger base as we go forward. As far as the deceleration in the planned replacement area, the non 1-day; really that market if I -- if we look at it from a 2.5-year, 3-year perspective is in around breakeven with the growth all being driven by the 1-day, that's -- and pretty consistent over the last four years and we don't see that changing, actually it's been consistent a lot -- driver longer than four years but more so outside the U.S. and more recently inside the U.S. So don't see any changes there. There is activity in the planned replacement market, things like Biofinity obviously are still putting up terrific numbers, so there is room to grow and particularly, as we think about the geographic expansion, some of what goes in into China and into some of those theaters, maybe a little less weighted initially in the 1-day morality although that you can't make that statement about every country. So a lot of opportunities, even in the planned replacement arena and we're obviously continuing to grow that while the market may be not growing it if you will.
Bob Weiss: Well, as I indicated, it's off of a larger base, so I wouldn't expect the 50% to be sustainable but I think in terms of whole dollars, that certainly should be some we would expect. We have so much opportunity and we have the capacity that all I'll say is, we'll put up solid numbers throughout 2017. But I'm not going to say it's any one -- any one particularly in percentage, let's put it that way.
Bob Weiss: Yes, and I think as far as the gating of the investment spend, and is it a drag on the first quarter, yet, it is a drag -- partly because of the fact that our first quarter is always the lightest on revenue basis -- from a revenue point of view which has always been the case and we started -- a lot of our investment started ramping in the fourth quarter or so, it's rolling into the first quarter; obviously it's part of the infrastructure already and we'll be somewhat of a drag. Some of our investments, if you will, that started in the first -- in the fourth quarter and worked its way through that first quarter will start yielding if you will as the year progresses and we start expecting a return from some of that towards the back half of the year.
Bob Weiss: So I think one way of looking at that is our fourth quarter effective tax rate is 10.3%, that is excluding any discrete items. So that's kind of what the business runs, ex-discrete items we've had year after year but do not anticipate going forward.
Bob Weiss: Yes, Jeff on the size of our sales force compared to our competitors, I think if we can compare our 23% market share to Alcon's which is just dead above our -- it's suffice to say that the size their sales force compared to ours is nowhere comparable, and J&J if we're going to do allocations against market share there with their 40% market share or there in or about to our 23%, that would barely line-up. I think more importantly is -- it really is about -- if you have the products and we have the product portfolio and you have the capacity, something we have not had in the past, at least relative to clarity, my day and to a lesser extent even Biofinity, so if you have your -- the capacity you want, why wouldn't you test the water and see how good your products are? Why wouldn't you go after your competitor's accounts more aggressively? And we can't do it if we're under index on feet-on-the-street. So it's -- it's one thing if you are trying to growing methodically and you're confined with how much you can grow, it's another thing if you don't have those limitations which I'll call capacity.
Bob Weiss: Sure. You know our focus in terms of feet-on-the-street and whether it's independent ODs or ODs that are at the retail level is the OD wherever they are, and a lot of our super is very open as part of its strategy being -- could be branded, Biofinity or it could be private-label. So we're indifferent to what it's called but what we have learned in the past just because you send a bunch of your product whether it's private label or branded to a large retailer, if you don't work it, it's not going to work itself. You have to go to VOD whether they are under all of the retailer or not. So that has contrasted to maybe an online or some other mechanisms, we don't waste our time with that, if you don't write the prescription, you don't have our attention, and that will continue. Relative to the competitive landscape, yes, our competitors continue to be in various stages of disarray, Alcon, we know what that CEO and Chairman of Novartis basically said, they are restructuring that organization, there is disruption there, they have a tired product-line, BNL likewise is in a very disruptive environment, not to say the least, and, you know, J&J has done a pretty good job of marketing one product, Oasis, by any other name is Oasis. So it's all over, 1-day, 1-week, 2-week, 1-month called VITA [ph]. So of the three competitors, I would say J&J kind of has in fact together better than the other two but having said that they are obviously presenting some opportunities in their approach. Are they in UPP one day and then there are out of UPP the next day. UPP wholesale across all of their products and then they cased the entire thing come up with a different plan. So we we've been a pretty steady state in the way we're approaching the market. We have the product portfolio and we kind of feel good about our competitors.
Bob Weiss: Yes, I think we're rapidly approaching the 50% mark for 1-days and within 1-day silicone hydrogel is continuing to make solid progress growing 20%-ish in that market. And therefore it's now -- I think over 20% of the -- close to 25% of the 1-day market. So I do believe the 1-days will be more than 50% of the -- let's say that target $10 billion down the road, 2021, and who knows foreign exchange keeps coming a long kind of putting a dent in some of that so assuming the dollar stabilizes, you know that -- we're directionally headed towards that $10 billion. 1-day will be greater than 50% and there is no doubt that silicone hydrogel 1-day will be much greater than 20% of that 1-day market. And will it be similar to the planned replacement where it's close to 80% -- 79%, 80% or a lot less. I think there are some reasons that it won't -- well, beyond the 50% barrier short-term because there is so much activity in the non-silicone hydrogel mass market space that that will be somewhat barrier. To answer your question about our cost coming down, MyDay is making good progress. We believe it's in the 30s now and we would expect that by 2018 sometime it will be homing in on that 50% target for 1-day gross margin, and Clariti because of its model approach to manufacturing and cost, will not be a drag and it's not a drag today on our gross margins. So the mix you see, it's holding its own within that mix and is a -- it's not a headwind on gross margin percentages.
Bob Weiss: So on the sales and marketing, it's more than just feet-on-the-street, albeit the concentration and the focus is more so feet-on-the-street. But with the new products, with Energys, with conversion of -- from Aviara to Vitality, with the new Toric, you know, our new MyDay Toric, all that activity, there is certainly is and particularly upfront as you come out with the new products, some energy on the marketing side. Some of that will tell off and some of it will continue as we roll it our around the world. So nothing, so I would say nothing eminent where it's certainly in a -- non-investment mode over the next one to two years. The roll-off of ideal equipment is somewhat a function of the success of the growth of our various areas, whether it's Vitality, whether it's MyDay, whether it's Clariti, the growth in those products will form the basis of consuming some of that ideal equipment over the next one to two years. We indicated partly because of the continuing successes in cutting cost and getting better yields and getting better throughput. We're now talking about lines with north of 80 million unit production that two years ago we didn't have on the drawing board by way of a thought. So those kind of profound changes means we'll be able to continue to ramp up and continue to be ahead of the curve in terms of the demand side for quite a while in some of those areas, Clariti and MyDay. Al, I don't know what other -- how you want to…
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank you for joining our call today and wish everyone the happiest of holidays coming up. And we look forward to updating you on the progress we're making and on our new product roll outs. On our call in March which I believe is going to be March 2, 2017. I'll look forward to talking to you then. Thank you, all. Thank you, that's it operator.
