Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al. And good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis. So please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Given the challenges that COVID-19 has brought upon our operations and the uncertainty regarding the future impact, we will not be issuing 2020 guidance at this time. But I'll try to provide as much transparency and disclosure as possible in my comments.  To start, it's important to mention that our non-GAAP earnings are adjusted for the larger COVID-19 related items within cost of goods. But we did not try to capture all costs, nor did we adjust any of our operating expenses for these items. Moving to our results, our second quarter consolidated revenue decreased 19.8% year-over-year to $524.9 million. Consolidated gross margin for the quarter decreased year-over-year to 65.8% from 67.3%. This was driven entirely by April as margins were up nicely through the first two months of the quarter. CooperVision's gross margin decreased slightly to 66% from 66.5%, driven by shift in our regional sales mix, as we experienced larger percentage declines in revenues and markets with higher margins. CooperSurgical's gross margin decreased to 65.4% from 69.6% largely due to PARAGARD sales being zero in April. OpEx was down 3.2% year-over-year, resulting in consolidated operating margins of 17.4%, down from 27.1% last year. Despite the top-line pressures, we continued investing in our business, which meant no material changes to employee compensation, continued support of our key products such as MiSight, and continued R&D investing while incurring higher costs related to COVID-19. Interest expense for the quarter reduced to $8.8 million driven by lower interest rates. The effective tax rate was 6.2%, due to the overall reduction of pre-tax income, and the benefit of stock options exercised in the quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.51, with roughly 49.6 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was negative $63.5 million and this comprised of $25.8 million of operating cash flow offset by $89.3 million of CapEx. This reduction was primarily due to lower customer collections, a buildup of inventory and maintaining CapEx as planned. Net debt increased by $118.6 million to $1.8 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio was 2.18 times.  A few other items to note on Q2, we repurchased roughly 161,000 shares for $47.8 million. We also fixed the interest rate on a portion of our floating rate debt, given the historically low interest rate environment. This included entering into multiple slots locking in $1.5 billion in debt as far out to seven years. And lastly, from an FX perspective, the year-over-year FX impact for Q2 to revenue and EPS was a negative $8.9 million and $0.08, respectively. Before concluding, I'd like to briefly touch on a couple of additional points. We entered the COVID-19 pandemic with a solid balance sheet and continue to maintain strong financial ratios with ample liquidity. This allows us to continue supporting our employees and customers and it puts us in a position to capitalize on opportunities as they become available. We continue to prioritize capital allocation and prudent expense control while remaining intensely focused on current trends, to ensure we remain in a strong position. Al mentioned a few items on fiscal Q3 revenues and to repeat them, at this point, we're looking at CooperVision being down 15% to 20%, and CooperSurgical down 30% to 35%, both in constant currency. Other than that, we're not providing much additional information at this time. We're going to continue closely monitoring expenses, but we want to be careful as controlling costs is important, but at the same time we're seeing many positive trends and don't want to restrict our ability to execute in any way. We're taking a long-term view as our product portfolios are extremely strong, and we believe we're in excellent competitive position to take share as the markets return to normal. Finally, I'd like to echo Al’s comments about our employees by issuing my own heartfelt thank you to all of our operations, commercial and support staff for doing an incredible job in the face of unprecedented circumstances. I couldn't be prouder of the efforts we saw in Q2, and continue to see from everyone globally.  With that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Yes. Good question Matt. So you're right. So I talked about it in my prepared remarks that CVI was impacted by regional mix. So we had a higher percentage of declines in revenues in markets where we had higher margin like in the Americas down 22%. Now, as it relates to capitalized costs, and I won't get into a whole cost accounting discussion on this call here, but sufficed to say, what we really did is we adjusted the large sort of COVID-19 related costs and other manufacturing costs. Those period costs that -- we called those out, we adjusted earnings for those. So that $22.1 million if you look at our GAAP to non-GAAP results, reflects sort of those unabsorbed costs, the excess capacity and those types of costs that were above and beyond our normal operations and incremental from prior to the pandemic. So you won't see those really bleed into future quarters. We're not capping and releasing those down the road. And that's why you saw gross margins where they were. 
Brian Andrews: Yes. I mean, from a revenue perspective, I mean, it's going to be -- revenues are still down for us for the year. We haven't obviously given FX rates. So we're not giving guidance for the latter part of the year. But for Q2, I mean it was $3.5 million worse on the revenue line and about $0.10 worse on EPS for Q2.
Brian Andrews: Yes, so just to elaborate. I mean really in Q2, we proactively shut down lines either purposely for demand reasons, or to address social distancing protocols. So we incurred higher than usual costs from these actions. So, given that the production levels have fallen what you saw were those additional costs that we incurred, those period expenses that got flushed through the P&L and we captured those larger costs. And that's what you saw as the adjustment.  Obviously, with regional mix and product mix that has -- that moves the needle when you see regions dropping 22% or 11% and so forth, it's going to -- it'll move the numbers a little bit. But I would expect that as the business continues to recover and you get towards Q4 especially Q1, if things are back on track, you're going to start to see your gross margins expand and get back to normal.
Brian Andrews: Well, I mean, I think really what you had for us is an impact from COVID towards the very end of March, and April. So now that we're solidly in this and we're recovering, you're still going to see some of those similar non-GAAP adjustments in Q3. Whether they show up in Q4? I don't want to comment on that now without seeing sort of how things improve. But certainly, I would expect you'll see something similar. And again back to the Al’s comment earlier about the -- how markets are going to return and Asia-Pac possibly showing some growth and Europe sort of in the middle and Americas still lagging a little bit, you're going to still have some of that -- some of the similar regional mix issue that we had in Q2 impact us in Q3. 
Al White: Yes. Thanks, Larry. Well, when you look at April, I mean, obviously we took a hit kind of throughout the portfolio. The numbers I gave show you that our daily silicone hydrogel portfolio stood up better than certainly the rest of our portfolio and MyDay in particular was still strong. But some of our legacy products and especially if you wanted to parcel it out, if you look at our legacy FRPs, the hydrogel FRPs, the monthlies as an example, those took a pretty solid hit in the month of April. So those have been declining anyways, but took a bigger hit than most.  I think as we look at where we are today and as we do our consumer research and we talk to optometrist and so forth and the market starts to recover, it seems very, very clear that the market is going to recover with a focus on daily silicone hydrogels. That's going to be the focus area. And that's going to be because of the reasons that were in place beforehand. But it's also because of the focus on hygiene. If you're looking at good hygiene, you're talking about a daily lens, put it in, wear it, throw it out at the end of the day. So that's clearly what people are talking about that clearly is the focus.  I think we're in a good position from that perspective, because if we go into kind of more of a recessionary environment, we're the only ones who have a strong mass market daily silicone there with clariti and a sphere, toric and multifocal. And if we have somebody who is looking for a more premium wearing experience, obviously we have MyDay, which is hugely successful. So I think that's what we're going to see as we come out in the coming months and quarters.
Al White: Yes. So I mean, we had the obvious happen, right? Which was like a pullback in demand in general, because you obviously had stores and so forth shut down around the world. While that was happening, we were continuing production of the product, building of our own inventory. But importantly, during that quarter, we were able to continue to work putting lines together and getting lines up and running. And that was a key point. You'll remember I talked about at some prior quarters, how we accelerated some of our efforts. And we took a step back in some areas on cost control efforts and so forth, but we brought those lines in faster. Thankfully, we did that, because with those lines in our facility, we were able to continue working and putting them together. We didn't have equipment in Europe and we weren't relying on people from Europe or other places flying in to help us. Our manufacturing folks were able to do that work themselves. And then the other success that we had was, not only did we hit our timeline, when we started up a couple of lines, we have several lines, we have two of them that have recently started. When we started them up, the production on those lines was a decent amount ahead of where we expected. So I take my hat off to the manufacturing guys. It’s an amazing job there of getting those lines up, started running and having them be quite a bit more successful earlier than we thought.  So I mean, we're still in a situation where we have other lines coming on, and we're certainly going to need those lines based on demand. And that includes updated demand metrics right now where we say and the demand that we're seeing as retailers and people start opening stores back up.
Al White: Yes. It's the new. I mean, so if you look at the data as we went into COVID, we were winning more than our fair share of new fits. So the Americas market probably -- the U.S. market here is the probably the biggest of that, right? Is that that's where we were winning share. We had MyDay. We had clariti, as new patients were coming in and getting fit, they were being fit more and more in daily silicones and we were winning our lion’s share that. So that new fit was -- that hurt us? And if you look at new fit data, we kind of talked about 15% or kind of in that range of revenues coming from new fits. That's an important part of our business. And that's even larger here in the U.S. So I'd say the 15% is a global number. If you look at the U.S., you could argue that that's 20% of our revenue here in the U.S. You have a lot of new daily fits, you have people buying annual supplies and so forth. So that was one of the reasons frankly that our Americas number was softer, I think than probably people thought. We over indexed in terms of new fits and the hit that we took because of that.
Al White: Yes, well, I definitely think you're seeing some changes, like direct to consumer shipment as an example definitely increased significantly. Whether that holds or not? We'll see. That was a trend that was occurring and we probably accelerated some of that trend. If you remember, I’ve talked for a couple years here about how much time and money we put into our distribution centers to improve our distribution capabilities. I mean, thank God, we did all that stuff because we're in a great spot to be able to support the market as we move in that direction.  So if you're an optometrist selling products, you no longer have to have a ship that to your office. We can ship that directly to your patient's home.  But the other thing I think when you look at the industry right now, I think you're actually going to see even more or greater move to daily silicones. I think that's the direction you're going to go as I was talking about hygiene, when we talk to consumers, when we talk optometrists, that's what people are leaning towards.  The other thing that you're seeing about the industry is people looking and saying, okay, how can I do better job as an optometrist office moving forward here in terms of the products that I offer? And I think that's one of the reasons that we’ve had kind of the acceleration in demand in MiSight. Some of it’s like docs don't want to miss out. But there's definitely a component where doctors are saying, hey, this is a unique special product here. Now that I understand it and it works and so forth, this is something I want to get behind. So I think you're going to see that.  And then the one other area, I would say that I think changes a little bit in the industry is I think around toric lenses. Because that's one of those things that the patient has to go see the doc, gets fitted by the doc. You're not going to use telemedicine to fit a patient in a toric lens. So I think you're going to continue to see torics grow faster than the overall market.
Al White: Yes, I think for the two separate businesses, maybe answer it a little differently. For CooperVision, I do think we can get back to a situation where we're flat for Q4, maybe we can even be up a little bit. I think it'll depend some on the channel inventory coming back and it'll be highly dependent on stores reopening. And then obviously, for us not to have kind of a second rush of COVID-19. But I do think we can move in that direction based on the progress that we're seeing in some markets like Asia-Pac already. If we use that, and we look at that as what's going to happen in Europe and then into the U.S. and that those positive trends continue, I think that puts us in a decent spot. We're going to fight like hell certainly to at least be flat in Q4. If I look at CooperSurgical, some of that's going to be dependent on PARAGARD. I mean, PARAGARD continued to be fit, but because of liquidity concerns and so forth, we ended up not shipping products for a couple months that will come back, I'm highly confident that we'll get that inventory so forth back. So it'll depend, does that come back kind at the end of Q3 or into Q4. The survey work, we have done show cancellation rates going down and so forth. The surgeries that were involved with at least all appear to be deferred rather than cancelled. So if GYN offices are reopening, then that's a really good sign. I think we'll be -- we could return to positive growth in Q4 there. Fertility clinics are definitely open, we're definitely moving in the right direction there. We do lag as I mentioned in sales there. That's going to be a little bit of a hurt right now, because the clinics reopen. People are going in, they are on consultations, they are getting -- they're starting the stimulation process and so forth. So we lag a little bit behind there. But if that go -- if that -- those trends continue, yes, we could be in decent shape. So I would kind of say consolidated, yes, we're going to fight like hell to get back to at least be flat in Q4.
Al White: Sure, yes. If we go around the world, there's a very large number of optometrist offices that are kind of “Open”. But a lot of them have been open all along, right? They were just open for kind of emergency cases rather than everyday patients. So we are definitely seeing more and more of them open, but they're in different degrees of opening, right? Some of them are opening up with a lot of restrictions, right? Patients have to sit out in the parking lot. And they come in one by one and they clean the entire area down before that patient comes in. So your patient traffic is significantly slower. We certainly see that like where we're at here in California. You go to other spots in the U.S. and other spots around the world, there's not nearly as many restrictions. So we're in varying degrees kind of around the world. So it's kind of hard to answer that. The one thing I would say that seems to be pretty clear is that offices are definitely opening, more patient flow is definitely occurring. So the trends are clearly positive, but we still have a little ways to go. 
Al White: Yes. That's more of a U.S. question and probably outside of the world. But when we look at that activity, we definitely saw some of that in Q2 and even the beginning of this quarter. And I would give you some examples. Now if you're a patient who had a year supply, and you were ready to order another year supply, but you had to go see your optometrist and you weren't able to get into your optometrist, I've heard many cases where the optometrist said, hey, I'll extend your script so to speak three months and you can go get a quarters worth of supply, but you don't want to buy a year supply. And so I have a chance to check your eyes out and make sure that you're buying the right script.  So we've seen a lot of that activity where patients were like, hey, I kind of want to get this done and just buy another year supply. I'll take advantage of that rebate or discount, but they're not able to. So that's a three month delay in that kind of activity. I think the question longer term on that, because we'll get that back, we'll get those patients back -- come back, ends up being, is there kind of a fundamental shift in the market because of that? I think I would tie that answer more to a recession. If you get a recessionary environment, you'll probably get people trending to more three month purchases, that kind of stuff if they watch their money a little bit closer. We are not seeing that. Based on the research that we've done so far, we're not anticipating that. We're expecting the market to kind of move back to normal.
Al White: Yes. And just to be clear on that trade up, because that is included within new fits. So the biggest component of that was clearly new fit. When you shut down the doctor's office, and you don't have the new patient able to come in and get a script and buy lenses, that's the thing that hurts you the most. Now you also missed out on the trade up, which is, somebody who is wearing a monthly or two week or a traditional older hydrogel trading up to the new one, but the big part of that $40 million I was talking about is new fit patients, think about new patients coming in. With respect to us kind of coming out of this with daily silicones, if we come out of this in a decent way and the economy is doing well and so forth, I think you're not going to see much of a change at all. If we come out of this with a weaker economy, in my mind, you're definitely going to see a greater focus on clariti, right? That's the product that's going to do better and accelerate more, because that's where people are going to be focused. If you're more budget conscious or cost conscious, you're going to still want a daily silicone hydrogel lens. That's what your doctor is still going to want to prescribe for you. That's the market leading product, right, as the only real product there for a mass market daily silicone hydrogel product.  So, it'll depend what direction we go. I will say based on where we are today, and based on the feedback we're getting from people, there's enough demand out there where we're going to be selling a very significant amount of MyDay no matter what. Even if it's premium, even if we went into more of a recessionary kind of environment, the demand there didn't disappear, it remains very, very strong from our consumer research.
Al White: Yes, I kind of look at it and I'd say the $25 million was probably a little conservative beforehand, but I would say that it's probably still a little conservative right now. The difference that we're seeing is a greater interest by optometrists with respect to MiSight. Now, some of that was because people were home, right, they had the time to be able to go through the training, to look at the information, the clinical data and so forth, get comfortable with the fact that, wow, this product really works. This should be standard of care. How am I not going to treat my myopic children in this lens? How can I not have a conversation with the parents about it? So the interest has definitely increased in that product, and the number of people we’re training inside the U.S. and outside of the U.S. is definitely higher than what we were anticipating it was going to be pre-COVID.  Now, you can only fit it if your office is open, and kids are coming in and so forth. So you got to get back to normal. But I think that we might arguably be in better shape with MiSight oddly enough.  Now, we did defer some marketing expenses on that, but we're still going to spend a very hefty amount of money this year. And depending upon what we do in Q4, because we are seeing that acceleration in interest and that's not only U.S., that's around the world, we might spend a little bit more. So I'm not going to hold back on investing in MiSight.
Al White: Sure, yes, absolutely, thanks Chris. Yes, the -- in the U.S., we're seeing the significant interest certainly in the training, the numbers and so forth that I mentioned. Now that has to translate itself into fitting. We were definitely seeing fittings, no question about that earlier in the year. And we have more and more kids who have been fitting the lens. And as stores reopen, I'm confident we'll see that number increase. It'll just be a question of how much it increases and how fast it increases. Outside of the U.S., we're doing some work with some fairly decent sized organizations talking to them about this product. And we'll see how that plays out, because that'll -- that can move the needle. So I would say interest is high. Again, from a demand perspective, when you look at actual sales of the product, obviously those have been a little bit muted, because offices have been shut. But whether it's in the U.S. or outside of U.S., the interest is certainly high. I have not stepped back from kind of my position and my excitement about this entire industry. I mean, I think at the end of the day, the ability to treat kids who are myopic, and they're only going to get worse, they're myopia is going to get worse, and being able to minimize that progression of myopia is an amazing thing. And to me, it's -- you're a physician, how are you not evaluating that in treating your patients, right? So I think as more people look at getting into this space, and you talk about people with spectacles, right, as spectacle companies continue to research, I think it's fantastic. I'm excited about that data. I've seen that data. I know some of those companies, I've read their information. I'm excited about the opportunities and so forth with those guys. We're still early stage. There's no question about that, in terms of the data that's out there and the potential to put product into the marketplace. We're well ahead of others, with our MiSight product that's out there, but this is going to be a large market. It's just a matter of how long does it take to get there.
Al White: Yes. Obviously, with PARAGARD, I'd love to say yes to that. We're probably a little too early to see whether that's happening or not. When you look at what's happening in the world today with COVID-19, do people look at it and say, I want a non-hormonal option. I want what I would describe as a healthier option. We'll see how that plays out. I mean, I would think that, new placements of PARAGARD were down pretty solid. In April, they were down about 65%. In May, they were down only about 40%. June, we saw a nice rebound -- or, I'm sorry, June, we're currently seeing a nice rebound right now, the start to quarter. And based on our survey work and so forth, I mean, we might only be down 20% year-over-year for June. So we're seeing a pretty impressive kind of uptake on that now. Does that continue or does that accelerate? We'll see. I mean, I'm certainly happy with the numbers I'm seeing with PARAGARD. I don't have that kind of visibility, obviously within the hormonal IUD market, but PARAGARD is certainly taking steps in the right direction. That's for sure. We'll just see how it plays out. I hope that's true. That's for sure.
Al White: Well, boy, you’ve seen rates move pretty aggressively here recently. I think the euro went over 1.13 some, I’m going to look at Brian, I'm not sure there is a headwind. 
Al White: Yes, great question. Because in order to get there, and in order to be as successful as we want to be in fiscal '21, we need optometrist offices reopen and operating to some decent degree. We're not going to be in a situation where you're going to return to normal. You're not snapping your fingers and seeing August volume being the same as it was last year because you are going to have social distancing and the other requirements that are going to continue out there.  But we need to continue to move in that direction, right? It's almost like you go to a cold pool, right? You put your toes in, and then you put your foot in and when it's not that bad, maybe you stepped in, and then it's not that bad, and ultimately you jump in. I mean, we're still in those early stages of kind of sticking your toe in the water in a lot of places. We need to continue to make that progress. For us to be flat in Q4 and to do what we want to do going forward, we obviously need that to come back because we need new fits.  I think the volume is going to be there. Ultimately, I think as long as doors are opening, patients are going to go in there. The demand for contact lenses is going to be there. We're not seeing anything in our research that indicates otherwise. So it's really going to be tied to optometrists opening up their stores.
Al White: Yes, with respect to inventory, we saw that kind of around the world. That was probably more focused here in the U.S. because you have a bigger distributor market. Having said that, I do think the majority of that is going to come back or a large portion will come back. Now not all of it because you had inventory for instance in optometrist offices, who ultimately as part of their buying group or individually are going to not want to carry that inventory anymore, which means we'll end up carrying it in our facility. And then we'll ship it direct to patients. So it'll be a little different structure of how that works.  So I don't think all that inventory comes back. But I do think we see that inventory coming back. It's just going to be directly tied to store openings. The more they open, the more they start selling lenses, fulfilling product, the more distributors and the larger retailers will buy product that could be properly stocked. 
Al White: Yes, you did see some of that activity, right? And for us it kind of neutralized out because we saw the buying activity in March, it neutralized itself out in April from a reporting perspective. And if you look at the shift to online, you definitely saw a greater shift to online and also direct to patient activity that we were just talking about. So it'll be interesting to see how that goes, if it goes back, right? Some of that online activity is actually people buying through a Walmart.com or through Specsavers or GrandVision or someone else’s, National Vision’s websites.  At the end of the day, does that shift stay where it's at? I don't know. I mean, it doesn't make that big of a difference at the end of the day. How that’s sold through? I mean, it's not that big of a difference to our P&L.
Al White: Yes, quickly on PARAGARD, yes, that inventory will start to flow back and because of the -- frankly at the end of the day, you have placements continuing this entire time and they started accelerating back. As I was saying, we didn't ship anything tied to some liquidity concerns and so forth. That's all fine. That will start making its way back into the channel. My guess is, you see it making its way back-in in July, which it would still be our fiscal Q3, certainly in Q4. So, from a reporting perspective, it'll depend when that happens. We'll just be transparent when you guys get that information as it comes back.  If I look at the new fits, again, that'll depend so largely on optometrist offices reopening. I have a tendency to agree I guess with others who said, hey, that's not necessarily a V shape because you'd have to have optometrist offices open and immediately have a lot of traffic coming back in there. So I do think it'll be a little bit slower of a comeback. It's going to happen, stores are opening, traffic is happening and so forth. So I guess it would just be a matter of how you define your V. But I would not assume you're going to see like a mad rush back in. That's one of the reasons I think that the Americas is going to have a softer fiscal Q3 for us. And that's one of the things that's going to kind of keep CooperVision’s numbers a little bit softer in Q3, is what timing around the Americas coming back.  I do think that unless something kind of goes off the rails, that as we move back into school season, right, kids going back to school in August, September, in that kind of timeframe, and then getting back to school and realizing they have a vision problem and then needing to go to the optometrist, September, October. I think we're going to have a much more active fiscal Q4 in terms of new fits.
Al White: Yes, Chris, you're spot on there. I mean, when you go back to 2009, and when we've seen kind of economic struggles out there, the contact lens industry if I remember right off the top of my head was down -- was up 3% 2009, I think we were up 5%. 
Al White: So we still put up pretty decent numbers, because of all the under -- other underlying factors that are out there, the geographic expansion and so on and so forth that occurs. But if we are in a more of a recessionary environment, I would anticipate that, that would reduce the overall growth of the market and our numbers also.
Al White: It's a little tough. When you look at the numbers that I'm talking about right now, it's much more tied to store openings than it is anything else. I'm assuming that we get what kind of people are thinking, right, like a slow progress of improvement in terms of unemployment and so forth. Because we're only talking really about the next five months, something like that right now. I think the question you're talking about would hit us probably more in fiscal '21.
Al White: Not really, because your price differential isn't that great. So optometrists were still looking at it saying, what's the best product that fit my patient in. The best product is a daily lens. When I look at it from a hygiene perspective, or a comfort perspective, or any kind of all the different angles that you would look at it, you're saying a daily makes the most sense. To somebody who is cost conscious moves more towards the clariti daily, which gets a lot closer by the way to like a monthly lens, because with a monthly lens, you also have to have solutions on. So keep in mind, yes, it's not -- you have to compare any of your FRPs plus your solutions costs to the cost of your dailies. So that delta in cost is not that great and you're not going to want to have -- you're not going to see optometrist wanting to put some of those products over daily.
Al White: Yes, the DTC on PARAGARD. We deferred some of that. So we had some TV advertising and so forth that was occurring in Q2, we were able to defer that here, some of that activity is actually going on now. And then we're just continuing to evaluate that right now whether it makes sense. We kind of touched on that earlier is there a shift in the marketplace more towards sort of non-hormonal product like PARAGARD is such a great product, right? Does this help kind of push it in that direction? I hope so, we'll see. The sales team is -- our sales team is just insanely good that's handling that product right now. So I listen to them, I kind of take direction from them on that. So we'll see how that plays out and then we'll adjust accordingly. On the kind of CapEx side or the capital side, a lot of the costs that we have right now are already built in. That's why you saw big CapEx number this year -- this quarter and you'll see why next quarter and even kind of finishing the year out, because those lines are ordered 18 months in advance and so forth.  I do think because of the environment we're in and the progress that we've made, especially with MyDay, you're going to see kind of one of these classic Cooper things that if you go back in time and look at us over the years when we do these investments cycles, and we get a situation where we start getting in a good position like we're in today, and where we've accelerated some of that success, we do run into a scenario at some point where our CapEx declines pretty decently and our cash flow shoots up pretty solidly.  So I think that, that event what is going to happen is probably going to happen a little bit sooner than we were thinking. It's just a matter of when that's going to happen. But I think cash will continue to be tight because of CapEx for a little while. And then it will increase materially.
Al White: Yes, it's always a little hard to say. I mean we have good visibility when it comes to some of the guys, right, like our distributors and so forth. And then we have less visibility when it comes to some of the retailers, especially the retailers who have a lot of stores out there that might not be corporate-owned, right, that could be franchise stores and so forth. And then the optometrist office makes it even a little bit more challenging, right? So I was trying to piece that out when I was looking at the month of April and that I kind of got to that $35 million number, right? It's -- all those are a little bit squishy. But I kind of think that, that was a number, right, maybe it's not as massive as it could have been. But I didn't see like a huge change. And one of the things that's kind of interesting as we've seen is some of these retailers are already kind of building up and they're anticipating that things are going to be okay. So, I shouldn't say build up, right? But they didn't go quite down as far as much as I thought they would have gone from an inventory perspective. And they seem to be kind of starting maybe to come back a little bit. So, it's a hard one Steve. We've talked about that over the years. It's always a struggle. 
Al White: Yes, we don't really see that. So it's pretty rare that we see someone trade down. Once someone moves to a daily, it would be not even -- it'd probably be stronger, like incredibly rare to see that person go back to like a two-week or a monthly lens. I think you're going continue to see it and maybe some of that shifting decreases a little bit. We'll kind of see how that plays out, right? Because that would be you’re more cost conscious. We move into next year and you're not seeing people want to switch. They're happy with their two-week or their monthly lens and their doctor saying, hey, this is a better product for you, this daily SiHy and you should think about the shift and it's a little bit more expensive. Somebody's like, I'm happy where I'm at, I'll just go ahead and stick with what I have. I would think that's possible. And it's definitely more likely in the more of a recessionary environment where people are more cost conscious. So it'll be interesting to see how that one plays out.
Al White: Yes. So I was talking more about the training. So people getting certified, people being ready to sell the product. We've probably done around $3 million through the first six months. I was still talking about $7 million to $8 million for this year. So looking for some improvement here as we exit the year and certainly some improvement in Q4 as offices are opening back up. That's -- I'm basing that off the commentary that we've received from docs out there, who have gone through this, who are now certified fitters and able to fit, their commentary that they are going to be talking to parents about that, and having discussions and so forth. So what I was really referring to was, we're getting more trainings, right, we have more docs certified and more docs in the process of being certified than we would have had if we wouldn't have done it online.
Al White: Great, thank you. Thank you, everyone. I appreciate your time today. We had a lot to go through. So I think we hit on the high points and I look forward to catching up with everyone again in three months. So thank you.
