Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Our third quarter consolidated revenues decreased 15% or 14% in constant currency to $578 million. Consolidated gross margin decreased year-over-year to 66.3% from 67.3%, primarily driven by lower PARAGARD sales and higher expenses associated with COVID, partially offset by positive product mix at CooperVision. CooperVision's gross margin decreased to 64.8% from 65.6%. CooperSurgical's gross margin was 71.5%, down from 72.4%. OpEx was down 5.8% year-over-year, resulting in consolidated operating margins of 23.2%, down from 28.4% last year. Despite the top line pressures, our performance exceeded expectations as we effectively managed expenses, offsetting higher COVID-related costs. We did this while supporting our employees, funding higher MiSight and PARAGARD advertising programs and maintaining investments in internal projects, such as upgrading our IT infrastructure. We will continue to closely monitor expenses, balancing the costs against investment opportunities. Interest expense for the quarter was $5.7 million, driven by lower interest rates. The effective tax rate was 14%, reflecting the geographic mix of income and lack of option activity. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.28 with roughly 49.5 million average shares outstanding. And the year-over-year FX impact for Q3 to revenue and EPS was a negative $3.3 million and a positive $0.03. Free cash flow was $68 million comprised of $113 million of operating cash flow, offset by $45 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased by $67 million to $1.75 billion, and our adjusted leverage ratio was 2.23 time. Given we're approaching the end of our multiyear capital expansion project, we remain very comfortable with our current and expected liquidity and leverage. Moving to guidance for Q4. We're guiding to consolidated revenues of $665 million to $693 million. This includes CooperVision at $500 million to $520 million, which is minus 2% to plus 2% on an as-reported basis or minus 4% to flat in constant currency. This incorporates our strong Q3 and tough comp from last year, which included 11% growth in Asia Pac from buy-in associated with the Japan VAT increase. For CooperSurgical, we're guiding to $165 million to $173 million, which is minus 9% to minus 5% as reported or minus 10% to minus 6% in constant currency. This also incorporates our strong Q3 and tough comp from last year, which included 12% fertility growth. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $3 and $3.20. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Yes. No, there's not much to add to that. I mean we were down $5 million sequentially, $53 million more revenues. We'll have some MiSight investments that will hit us in Q4. But I think we're in a good place and nothing really to add to Al.
Brian Andrews: Yes. I absolutely believe that, that could be the case. I mean I would expect that this year will be our peak year for CapEx, coming down next year and then coming down the year after. So with that comes free cash flow delivery, and I would expect free cash flow to go up.
Al White: Yes. Larry, when we're talking about rebating, the vast majority of what we're discussing here and what you're referencing, I believe, is associated with U.S. consumer rebating. So it's a relatively small part of what occurs on a global basis from a pricing perspective. But there was some activity during the quarter from one of our competitors. I guess all I could say is when you look at that, I'm not going to comment on their strategy behind why they've decided they wanted to give up profits. But for us, we have a pretty strong product portfolio, obviously, we're gaining market share. We're doing really well with what we have in the marketplace, and rolling out new products, and we're excited about where we stand. So we feel like we're in a really good position. So I don't have much to comment on that other than just we're pretty happy with our position and where things are going.
Al White: Yes, sure. So from a production perspective, we're in really good shape right now. We're definitely in a good shape with MyDay and included -- including MyDay toric, as we talked about, we ramped up a number of lines here over the last couple of quarters, and production is ramping up nicely. So we've continued with full production on MyDay. I think we'll continue on full production. I don't see us stepping back with respect to MyDay production based on the demand we're kind of seeing around the world. With respect to the call-outs from the quarter, yes, we had a number of COVID-related call-outs associated with some specific COVID-related actions that we took if we had an employee or someone who was infected and we had to take actions. And then we also proactively initiated an inventory control project, and that meant taking some lines down. So those were the costs that were incurred associated with that. We do not anticipate having any of those kind of costs occurring in fiscal '21.
Al White: This is a multipart question. First off, thanks, Larry. Yes, it was a good quarter, so appreciate that. On the restocking, some of it is a little hard to get your hands around as you go down in doctors' offices and so forth. But I think it would be fair to say that we probably had about half of that restocking come in this past fiscal quarter. So in fiscal Q3, I think we'll get the rest of the stocking that we lost in Q2 back during Q4. So I've kind of split the two of them in half to some degree. If you look at June, July, August, June was down 3%, July was down 2%. I'm not going to get into specific monthly numbers going forward because I'm not sure that's a good thing to keep doing. We did it because of COVID and so forth, but I guess I will say that, for August, CooperVision and CooperSurgical both grew year-over-year on a constant currency basis. So obviously good news there. If you look at the Q4 guidance for CooperVision, yes, I was talking about fighting hard to get back to flat. Our guidance shows minus 4% to flat on a constant currency basis, up a little bit without currency, as reported. I think part of that frankly just goes to -- we've seen consumption increase, and it increased faster than we were anticipating, which is great news, right? But that did pull some of that channel inventory fill into Q3. So let's say that we were thinking $5 million, $7 million, $8 million, something in Q3, we ended up with probably $10 million extra channel fill that moved from Q4 into Q3 that you don't have that as an easier way, if you will, to report the stronger Q4. Having said that, I'll take all day long the pickup in consumption and improvement in the marketplace.
Al White: Yes, I think so because I think right now, ECP offices are open. They're basically all open right now. Now there are different degrees in terms of how many patients are seeing -- a very significant percentage of them are back doing new fits, so that's good news. Now they're not at the same level they were historically, but their back door is open, patients coming in, new fits occurring, so a lot of positives from that perspective. Yes, our performance is better than that, if you will. That's coming from share gains. And we kind of saw that in calendar Q2. I believe we're continuing to see those share gains right now. And I think that, that goes back to what I've talked about over the last couple of years, right, which has been more tied to our own strategies. And I know a few people may have been frustrated every quarter, I get on, I talk about distribution investments and product launches and that kind of stuff. But if you look at what we've accomplished over the last couple of years and where we are with key account relationships, the focus that we put there, right, with launching the new products, with upgrading those distribution capabilities so we can ship product directly to people's homes and what we've done in terms of expanding our manufacturing, we're just in a really good spot. So yes, the market is coming back, and we're taking share in that market. And when you look at some of the unique products we have like Biofinity Energys and our ortho-k lenses, specialty lenses and so forth, it puts us in a really nice position to continue that. And that's the last point I'd touch on, which is we're launching MiSight. We're having conversations with a lot of optometrists about MiSight, and we are starting to see that halo effect, where you're having those conversations with people, you're able to talk to them about your other products.
Al White: Yes. Good question. I'm not going to get too much into the pipeline. I mean we have some new products that will be coming out. We also have some expanded things like the expanded toric range we have going out for clariti right now. So I don't want to get too much into that from a competitive perspective other than to say that the backlog is pretty good right now, and you'll be seeing more products coming.
Al White: Yes. I think the backlog is helping a little bit, right, because we did see some of that pullout of inventory in Q2. And because consumption has picked back up, that's a situation where distributors, retailers need to order product back up and stock their shelves, so we have not really seen a pullback in terms of the marketplace right now. So when you look at fitting going on there, new fitting, but I'm speaking with respect to our products. Again, I think where -- we took share. I think we're continuing to take share. So I can't really comment on that on the marketplace, but I can tell you, things continue to move in the right direction for us. If you look at Q4, I certainly don't want to stay conservative. And I guess I'd say that for two reasons. One, COVID still exists, and it's still out there, and there are still spikes and so forth. So I think you still need to take into consideration the potential for some disruption associated with COVID around the world. And the other one I would mention is, as a comp, we did 7% last quarter, and including we had some buy-in in September last year in Asia Pac because of the VAT increase in Japan. So we'll see how it plays out. I mean I'd love to be able to tell you after the fact it was conservative. But right now, I think that's probably a pretty reasonable guidance.
Al White: Yes. On MiSight, what are we at, around $4.5 million for the year. So yes, I still think we have a chance to get into that $7 million to $8 million range based on how successful things are going right now. You would think that new fit -- with the way new fits are and so forth, that would be impacting it a lot more than it is. But we seem to be kind of plowing through some of that from a physician's perspective. So I still think we can be in that $7 million to $8 million range. And then I still think we'll be $25 million or so in MiSight revenue next year. I think on the acquisition you're talking about...
Al White: Yes, same thing -- okay. Yes, yes, yes. On the product, yes. So we acquired that business at the beginning of August for about 25 -- I'm looking at, Brian, $27 million, something like that.
Al White: Yes. So getting the label beyond 8 to 12 will be a little challenging here just in terms of where we are from a clinical perspective. Now we're doing a lot of R&D and clinical work and so forth, and we'll have -- we'll expand out the product offering and so forth. But I don't think we'll be seeing a label beyond 8 to 12 for a little while. But keep in mind two things. One, that's here in the U.S. market per the FDA. Outside of the U.S., you don't have that restriction. And then even here in the U.S., based on some of the initial fitting -- because we already have hundreds of kids in the U.S. are already wearing MiSight, and a doc could fit it off-label if they wanted to. With respect to the halo effect, it's still really early here in the U.S. We've seen some of that halo effect outside of the U.S. We're seeing it some here in the U.S. in terms of conversations we're having because we're getting ECPs wanting to talk to us, wanting to have a dialogue about what is MiSight, how does it work, how do I sell it, how do I bring that into my practice, right, how do I adjust my practice to accommodate MiSight, how do I incorporate telemedicine into that sale. All that kind of stuff, well, as you can imagine, when you're having that dialogue with them, you're also taking the opportunity to talk about your other products. So there's no question there's a positive halo effect there. But at this point in time, I don't really have numbers to be able to give you to specifically point to.
Al White: Yes, I do think it can. I mean you're going to have inventory work itself back here, as we talked about. So you kind of take that off. If you look at consumption, I think we were all concerned about consumption to some degree. People working from home and what was going on, what we've seen more recently here over the last couple of months is, one, people going back to work. Our office here is probably a third to a half filled up on most days. But the other thing you're seeing is the video conferencing. You do video conferencing now, in our company at least, and I think it's trued in a lot of places. You are on the screen, so it's not a conference call. It's a video call. So the same reason that people are wearing lenses for cosmetic reasons, they're now wearing them because they're probably even more conscious about how they're looking than they were even coming into the office. So that's helped. There's other anecdotal stuff you talk about glasses fogging up as an example, right? I mean so you're seeing contact lens wearers actually wear their contact lenses more because they're getting annoyed with glasses fogging up, and you think that's only going to be worse in many parts of the country as winter gets here. So I think there are some -- there is obviously negatives on consumption, but there's positives on consumption that we probably weren't anticipating. New fits are definitely coming back up. There's been some pent-up demand on new fits. We've heard that. We've seen that in the research that we're doing out there and especially among your teenagers, your younger group of people. So COVID is still out there. It still exists, right? It's still a challenge in a lot of parts of the world and some markets coming back. So I certainly don't want to get ahead of ourselves. But I do think, as we move into next year, depending upon when it is during the year, you're going to see contact lenses move back to normal growth rates, if you will.
Al White: Sure. I'll answer the first one, give a shot on the second one and let Brian add, if he has color he wants to add. It's tough on the back-to-school side of things. I mean we're -- we were sitting, at one point, months ago, thinking that, that was going to be close to zero. Back-to-school has kind of turned to, if anything, back to learning, if you will, right, where you're seeing people online and learning online. And what we've seen from a lot of people and kids, right, is everything that goes along with that, the headaches, the digital eye fatigue and so forth and parents reacting by calling optometrists and asking them about that. So the decline that we saw -- that we thought we would see has not happened. It's really hard to give specific numbers around that, but it's clearly better than we anticipated it was going to be, and it seems to be holding that way with parents concerned about their kids' eyesight. On margin expansion or on expense control, if you will, I mean, I think we did a really nice job. Well, I know Brian did a really nice job and the team here in terms of controlling expenses, some natural, some controlled, if you will. I'm not sure there's quite that much more to do, but I think we're in pretty good place with our expense control. I'll let Brian add to that.
Al White: Yes. I'll touch on that one first. It's interesting. We talk about digital eye fatigue with kids because they're doing social media or TikTok or video games and all that other kind of stuff they do, and now they're doing their school on, on video. But it happens with parents also, obviously. We're on screens and doing all of our stuff. And then we're also at work doing stuff, and now we're on Zoom calls and whatever else all the time. That's what Biofinity Energys is about. So yes, I mean, it actually grew in the quarter, which was a pleasant surprise. I don't think you're going to see really higher marketing, if you will, from us associated with it. But you'll certainly see us reminding people that it's out there. I mean they know that it's out there because sales are growing, but putting a little emphasis on it and just saying, hey, guys, as a reminder, for those of you who are not fitting Energys, for all those people who are calling and talking to you about digital eye fatigue and some of the issues you're having, this is a perfect product for them. So, yes, that product is doing really well. We launched it probably two, three years ago, something like that, and it's done fine. But it's clearly doing better now, and I guess, if anything, right, COVID is like upside, if you will, for a product like Biofinity Energys, bringing attention to it. On PARAGARD, I mean we were down on PARAGARD for the quarter. We were, what, down 28% for Q3 because basically we had no sales in the first month of the quarter, and then everything kind of ticked back up, as I talked about, the channel inventory came back. We'll see the rest of the channel inventory come back in Q4. We're already seeing that right now. We're seeing placements go back to what they were at pre-COVID level. So we're pretty good shape on PARAGARD. I think at the end of the day, PARAGARD will still be down in Q4. And some of that is because you remember, last Q4, we had a strong PARAGARD quarter because we did a price increase. So we had a buy-in for PARAGARD in Q4 last year, so we have a tough comp on that. But I think as you move into next year, like I would anticipate PARAGARD going back to normal, to that kind of true normal in terms of placements and so forth, it's a mid-single-digit grower. It will obviously do better because it's got a couple of months it's comping against where we didn't have sales. But no, PARAGARD is doing well, and people seem to be a little bit more concerned about good health and so forth. And that trend in the marketplace about focusing on good health is obviously a positive for a product like PARAGARD, which is a non-hormonal IUD option and the only one in the market.
Al White: Yes. I mean at the end of the day, I look at it and say, there's -- in my mind, there's no one more active in the market today with new products than CooperVision is. And I believe over the next year to probably several years, there will be no one in the marketplace more active with new products than CooperVision, period. So that's how I would answer that one. From the perspective of sales, we're not big with online retailers. So I think that -- and with online, I'm talking about nonfitters. We're big with fitters. Not the kind of the online distributors, if you will, right, the guys who aren't fitting product. So where we were probably heard initially because of that, as the markets rebounded, like when you look at June and July, the market rebounded with fitters. And it rebounded with key accounts and fitters and buying groups and so forth. That's where we're over indexed. That's where we're strong. So when I look at kind of durable growth and market share gains, I'd say, "Hey, we grew around the world. We posted record market share in all regions around the world, and it was driven by the stuff where -- by what we're doing." Right? We're strong with fitters. We're strong with key accounts. I've been talking about all the investments we put in that over the last couple of years. We're strong with new product launches where we're doing more and better product launches than anyone in the marketplace right now. We're strong with distribution. I've been talking about that over the years, and our capabilities now being able to ship product to people's homes and so forth. We're strong on that side of things. And we're strong on manufacturing, where I've talked about how we reallocated resources to focus more on manufacturing. That strategic plan there of focusing on those areas and executing on those areas for long-term share gains, when you had COVID hit and you're coming out of COVID now, all those past investments and so forth, all those strategic initiatives are coming to light to show the value behind them, and that's why we're taking share. And that's why I think that it's durable that we'll continue to take share.
Al White: Sure. Yes. When we look at the $25 million for next year, the assumptions that build to that $25 million are based on what we've already seen in other markets. So in markets around the world where we've launched the product and has seen success, like in Spain, in the U.K. and Australia and so forth, we did those launches. Now we didn't have the same consumer advertising programs and so forth. But the growth rates that we saw in those markets are the same growth rates that we're assuming we'll see in the U.S. and in Canada and other places. Now I would think that we could do better because we do have Sarah and other direct-to-consumer programs and other activity. And we're seeing a lot of acceleration and interest in new fits and so forth. But we are not looking at some abnormal growth rate or some crazy thing happening. We're just looking at saying, "Hey, if we do what we've done in other markets, we'll get up to that $25 million range." I think we can do better than that because at the end of the day, there's enough interest and enough success right now that I think we can exceed that. But there's nothing special there. There's nothing fancy there. It's just saying, "Hey, if we just do what we've done in other markets, that's what we'll do." And yes, I would confirm the $50 million number because as you break down the market and you actually look at the size of the market, and as MiSight moves to becoming standard of care within the optometry practice and as you see more offices looking and thinking about pediatric optometry, you're going to see that accelerate. And that market size might seem really big to some people and say, wait a minute, it can't be that big, right? But at the end of the day, you're talking about a product that sells for many multiples of what regular contact lenses sell for. You're talking about a product that has big compliance to it, that opticians make the most money that they're going to sell out there, and that it's a brand-new category. We're talking about creating a brand-new category. I mean there's already pediatric dentistry. Well, why? Because of braces, because dentists can make money, they don't have to have adults come in. They can treat children through braces and other reasons, and they can have a pediatric dentistry practice. You haven't been able to have that in optometry because you're talking about selling glasses. Well, that's not the case anymore. Now everyone knows about myopia. You have kids come in. You can now -- because of MiSight and because of ortho-k, you can now have a pediatric optometry practice and be incredibly successful with it. That is a brand-new market that does not exist today. There is no pediatric optometry market other than kids going into a regular doctor's office, right? If you start seeing the market move in that direction, if you actually start seeing people open pediatric optometry offices to focus on MiSight or to focus on myopia management, they're focused in on ortho-k, they're focused in on MiSight so -- and ultimately in glasses. And that's going to help also as we move in that direction. So yes, I think the $25 million is in play. I think $50 million or north of the $50 million is in play the next year.
Al White: Sure. On the reimbursement for MiSight, that would really blow up the market around myopia management. I think the answer to that question ultimately is yes. I do believe there will be reimbursement for myopia management and MiSight, in particular, at some point in the future. We're working on that ourselves as a matter of fact, spending money on that process right now. To be determined on the timing around that, but as medical professionals become more and more comfortable with the fact that this is standard of care, and this will be standard of care as a treatment, you'll ultimately get to the point where you're going to have reimbursement. So it's just a matter of time in my mind. Yes, on 2021, right now, we're not going to give any commentary on 2021. I'm sure you can appreciate that, right? We gave guidance on Q4. And we'll give 2021 commentary in December when we get there.
Al White: Yes. I wouldn't say it's unusually tough comparison, except we did have the buy-in in Japan that created at least a tough comparison from that perspective. But I guess maybe more than anything, Chris, the point behind it is that COVID still exists, right? It's still out there. There are still issues with it. There could still be spikes and so forth with it. So I don't want to say things are -- we're guiding conservative or anything by those means because I don't think that would be appropriate to say. So I do think that 7% is not an easy comp. If you look at Q1 as an example, that's a little bit different of a story, right? Q4 is kind of a more normal/challenging comp from last year. So I don't want to overplay that by any means. So just kind of highlight that as one reason that we're not guiding to growing in Q4.
Al White: Yes. Yes, no worries, Steve. Yes. I don't know about a pull forward. We're not anticipating that. Every year, there always seems to be a little bit of buy-in that goes in associated with benefits and people using up their benefits and so forth. So I'm not sure it will be any different this year. We're not anticipating any changes associated with that. When you look at some of the different kind of consumer wear trends, right, some of the changes that have been happening out in the marketplace. I talked to Biofinity Energys as an example of a nice pleasant surprise for us. But you look at some of the other stuff out there, annual supply purchases, that's mostly a U.S. thing. It gets driven by those rebates, right? But it's mostly U.S., it's not so much the rest of the world. And even in the U.S., it's not that big of a number, but we haven't seen much of a change there. So from where we were running to where we are today, I wouldn't really highlight any real changes in that. And I don't know maybe there's like a push and pull there between some higher rebates, but people holding on to some money a little bit, but we haven't really seen a lot of changes on that side of things. The direct-to-patient shipping, I do think that that's a difference, and we saw a very significant spike in that around the world. We've seen that come back as people are getting out and are going to their doctors' offices and so forth. And I think we're all the same, right? I mean every single one of us wants to help people, and we want to help small businesses. So when you go into your optometrist office, you're probably more likely to go ahead and purchase product from them. Maybe even though it's not the best deal you can get, but you still want to help the doc out. You want to help the physician out that you're going to, right? So I think everybody is a little bit more willing to do that. Now having said that, whether they're getting the lenses there or shipped to their house, that's a different question. I think that we're on the forefront in terms of our ability to do direct-to-patient shipping. We're willing to do that. We've taken the financial hit associated. We're willing to do that as we ramp up all those efforts and eventually leverage all the infrastructure that we put in. But I think that continues, the direct-to-shipping thing continues because you just get more packages in your home, right, from Amazon and Target and whatever else. You might as well get them from CooperVision. Patients switching less, yes, I think so. It's a hard time to launch new products. It's hard to get fitting sets into doctors' offices and so forth right now. They like what they like. It's been a little easier, still a challenge, but a little easier with a product like MyDay because they know it, they love it. So we've been having a little easier time launching MyDay toric. Remember, we did a launch of that, but we probably only did a 20% launch or something like that, so we have a long ways to go. We're having a little bit more success getting that product out there. You're seeing a little bit less of some of that kind of pace in switching. But I think from that perspective, we happen to be in a pretty good place because the products that we are launching and putting out there, expanded range toric, all that other kind of stuff, are -- maybe it's a change, maybe the patients switching lenses per se, but they're still wearing clariti, or they're still wearing MyDay, right? They're going MyDay sphere to MyDay toric, that's the kind of switch that we are seeing.
Al White: Yes. I won't get into specific details, but yes, we have been able to reengage and be more aggressive in terms of our discussions that we're having with those key accounts right now.
Al White: Yes. It's picked up really well, fertility. We're taking a lot of market share in fertility right now so -- although our numbers weren't that great, right? But we're still -- we're taking good share in fertility. We're doing really, really well in that space right now. The one thing I would say about that that's a little bit of a struggle is Asia Pac. We haven't seen Asia Pac rebound as fast as we've seen Europe and the Americas in terms of fertility clinics opening and traffic coming through. So I feel good if I look at the Americas and Europe in terms of clinics opening, foot traffic, which we have good visibility on, our market share gains, I think that Asia Pac is lagging a little bit. If you look at some place like India, as an example, where we do fairly well, and we were getting a lot of growth, they only have about 30%, 35% of their IVF clinics open right now. So I think that will come. There's no reason that, that doesn't come and they don't open, but that's kind of why I was referring to maybe it's more Q1 before you start getting cycles back to kind of pre-COVID levels.
Al White: Yes. I guess rough numbers, right, I say we're running somewhere roughly in the $15 million a month. It's a little bit higher than that, kind of in PARAGARD sales. And then we didn't have anything basically in April and May, so we probably were down about $30 million in sales, something like that because of the stocking. And that's what you're seeing work its way back through right now.
Al White: Okay. Yes. So for PARAGARD, that would -- that answers kind of the PARAGARD. For the CooperVision stocking, I think that some of the inventory stocking, you'd probably never get back. People operate at lower levels, more efficient, that kind of thing. You're going to have some of that happen for a period of time or maybe it takes a while to come back. But I think of what we did get back, I think we got, say, half of it back in June and July. And then throughout fiscal Q4, we'll get the other whatever that amount is, $15 million or so, back in fiscal Q4.
Al White: Yes. I don't know how it would impact us. I mean from our perspective, I think Bausch is around 8% global market share, somewhere in that kind of range right now. So no, I don't see that having much of an impact on us one way or another.
Al White: Yes. Thank you, and thank you, everyone, for calling in and taking the time. I think the difference this quarter from what people were expecting to some degree, with some of the pickup in consumption, and then a lot of the unique things we have that are capitalizing on some of that real positive trends in the marketplace. There are some big trends that are going on and some new trends that are there. You look at things like Biofinity Energys taking advantage of what's going on in that -- the trend of more screen time. You look at MiSight with myopia management in kids and our ortho-k products and what we're seeing with Endosee Advance and so forth. And lastly would be fertility is another big mega trend that's moving in the right direction. So we're just hitting -- we have products kind of in the right place right now. I feel good about where we are and where the trends are going in the marketplace. So with that, we'll kind of wrap up. I hope everyone has a great Labor Day weekend and look forward to speaking with everyone in beginning of December for our next earnings call. Thank you, operator.
Robbie Marcus: Maybe to start, I was wondering, you kind of talked around these, but if you could just put a finer point on them, what PARAGARD growth in the quarter was and how much stocking in fiscal -- or destocking fiscal 2Q and the dollar amount of stocking in this quarter and what you're expecting guidance in the fourth quarter.
Robbie Marcus: And any way just to frame the impact? Is it like 1% or 2% in stocking, more meaningful than that? Just trying to figure out what underlying versus stocking is as we exit the year.
Robbie Marcus: Sorry, Al. two separate questions, one is CVI stocking and destocking and the other was just PARAGARD.
