Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Third quarter consolidated revenues were $930 million, up 10% as reported or up 12% organically. Consolidated gross margin was flat year-over-year at 66.1% with positive currency and product mix being offset by a certain period cost.  Operating expenses grew 9%, but improved to 42.2% of revenues as we started seeing leverage in parts of the P&L from prior investment activity. Consolidated operating margin improved to 23.9%, up from 23.4% last year, led by leveraging our operating expenses. Below operating income, interest expense was $26.8 million, and the effective tax rate was better than expected at 12.6% due to discrete items. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.35, with roughly 49.9 million average shares outstanding. With respect to FX, it was $0.07 worse than initially expected, mainly due to losses below the operating income line associated with certain unhedged currencies. This FX loss offset a better tax rate. That color to the P&L. Revenues exceeded expectations, and we're seeing leverage in certain OpEx line items. However, gross margins were below expectations due to softer-than-expected margins at CooperSurgical, and this negatively impacted earnings by roughly $0.08. This is primarily attributable to period costs largely in our fertility business. As an example, we are significantly ramping up our donor sperm and egg businesses that we acquired with generate.  This activity is moving ahead faster than expected, which is great news. But it created unexpectedly large period charges. We also had some inventory write-offs during the quarter. Some of this activity continued into August, but we expect these matters to be resolved during fiscal Q4 and not impact fiscal 2024. Meanwhile, regarding OpEx leverage, I'm pleased to report that we've completed several important upgrades this year, which will benefit us moving forward. This includes several large infrastructure improvements at CooperVision and CooperSurgical, including a major IT implementation at our primary European warehouse at CooperVision. Additionally, we essentially doubled the size of our U.S. distribution facility and added several upgraded packaging and labeling lines. And that facility is now online. This activity puts us in an excellent position to leverage the P&L moving forward. Back to the quarter, free cash flow was $52 million with CapEx of $91 million. Net debt decreased to $2.46 billion.  Before meeting the guidance, let me add that after quarter end, we paid a $45 million termination fee for ending the contemplated acquisition of Cook Medical's reproductive health business. This did not impact Q3 and it won't impact Q4 as P&L, but it will negatively impact free cash flow for Q4 as this is treated as a reduction in operating cash flow.  Moving to guidance. We are increasing our full-year revenue guidance to incorporate our strong fiscal Q3 results and the strength we're seeing as we enter fiscal Q4. For EPS, we're holding our range unchanged at the midpoint, which reconfirms roughly 11% constant currency operating income growth for the full year. Specific to fiscal Q4, the consolidated revenue guidance range is $912 million to $929 million, up 7% to 9% organically and CooperSurgical's revenues of $299 million to $305 million up 5% to 7% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.39 to $3.57 based on a roughly 12% effective tax rate which offsets the softer gross margin in CooperSurgical and recent FX weakness led by the yen.  For fiscal 2024, it's too early to provide detailed guidance, but let me give some direction. At a high level, our focus remains on executing on our long-term growth objectives, which include expanding capacity and enhancing our supply chain capability. Within this, we will work to leverage the P&L with a focus on delivering low double-digit constant currency operating income growth next year. Outside of that, we expect a roughly 15% effective tax rate, subject to discrete items such as the positive impact of stock option exercises. In conclusion, this was another solid quarter. Our organic growth was strong and our momentum is very healthy in both CooperVision and CooperSurgical.  And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator.
Brian Andrews: Yes. So just to answer the first part of your question, Jon, you're correct. It was really purely a gross margin miss that softened our EPS delivery in the quarter. Outside of what I provided for next year, in terms of this year, I mean, we're going to have margins sequentially up versus Q3. And like I said, OI growth is still -- we're still maintaining OI growth on a constant currency basis this year, growing double digits at 11%. And same kind of direction for next year. We're not -- I'm not going to get into giving guidance now. We'll do that in December, and I'll give more color in a few months once we get there.
Brian Andrews: Yes, I mean, gosh, I wish I could -- I wish I could give you a really good color on that. I mean, I guess I would say, subject to the Fed not doing anything surprising. We're going to pay down debt next year. So, I mean, hopefully, we see our interest expense at least flat or decline with our debt paydown. FX, it's just a moving target. It's just swinging so wildly. So, I mean, I hesitate to give you any kind of commentary on FX until we get to December.
Brian Andrews: Yes. When I mentioned low double-digit constant currency OI growth, operating income growth, it's OI. So, it's just operating on a constant currency basis.
Brian Andrews: Yes, Robbie, I'll take that. So, I mean, if you look at pre-COVID, a big, big driver to operating margin reduction is FX, that's almost half of that difference. You've got some operational items in there. Obviously, we talked about this a few quarters ago about share-based comp. We had some changes of vesting from five years before. Supply chain in general, inflation, higher cost, freight, even though things have gotten better, they're elevated from where they were in 2019. And then, of course, all those infrastructure investments, IT being a big one right there that's been elevated since 2019.  So, if I just kind of just play back what Al just said earlier and I had in my prepared remarks, we're going to start to leverage some of that stuff. And hopefully, one of these days, FX starts to move in our favor. But I'm confident that we'll start to get some -- we got some OpEx leverage this quarter. You'll see some more next quarter and as we get into next year from leveraging those investments from this year.
Brian Andrews: Yes. I mean, obviously, you've got a number of things, a lot of moving parts. By far, I mean, if you look at free cash flow this year versus last year, I mean, CapEx is driving much, much higher. And then besides that, you've got interest expense as a very big factor. Just those two combined alone is over $200 million. The Cook termination fee, I mentioned that in my prepared remarks, that will be $50 million. So outside of that, you've got FX, depending on how far you look back tax has gone up and then you've got a few other working capital items.  So, we're definitely investing a lot in our business, a lot of dollars going towards infrastructure which is really mostly tied to capacity expansion, but do expect that free cash flow will improve next year versus this year.
Brian Andrews: Yes, Ron, the tax rate we're expecting to bounce back to a sort of our organic tax rate of 15% pre-discrete. And outside of some commentary I gave a little bit earlier on just subject to the Fed and we'll pay down some debt. And hopefully, we'll see interest expense sort of flat to declining next year. I didn't give any other sort of nonoperational commentary.
Albert White: Sure, Jon. I think we're on a pricing perspective, I think that's still positive. We've talked about that for a few quarters now, and I would probably just reconfirm the statements I've made in prior quarters, which is, the market is somewhere in that 2% to 3% range. We're probably a little on the lighter side of that. I would think that, that will probably improve some for us. But I think you'll see additional pricing in the market as we continue to move forward since inflation seems like it's lingering.  Ability to manage growth. We've got our challenges too. We do have some capacity issues in different spots, and we've had some challenges through our supply chain. That's for sure. I think we're in a decent place. We're obviously putting up some good revenue numbers. Demand is strong. It's costing us some money. So, I'd love to get some additional leverage, especially from operating expense leverage as we move forward out of distribution in some areas. But right now, we're pretty focused on delivering really high-quality customer service, meaning somebody orders a product. We're able to make that product and we're able to ship it and get it in their hands. And sometimes that costs us a little bit more money than we'd like for it to cost us. But I think we're in really good shape to be able to continue to hit revenues. It's just a matter of leveraging that, which I think you're actually going to see over the coming years. I think next year will be a more positive year. And I think the year after that, it will probably be even more positive.
Albert White: You know me probably would lean towards kind of guiding to more on the conservative side, but I'm not even sure we will because our business is just remaining strong. It's just healthy. The markets that we operate in are healthy, we're healthy, we're taking share, we're continuing to launch products, whether it's Envision or surgical or roll products out around the world. So, I'm probably more optimistic than I normally would be at this point in time, as I look forward into next year or the following year. So, we'll give that guidance in a few months here, but I'm optimistic.
Albert White: Clarity in the U.S. is doing fine. It's -- we don't talk about or I don't talk about it may be as much. And I'm not sure that's necessarily fair to Clarity, if you will. It's just that MyDay is performing so well. The numbers are so strong in MyDay kind of across the board, whether it's Energy’s, which is going gangbusters or the Toric or the multifocal or this year, right, that sometimes I talk about Clarity a little, yes, a little less.  But no Clarity is still doing okay. It did accelerate its growth actually in Asia Pac, which was kind of nice to see, but it's still doing okay in the U.S. from a share gain perspective, I would think that -- yes, I would think moving forward, the rate of share gains that we've been having should be somewhat similar for the next several years just based on our product launches and the activity we have going on. I mean we're still pretty active with a lot of the product launches and the product expansion, geographic expansion of some of those products. So yes, I think we'll continue to take share for quite a while.
Albert White: Yes, $51 million, you're right. No, nothing changing in my view. That was predominantly pricing. And there's always a little bit in all of our businesses, right, when it comes to a little bit of channel inventory and some of that kind of stuff. But now the driver on that is clearly pricing.
Albert White: Yes, Matt, I mean I won't get too detailed on projects, but I will say within CooperVision, certainly, we've got higher R&D associated with myopia management. A lot of our MiSight activity is in there. So that's definitely occurring. Within our CooperSurgical business, there's increased R&D for a couple of different products actually, that we're seeing in our -- which would include in our fertility space also. But it's definitely tied to product development within both businesses.
Albert White: Yes. Well, I would say that right now, Fertility is a global business, no question, right? We have a very big European presence, and we have an Asia Pac presence in some countries, much stronger than others. But no, we're investing in that business right now to drive international growth. We did it here in Q3. We're going to in Q4. We're going to do definitely more investing next fiscal year to support the long-term growth of the fertility franchise that's all embedded within the numbers Brian gave you of 11% this year, constant currency OI growth, and within the objective next year to deliver low double-digit constant currency OI growth.  So yes, I mean we're continuing to invest. There's no question about that, and fertility is definitely one of the areas we're investing in.
Albert White: Yes. I would probably end up saying that where we are today versus where we started the year, we were looking at the possibility, remember, like a little bit of a recession or an economic slowdown. We haven't seen that. And if you look at our sales of our products, the -- some of the higher priced products are actually selling better and even accelerating when I look at like MyDay, Energys as an example, MyDay, multifocal some of those kind of products. So, it just feels like as we sit here today, we're in a better environment. And that's -- somebody asked about that earlier when you look at fiscal '24 for us. I just feel like we're in a better, more stable environment right now. with a lot of good products that have a lot of good momentum.
Albert White: Yes. You would think that some of the store brands or private label activity, if you will, would be driving more of the growth, right, because that would be a hedge, if you will, against an inflationary environment. And I've actually seen that or I've read that, I should say, from some companies talking about increases and those types of sales. That's not what we've seen. So, if there isn't an inflationary issue or an economic pullback, maybe you do see that, and we would see an increase in our store brand activity.  But right now, it's being driven more by -- as I was mentioning some of those -- some of the other products that we are doing some store brands for, but certainly a lot of it is on a branded basis, and those being some of the higher-priced products we have.
Albert White: We'll see in December. I mean my gut right now would tell me we would have a hard time giving that level of conservative guidance, but we'll update that in three months.
Albert White: Yes. I think that math all checks out, and I'll let Brian confirm that, but that makes sense to me. And I do agree with your comment about potentially being able to get incremental leverage, if you will, I think one of the issues that we're running into here, and I think we'll continue to have a challenge with next year is that we do have very strong demand right now. And logically, you might think, hey, that's great, right? You get those incremental revenues and all that flows through to OI. But in order to support that growth right now with the infrastructure investments we're doing, combined with the geographic expansion and everything else that's going on, you're not seeing that right now.  So what history would tell you based on Cooper? I've been here a long time now, what history would tell you is when we have this stuff happen, we get comfortable with the organic growth, if you will, the better organic growth that we have. And it certainly appears to be sustainable higher organic growth than we have had historically. Once we get comfortable with that, and I mean by that is you get these facilities in place, you get the packaging lines in place and the shipping lines and everything else and Brian touched on some of that. Once you get that stuff in place, you start leveraging it and you're able to really drive some margin expansion. I think that will happen. As a matter of fact, I'm highly confident that, that's going to happen. But I think we're going to continue to deal with some of those challenges over the next year if you will, or some time frame managing that growth tied to the investment activity that we're talking about, whether it's in the fertility business, where we're putting a lot of dollars or within our myopia management business, especially MiSight, where we're putting a lot of dollars right now.  So, I think when you put that all together, and you step back and you go, okay, low double digits kind of makes sense for this year, it makes sense for next year. It will be interesting as we move forward and we build out some of this infrastructure and are able to leverage it, what will happen in some of the years after that.
Albert White: Yes, Brad, that is a great question and a great point on that SKU range. I mean we do take the position that if a patient walks into an optometrist's office, they're able to be fit in a CooperVision product. So, we do have very wide SKU ranges, largest in the industry, there's no doubt when you look at like the daily Toric, the MyDay Toric is by far the widest SKU range that's available. It is expensive to manufacture those. It's expensive to manage them through your logistics chains through -- chain through distribution and so forth. But you're exactly right. You move through a period of time where you're increasing your production capabilities you're improving your distribution capabilities and so forth, you get that behind you and you're really, really in an excellent place, and it does take several years in order to get there.  So, we are on that journey right now. We've been there before. We've done it before. We've done it successfully before. I'm highly confident the team will deliver again. But that is another great example of one of the challenges we're dealing with right now around our growth.
Albert White: Yes. I don't think it's going to be DTC-related. I mean we spent money on that side of things. We'll continue to spend some, but I don't think it's going to be significant dollars because that's more social media and so forth. The focus is more on the optometrists themselves. I think the one thing that could be a little different would be we're starting to see insurance reimbursement or insurance coverage if you will. I mentioned Aetna is now covering MiSight site. We've had Kaiser here for a little bit covering it.  As we, knock on wood, pick up other insurance companies covering it, working with optometrists, and ensuring that they know it's available and how it works and with families. That will take us a little bit of work. That's easier with like pediatric ophthalmologists who are a little bit more comfortable with some of the insurance reimbursement activity. But I think that could be a little bit of -- a little bit of work and cost us a couple of bucks, but we built that into all of our assumptions. But I do think that we're gaining -- well, I do -- I know we're gaining traction in MiSight right now. We see it in a lot of different markets, especially here in the U.S. and throughout Europe. So, we're going to continue to invest in it. I mean, we've got our shoulder behind it. Now we are going to leverage some of that. We did build out a fairly large infrastructure, and we will start leveraging that a little bit more as we move forward. But there's still dollars to be spent, no question about it driving that business forward. We want to drive it. It's a good long-term sustainable business. So, we want to continue to push it. That's for sure.
Albert White: Yes, China MiSight -- so we don't have a big business in China. We just don't do a lot in China. But what we do there, and certainly myopia management is included there has been, I guess, bumpy maybe as the word to describe it. We take a step forward and two steps backwards, it seems at times over there. So, I know personally, I get more optimistic about it because I'm starting to see some good stuff happen. And then all of a sudden, it slows down.  So, I'm having a hard time reading it. Now again, I'm not a China expert. We don't do a ton of business there. But at least for what we do there, our part of the business and the myopia management part of the business, it's definitely fits and starts. So, I wish I could give you more specific detail on that. I mean, we don't have a lot built into our assumptions with respect to China. But I'm not sure how that's going to play out. I will say that the receptivity to MiSight has been really strong around the world, and it's been strong in China. I mean we've gotten really good feedback in China about the product. And I think the product is going to be successful. Now we did accelerate growth this quarter, which was great. We had a stocking order last year. So, we even hurdled that and still accelerated MiSight growth, and we continue to see some really nice success with MiSight as we start out the fourth quarter here.  So, I'm definitely optimistic on my side and where it's going on a global basis, including within China, a little bit more questioning what's going to happen with Ortho-K. We did have some portfolio realignment where we had to true up some products. We had a lot of products there. So, we had to do some products up and so forth. We should have a better Q4. As a matter of fact, I think we'll have a pretty decent Q4. But again, it's still bumpy.  I mean we held the range of $120 to $130 million, right? We did 25 or 30 and 30. So we're at 85. So that's $35 million to hit the bottom of that range. So, we're looking at sequentially at least $5 million more in our myopia management business. So that kind of gives you directionally where I'm thinking is you're going to see some bounce back and some improvement. But I'm a little hesitant to get too excited about it just because it seems like we keep moving forward and stepping back there.
Albert White: Prices helping CVI around in the low 2%. We would have that same amount kind of factored into fiscal Q4.
Albert White: Great. Thank you, and thank you for everyone joining today. I'm pretty proud of where we're at right now. The business is doing really well. As everyone knows, we just posted really strong revenue numbers this quarter. And solid EPS numbers and our guidance is strong. So, I'm pretty optimistic about where we sit today and what the future holds. And I look forward to December and discussing in Q4 and definitely giving guidance for next year and talking about those details. So, thanks again, and look forward to hopefully seeing everybody during the quarter.
