Robert Weiss: Yes, Larry. I think the biggest change is clearly the U.S. ramp up and the fact that when we look at the growth how we’re doing with clariti and with MyDay this last quarter, that’s up over 50%, so we’re putting up robust numbers. Since so much of the ramp up were right on a more robust U.S. market, the U.S. market is clearly the soft-spot, more so in what’s going out the door from manufacturer to the supply line than it is on on-eye. When we look at the on-eye data, there is a good market, a healthy market. When we look at the pipeline, in this case, it’s the efficiency of the authorized distributors that is actually flat in a market that is for us growing quite robustly. So that disconnect of the fact that we’re not, and we had anticipated building up a pipeline - as you may recall in the last call, I mentioned that we expected a pretty robust expansion of the pipeline for Cooper given our new product rollouts. We don’t see that right now and so I will emphasize it’s heavily the U.S. and heavily the pipeline. And quite frankly, we’re happy with the growth of this product portfolio. So it is performing well.
Robert Weiss: Yes, we’re anticipating that 2016 will be a more robust U.S. market manufacturer out the door. I think we’re all keenly aware of the numbers that Alcon put up and J&J put up as far as their public reporting. But the delink as I mentioned is not so much, is the market good on-eye, not so much is the market great in terms of the conversion from a two-week modality to a one-day modality. That’s all going very nicely. There’s only so much more efficiency authorized distributors the middleman can get. There’s no logical reason, given the fact that we had a very shrunken pipeline a year ago for Cooper in October a year ago, it contracted down to a very efficient level. With the new product rollouts you expect that to grow. And so, we are confident that there’ll be to some degree a bounce as we roll out new products, getting product into the distributor to see the demand in the marketplace. So we’re not at all toning down our expectation for the market pull-through growth. If anything, some of the moves by one of our competitors that are moving into – from a two-week into a one-day silicone hydrogel modality with another product, will only add to that shift from the two-week modality which doesn’t pay – it doesn’t pay a lot of money. So, if we think about the market, it’s $2.6 billion at the manufacturers’ level in the U.S. You got, let’s say, $35 million soft contact lens, whereas carving out the hard is not generating a lot of revenue. And so they are only generating on average $75 a patient. That shift to the one-day modality, as it continues to accelerate is still a 400% to 600% shift, and the two-week wearer is still is the bulk of the wearers in terms of numbers. They don’t generate – they just don’t generate a real lot of revenue. So we’re enthusiastic that all the manufacturing momentum is pushing the market that way. The underlying dynamics are pushing the market that way and feeling good about it.
Robert Weiss: No, I really don’t expect any real change on that. I really think the – it’s really the push-pull with the distributors in the middle that will bring about some growth and expansion. But the on-eye activity, we’ve shifted our energy already from getting the fitting sets out there, which consumed a lot of energy in the first-half of this year to now sell-through, meaning, really converting the market into the silicone hydrogel one day modality. So we don’t need any special emphasis on that point. We have the product availability, because the ramp-up on the manufacturing side has been extremely robust. So we’re good on that front, and it’s now really execution in the field, and we do think the market is prime for them.
Robert Weiss: Well, we’re not going to – for a number of reasons, one of which is volatility, currency, we’re not going to get into clariti until we get through our budgeting process which we’re in the middle of and we will shed light on that in December. But we’re not going to at this juncture. Suffice to say, we still believe we will continue to gain market share and you can see the numbers we put up against the marketplace. And we’re feeling good about solid top line. We’re just not ready to give a range of what to expect on the top line next year.
Robert Weiss: Yes, the solutions business was surprisingly benign for the quarter, meaning down slightly, but much less than the marketplace. So our guidance – our further guidance down has nothing to do with legacy and solutions. It really is going from the $175 million down to that $152 to $157 million range.
Robert Weiss: On the positive feedback on MyDay and the clariti, mixed clariti feedback question, MyDay is very early in the game in the U.S. and certainly it performed well as a premium product outside the U.S. It is clearly in a league that is targeting TruEye and Total 1, and that is a different league, it’s great – it’s a great product. And I would say a lot of the people probably going into MyDay are getting there from TruEye. And, therefore, it’s silicone hydrogel to silicone hydrogel. The history of conversion to silicone hydrogel lenses has not been a rocket ship. It’s been kind of stair step. Some of you may recall when OASYS and Acuvue Advance came out in the – about 2007, 2008 timeframe, there was an attempt to totally shift the patient from the Acuvue to lens to a silicone hydrogel and a lot of patients reacted negatively. They basically said, I can still feel the rigidity of a silicone hydrogel lens, put me back in my hydrogel lenses. And that’s actually one of the reasons even today in the FRP and the plant replacement modality, it is only 77% silicone hydrogel, which translates probably a more like 70% wearers and 30% of the – because there’s a premium that you pay for that. So toning and affecting for that premium, about 30% of the people are still staying in their hydrogel lenses, because they’re not as rigid. The same thing is going on with clariti to some degree, where we’re going after moist. Moist is not a silicone hydrogel, and therefore you’re going to have some patients that are going to go from moist to clarity, or any other silicone hydrogel and say, I can feel it, it’s more rigid than what I’m used to. And some people are not going to give it the chance and some people will adapt to it. But it’s what – every eye is different. Every patient is going to be a different battle on that conversion front, if you will. On the manufacturing startup costs, the intent is, there are a number of moving parts in manufacturing going on right now and into next year. We have two new plant startups that will be ramping up in Costa Rica and in Speedwell in the UK. There will be some call out of those startup costs that will be specifically called out as part of restructuring of manufacturing activity. On the negative front relative to what’s in the ongoing reported cost of goods, when we transition from a one plant only model, let’s say, in Hungary to, or in Budapest to a new startup in Costa Rica. Even though labor costs will be lower in Costa Rica and certainly much lower than our other plants in Puerto Rico and UK and Rochester. So, ultimately, there will be a huge advantage. Short-term, it’s negative, because you are ramping up without having the full critical mass, and there will be some drag on cost of goods and gross margins in 2015, 2017, and probably all the way into 2018 until you have a robust plant in Costa Rica. Speedwell in the UK is less problematic, because that’s kind of a one product, smaller model, if you will that comes into play. But some of them will be called out that the new plant startup, some of them will not, it will be in the cost of goods a blended gross margin.
Robert Weiss: All right, the first one on the inventory reductions, you are quite right that that we talked about for the third year in a row, in October last year, inventory reduction with the authorized distributor relative to Cooper. The inventory reductions we’re talking about now is – there have been some of our competitors that have talked about their pipeline inventory reductions. With Cooper we’re not saying they reduced inventory. It’s already at a very efficient level. We’re saying, we were guiding to an expansion of the inventory held by authorized distributors for new product rollouts like clariti and like MyDay, and that is just not happening. And we’re – given the efficiency of the authorized distributors, we are not expecting it to happen anywhere to the same degree that we once anticipated. Part of that is the efficiency as I pointed out of getting toric lenses to the patients where – or to the eye care professional, where much of it is going around the authorized distributor. They like carrying spheres. It’s very easy, limited SKUs, multifocal limited SKUs. Toric is a pain in the neck. So we have come up and workaround to make the system as efficient as it possibly could be. On the authorized distributors, retailers in the fourth quarter, we’re basically saying we’ve toned down the pipeline feel for the new product rollouts, and part of it for efficiency and part of it is just how tight authorized distributors are managing it. As far as the new J&J product that is coming out in the one-day modality, which is OASYS, it’s one-day. If I were J&J, I would do exactly the same thing. They’re basically trying to trade out TruEye or this is conjecture, because I’m not sure they formally announced, but the conjecture out there is just going to come out, go into the premium modality with a sphere and basically trade out the TruEye product which has not done well in the U.S. market with several missteps. If I were them, I would do that. The negative of it is it’s clearly that it could accelerate two things. One is people leaving the non-silicone hydrogel bucket and then going in play. But more importantly people transitioning from the two-week modality owned pretty much by J&J. They have well north of 70% or almost 80% share of that two-week wearer base and they’ll be putting those in play and we’ll take our chances on that. So I love that.
Robert Weiss: All right, I think I got that all. The on-eye data for Cooper is – we have to look at it in two pieces. The independents, where there is kind of a battleground that J&J has basically invited themselves into very vocally with their UPP policy. And then, the all other, the retailer half, the retailers –there is a very clear divide. Retailers do not like UPP and independents love UPP. It’s as black and white as a Republican and a Democrat, I guess. Maybe, that is a poor example, because maybe it is not black and white. But they’re on one line or the other clearly in the way they view the world. So it’s hard to walk the tightrope. Cooper, our loyalty is pretty black and white also. We’re loyal to the eye care professional who writes prescriptions, and we’re not at all loyal to those that do not write prescriptions. That’s where we draw the line. And we think there are better ways than UPP to show your loyalty to the eye care professionals be it independent, or be it working in a retail setting. And when it comes to where is J&J doing well, they are doing better with independents, no doubt. One would say they’re probably doing horrendous in some areas with the certain retailers. And so the overall numbers don’t look very good, and we’ll see what happens, as they annualize the UPP decision that they made on their full product line a year ago. Relative to the ramp up of MyDay, it’s going to be pretty robust on two fronts, both our continued expansion in Puerto Rico and our new facility called Speedwell in the UK, which is dedicated to MyDay. So throughout 2016, really much more the back-half, we will be coming online with a pretty robust amount of ramp up. Will we catch up with demand in 2016, probably not. The third piece you asked about is Japan and so far so good in terms of our expectation for MyDay into Japan in by the end of 2016.
Robert Weiss: Well, clearly, I’m a firm believer that we’re actually doing well with the broader market. The broader market is bumping right now and it’s so surrounded by a lot of litigation dealing with all those issues in mesh and slings and morcellators. And you can’t pick up a paper today without seeing some legal advertisement in that arena. So it’s slowed up the market. You have a lot of gun-shy gynecologists out there. And that ripples into some of our products that are used tangentially with some of those procedures. So I think our product portfolio is good for the mainstay of things like doing hysterectomies and minimal invasive surgery in general. We have a concerted effort of refreshing the product portfolio, which is for the most part very mature. And so, products like Endosee, that handheld hysteroscope, and now Reprogenetics not much on the part you’re on. This is more on the IVS’ part, but we are making a concerted effort within all CooperSurgical to add some muscle to it in terms of organic growth potential. And Al’s role clearly is going to be a catalyst in that area where our intention is. We’ve been a little slow at M&A activity, perhaps on average over the last two, three years, is to kind of move that process along. And we think there are opportunities out there that we’re at least going to kick the tires pretty heavily on.
Robert Weiss: Well, I want to thank you for joining us on this call. And we’re, as you can tell, excited about the rollout of our products and opportunities – and very excited about the outlook for 2016. Perhaps, I didn’t say clear enough, but targeting growth mid-teens – low-teens to mid-teens next year, coming off of a 27% to 29% growth is pretty stellar. We are proud about that and we’re really down about the fact that it still got massed by foreign exchange, but we also know we’re not the only company on the planet that’s being hammered by that or not the only company in the United States being hammered by that. I know there are some companies in Europe probably looking stellar over the same thing. But anyway, we look forward to updating to you on the story as we get into our year-end numbers in December. And I think our next session will be on December 3. So we look forward to updating you at that time. You okay? Thank you for participation.
