Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. For the second quarter, consolidated revenues were $943 million, up 7% as reported, and up 8% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 67.3%, up from 67.1% last year, driven by continuing efficiency gains in price. Operating expenses grew in line with revenues, with SG&A showing leverage and R&D growing faster. Regarding R&D, we've increased our investment activity in several exciting areas to ensure we remain a technological leader by continuing to launch some of the most innovative products in our markets. More to come on this as products are developed and launched. Consolidated operating margin improved to 23.8%, up slightly from 23.7% last year, led by the gross margin improvement. Below operating income, interest expense was $27.5 million, and the effective tax rate was 13.5% due to the positive impact of stock option exercises. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.85, up 10% year-over-year, with roughly 201 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was $37 million, with CapEx of $74 million. Net debt decreased to $2.6 billion. Foreign exchange negatively impacted earnings by $0.07 in the quarter, which was $0.01 worse than we were expecting at the time of our last guidance, even with a positive offset from our hedging program. To summarize fiscal Q2, this was a solid quarter. CooperVision returned to double-digit growth. CooperSurgical made tremendous progress, implementing system upgrades, and margins improved year-over-year, even against currency headwinds. Tax and FX offset one another, and we delivered a strong bottom-line. Moving to fiscal 2024 guidance, we're increasing expectations for revenues and earnings by incorporating our Q2 performance and the momentum we're seeing as we enter the back half of the fiscal year. This results in full year consolidated revenues of $3.86 billion to $3.9 billion, of 7.5% to 8.5% organically. For CooperVision, we're increasing our guidance to $2.59 billion to $2.61 billion, up 8.5% to 9.5% organically, driven by healthy demand and improving capacity. For CooperSurgical, our organic revenue guidance is unchanged at 5% to 7%, which equates to $1.27 billion to $1.29 billion. Interest expense is also unchanged at roughly $108 million, which assumes no interest rate changes by the Fed for the remainder of our fiscal year. And for tax, we're forecasting a full year effective tax rate of roughly 14%, assuming no additional discrete items. Given all this, we're increasing our non-GAAP EPS guidance to a range of $3.54 to $3.60, up 11% to 13%. Regarding currency, the impact from FX is roughly $0.02 worse in the back half of the year compared to last quarter's guidance, but we expect a hurdle that with stronger operational performance. Lastly, on quarterly gating, we anticipate non-GAAP EPS to be higher in Q4 than Q3. This is primarily the result of a lower gross margin in Q3 associated with higher cost contact lens inventory rolling through the P&L in Q3. Currency is also slightly more negative in Q3 than in Q4. In summary on guidance, we're raising CooperVision's growth rate to reflect improving capacity, leaving CooperSurgical's growth unchanged, and raising our non-GAAP EPS range by $0.04 on the bottom and $0.02 on the top, even against the negative impact of an additional $0.02 from FX in the back half of the year. To conclude, we remain focused on delivering strong revenue growth and consistent operational performance. Our capacity is improving. We're leveraging prior investment activity. And we're deploying capital with a focus on organic investments, which offer the highest return for investment dollars. Our momentum remains very healthy, and that's reflected in our updated guidance. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Robbie, yeah, thanks for the question. I'd probably point to -- there's several areas, but one place in particular that we've been talking about a lot over the last couple -- really couple of years is all the investment activity in distribution. And some of that comes with IT and with envision as well. But putting all that together, we're really starting to get leverage from that prior investment activity. We're seeing improvements in our cost of moving product between and among our different sites, but also in shipping out to our customers. Some of this also has to do with kind of influencing some of the customer behaviors around order patterns and so forth. But certainly, our initiatives around trying to drive down our distribution costs and getting more efficient, is one of the really meaningful areas within SG&A that we've seen improvements that have led to operating margin expansion.
Brian Andrews: Yeah. Thanks, Robbie. I'm glad you asked that question, and I put it in my prepared remarks. I think there's a misconception out there that we're not hedging. I mean, we're absolutely hedging. We started last year, but we hedged different FX exposures to mitigate the impact of currency each quarter. And we've been talking about wanting to drive not only top-line beats, but bottom-line beats and part of that is trying to mitigate the impact from currency. And I think we've done a nice job improving on our hedging program. We continue to hedge. And as a result, we've been offsetting the negative impact from currency and we did it again this quarter. So, I'd say more to come, but we're having success there.
Brian Andrews: Yeah. I don't have much to add there, Joanne. I think, Al, put it well. I mean, what's nice is that we've got some really, really important initiatives behind us towards the end of last year. So, now we're working on sort of iterating and continuously improving on that activity that we put into service. So, getting that leverage this year has been a little bit easier than obviously it was last year, and we continue to make progress across many fronts.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Chris. Yeah, thanks for the question. Really, the story behind our effective tax rate going down in the first and in the second quarter is stock option exercises. As you know, we don't -- it's hard to forecast -- you can't forecast when or how much people are going to exercise, but stock option exercises drove the effective tax rate down probably by 1% in the second quarter. So you're right, I think you can model out the rest of the year and getting 14% around there at least incorporates the lower tax rate in Q2 and roughly 15% for the balance of Q3 and Q4. As it relates to our organic tax rate, our underlying organic tax rate, it is hovering somewhere around that 15% to 15.5% or so range. So, I'd expect that's kind of, if we were to start next year, it would be somewhere probably in that ballpark.
Brian Andrews: Yeah. Again, I don't have a whole lot to add. I mean, we're executing really well. It's really just about internal investments, organic growth and execution, and we're demonstrating that right now. We'll continue to demonstrate that in the back half of this year, and I expect that will continue.
Brian Andrews: Sure. Yeah. So, Steve, I mean, I mentioned on the last earnings call and I'll say it again here, I mean, gross margins on an as reported basis really should be pretty similar to last year. So that would indicate then that the second half gross margins on an as reported basis are going to be down on an absolute basis versus the first half. The color I gave in my prepared remarks around Q3 really speak to just higher cost inventory and our production levels in Q1 that roll through six months later into Q3. So we have visibility into that. Know that it's going to be it's going to impact our gross margins there. And then, of course, when we look at the impact of FX to gross profit, we can see that FX in Q3 is worse than in Q2 and frankly and it's also worse than in Q4. So that's driving Q3 a little lower than Q4. But to get to sort of a gross margin that's pretty similar to last year, your second half gross margins are a little bit down versus the first half.
Brian Andrews: Sure, Steve. No change in my commentary. I mean, I said, I think the last quarter and maybe the prior quarter that we expect free cash flow to be about $100 million higher than last year. Obviously, taxes, interest, FX, all are at detriment this year and that's providing a bit of a headwind and a limiter to how much higher. So, I'd say we're doing the right things. We're driving free cash flow higher and, obviously, CapEx is a big part of that. I'll talk about the capacity expansion and CapEx is going to be high again this year. So, but it's all for the right reasons and we'll continue to drive better free cash flow as we look forward.
Al White: Yeah, Craig, thanks. You're right, we do have harder comps. Q3 is a little bit harder even than Q4 in the back half of the year. On the flip side, we have good momentum right now as we enter the back half of the year and we have improving capacity. And as you know one of the things that's held back a little bit is expensive capacity constraints in certain products. So, as some of those challenges start to reduce, right, we're able to put more product out. And I mentioned this before, but we're in a situation where we have demand exceeding supply and we probably will for a while here. So, we know that as we bring these new lines on and produce more product that we're going to sell that product. So, I think it positions us well. So, even in the face of tougher comps, I'm still feeling pretty optimistic about our ability to deliver some strong growth in the back half of the year.
Al White: Sure. I'm not going to quantify that. I don't like to go into that and say what would have happened if this wouldn't have happened and so forth and speculate around what those numbers are. But they clearly negatively impacted the quarter, right, because medical device, that's a great team, and they put up strong demand again and would have had a decent quarter without the shipping delays. And same with infertility. We grew fertility what 12, 13 quarters in a row at double digits and dipped down to 4% with some of those shipping issues. Having said that, we are proceeding better right now. I mean, we're having a pretty good May. We're working through the backlog and so forth to get ourselves in a better position. So, I'm optimistic as we work through this quarter that we can address most if not all of that and close the year out strong.
Al White: Yeah. Kind of following up maybe my commentary to Craig there, I would say the answer to that is yes. As a matter of fact, I think we have a good chance to report a double-digit revenue growth quarter right here in Q3.
Al White: Sure. For price, I would say we've seen almost everyone take price -- everyone has taken price earlier this year, either earlier this calendar year or for us the beginning of our fiscal year. So, pricing is kind of holding where it's at. I think from a price perspective, the market is still very healthy if you will. When we look at the contact lens market probably growing in mid upper single digits, you're talking about maybe a third of that is coming from price. So, very similar to what we talked about in the last few quarters.
Al White: Sure. So, on activity, we are seeing both. We're actually seeing more fitters around the world and we're seeing more fitting occurring with those practitioners who are currently fitting MiSight. So, I'm really happy to say that. Now, if I break up those two a little bit, one of the things that's driving more fitters is because we're making progress with a lot of our key accounts. So, some of the bigger names out there, the bigger optical chains and so forth that you would know, are incorporating MySight into their fitting activity. That's maybe moving a little slower than I was hoping because you're going through a lot of training and standardization within those big chains. But that's all moving forward and we're seeing more fit activity out of that. If we look at the doctors who are currently fitting MySight and how active they are fitting MySight, it's essentially universally increased fitting, and we're seeing that throughout the world right now. So, I'm really happy where we are from a fitting perspective on that. We did have a little pull down in channel inventory a little bit here in like the Americas and stuff. No surprise to me in anything that's going on. But I do think we're going to have a pretty strong back half the year. I think Q3 and Q4 are going to be pretty good for MiSight. From a competition standpoint, I mean MiSight is -- it's the first, it's the only product that's approved for myopia control. So there is, as of today, no competition in the market other than people using something off label or people promoting something that doesn't have the clinical data or the approvals of an organization like the FDA.
Al White: Sure. Again, I mean, one within CooperVision is probably pretty clear and that's CapEx. We're investing a lot in manufacturing equipment right now to expand capacity. As I was mentioning as you know like we have a lot of demand especially for our MyDay products. We have a lot of things that we want to launch. We want to get out in the market. We want to expand into additional markets. So, there's quite a bit of launch activity that's on hold as we increase our capacity. So, CapEx investments would be a good example. Within CooperSurgical, I could think right off the top of my head on the R&D side of things, we've got some cool R&D things going on within surgical and I won't touch on the specifics behind that, but I look forward to some of those projects coming to fruition. So, between capital expansion and R&D, and R&D within MiSight also we have some good stuff going on, there's definitely some organic investment activity going on as well.
Al White: Sure. Yeah, a couple of comments. April was a strong month, no question. I think it was a good month for the industry. May is a good month. I mean, we started the quarter off certainly well. So, I'd say April, May good months in the contact lens industry and certainly our performance shows that. From an inventory perspective, I think you're probably just seeing with the higher interest rates everybody out there who holds inventory trying to reduce inventory levels and take them to kind of the contractual obligated levels. So, if anything maybe inventory is just a little bit tighter as you go through the channels right now. I think you could probably comfortably say that on a global basis.
Al White: Yeah. I would say on the first part of that the risk associated with the inventory contraction, that is not a big deal. We've already had I would say most of our customers reduce their inventory levels. So, I don't see any real risk associated with that right now. We've already kind of worked through a lot of that. If I look at the Asia Pac market, you're exactly right, it's still a capacity issue. That team is a great team. And if we could provide them more MyDay product, they would no question be selling that product. So, right now that's just a capacity issue in terms of where we can get product and ultimately we'll get it there and we'll sell it there. So, yes, that's just a timing thing.
Al White: Sure. I would say most of that is pushed. You never really know at the end of the day whether you lose some of those sales or not if somebody's going to change some of their order patterns as they wait for your product. In this case, it was an IT-related upgrade. It's not something that we see going multi quarters. The team has done a really nice job on that. So, I think generally speaking that's more of a push than it is lost sales.
Al White: Yeah, it's a really good question, Jon. And you're right. I mean, that was a really strong quarter for us for Biofinity and for Avaira by the way, which I think was also double digits. Both of those product families did well. I think the one thing that's happening with Biofinity is that we just have such a broad portfolio and there's been a lot of demand on parts of that portfolio as we've expanded the offerings. We've been capacity constrained on a lot of those products for quite a while. We have some new manufacturing lines, some really cool state-of-the-art new manufacturing lines that are producing product right now. So we're able to meet some of the demand that was out there. So, I think you saw some of that in the second quarter. I wouldn't read too much into anything outside of that other than just kind of a broad scope of success within the Biofinity family and Avaira families.
Al White: Yeah, Jason. I think it's a few of those things. I mean, first off, I mean, Debbie Olive runs that part of our organization and she absolutely kills it. She's fantastic and her team is fantastic. And I couldn't be prouder of what they have been accomplishing over there because the work they have been doing with key accounts and expanding geographically and so forth just been fantastic. So I think when you combine that level of excellence with some of the wins that we're getting in some of the key account activities and some of the new product that's coming into that marketplace as we start to be able to meet some of that demand in the earlier innings of that still, but meeting some of that demand in a better way. You're just seeing all that come together. So, I wouldn't attribute it necessarily to one specific point, but just a lot of really good things happening. It's going to be very difficult to maintain that level of growth certainly quarter after quarter, but I do expect EMEA to continue to put up pretty good numbers moving forward.
Al White: Sure. PARAGARD, I would expect PARAGARD to be negative here in Q3, probably decently negative. I think I mentioned last quarter, I thought we'd have a strong Q2 for PARAGARD and we did. That will offset itself here in Q3. I would envision fertility, medical device those areas being much stronger in Q3 to offset that. Yeah, PARAGARD has higher margins arguably than some of those areas, but it's not so much that it's going to cause an issue, certainly. And as you can see in the back half guidance that we gave, taking up numbers that we are comfortable. We can work through that.
Al White: Yeah. Thank you, Anthony. It was a good quarter. Yes, capacity, I think we're probably in similar shape to our competitors frankly right now. We've got capacity. We certainly need more capacity and we have capacity ordered. We have lines ordered and capacity coming in line as we work through this year and through next year. We just have a lot of demand for our products and I think our competitors do too because the marketplace is strong. The overall contact lens marketplace is strong. You're continuing to see a lot of interest and demand around daily products, especially daily silicone hydrogels, and within that, the torics and multifocal category. So, I think that capacity is a little bit of a challenge kind of for everybody to some degree, but I think everyone would say, hey, I'm okay in capacity, and I've got additional lines coming on to meet the demand that certainly seems like it's going to be part of the contact lens industry here for many, many, many years in front of us.
Al White: Yeah, I'll give a high-level answer and Brian certainly has more detail than I do. But I would say that you'll remember over some prior quarters here over the last several years, we've talked about investment activity in our distribution centers and in other areas of the company. And I know we got questions on that why we were discussing it, right? Like, when are we going to see a return out of that? How is that going to play out? Well that's what you're seeing right now. We're in the earlier stages of leveraging those investments that we've done. And those are true within the manufacturing side. Those are true within distribution. And frankly, they're true in some other areas when we talk about some of the IT work that we've been doing and becoming more efficient from an IT perspective. So that investment activity we've been doing over the last number of years, we're starting to see leverage on that and success from those programs. So, I think we're kind of in some of the earlier innings arguably of being able to deliver some leverage through the P&L.
Al White: Yeah. I don't know if I'd add too much on top of what I said earlier. Really strong team, great products, well positioned with a lot of the key accounts that we have there. And I think we've got potential for solid growth moving forward. I mean we are running into multiple quarters, years of really strong performance out of that region. So it gets a little bit more difficult to continue to put up that sizable levels of growth. But I'd anticipate we're going to continue to perform well there for all those reasons.
Al White: Well, I would say -- I would answer that by saying number one is organic investments. We touched on that earlier investing on bringing more capital online, investing on creating or expanding products that we have in the marketplace right now. So, I would say there's a lot of focus on that right now, internal investments if you will, which are higher return, lower risk type investment activity. And then paying down some debt. I still don't think there's anything wrong frankly with paying down debt right now. We'll see what happens with interest rates, but we carry a decent amount of debt. Regarding your last point, I mean, if acquisitions come along or we see some smaller tuck-in type deals, like we would evaluate those, and if they make sense, we'd consider doing them.
Al White: Yeah. I think full year growth is probably in that flattish to up a little bit. It'd probably be up a little bit depending upon competitor launch or something along those lines. I think we did around $46 million in this quarter. I would sequentially expect that to be lower, Q3 lower than Q2.
Al White: Sure. Yeah, you get lumpiness in PARAGARD. We've always had it. I mean if you go back and look over the years, you've always seen a lot of lumpiness around PARAGARD tied to channel inventory and tied to price. I mean in this case, we did a mid-single digit price increase and customers had a chance to buy in on that at the end of our first fiscal quarter, because it actually helps on that, and then during this second fiscal quarter. So, we saw some buy in activity. And you'll just naturally see that kind of play itself out in Q3 and go in the other direction. Underlying kind of themes if you will in that marketplace from our perspective is the market is still a struggle from a unit perspective. So yeah, you're getting growth from price. It's not coming from units. I mean there's competitive products out there. There's no other non-hormonal IUD in the market today and maybe a competitive product will come. But there's easier access to birth control pills and other birth control related items that are out there that continues to make that challenging market.
Al White: Well that was China because if you go ortho-k outside of China, we grew off the top of my head. It may have been double digits. But it was China. As a matter of fact China is a weak market for us post down our Asia Pac numbers in total. It's one of the reasons that region is probably a little bit less than maybe what some people were expecting or at least what I was hoping it would be. I still believe we have a really strong team in China. So, we just need some stability in that marketplace. I think we'll see ortho-k start growing here in Q3 and be in better footing in the back half of the year.
Al White: Yes. I'll give a quick one and then let Brian jump in. I know FX has been a negative clearly for us in some of the years. It's been a pretty significant negative to us. Outside of that, I think it's a matter of leveraging the investments. There's nothing fundamentally that has changed and our ability to drive margin improvements for the foreseeable future I think is something that we can accomplish. Let me turn that over to Brian to add.
Al White: Sure. No idea. I don't have any guess where that stands. There's a competitive product out there that's going through the FDA approval process, but I don't know where that stands. So, if when they get approval and how they decide to launch that product and so forth, we'll obviously be transparent about our expectations and how we think that will impact our business. But until that point in time, I won't speculate on their approvals.
Al White: Great. Thank you everyone for taking the time today to join us on our call. I thought we had a really strong quarter and we've got good momentum in the business. So I'm looking forward to Q3 and continuing to give positive updates. So, thank you again, and we'll certainly talk during the quarter. Thanks.
