Bob Weiss: Sure. The first item on the sales and marketing, probably the best way to visualize that as well as the timing is we essentially have expanded already as of the end of January our sales force, both in surgical and vision combined, 10% compared to where it was six months ago. So a lot of that investment and a lot of the hiring is already taking place. And obviously, what’s gone on in the last six months continue to run through the P&L on a go-forward basis and we will continue to expand upon that going forward. But pretty much, most of what it would take to get to the $10 million run rate is in place. On the second point, as far as – yes, we are number one in the area of specialty lenses, torics and multifocal lenses. You have seen that we put up some pretty good numbers in our – and clearly, in that venue with our torics business being up 14%. And keep in mind, torics is the lion’s share. When you think about the market, it’s about 27%, 28% specialty lenses, and for us, it’s much higher than that, 42%. And we are sustaining good growth with toric. Our product, Biofinity XR toric, is pretty knowledge – novel. A lot of competitors will not go there and address the, if you will, the fringes of the bell-shaped curve. They do the easier to set torics, but not the custom. So we do have proprietary, if you will, advantage. In addition, obviously our strategy in the 1-day market with Clariti being the only one with a toric, a sphere and a multifocal puts us at an advantage in the 1-day space. And particularly puts us at advantage being the only silicone hydrogel in the mass market of the 1-day space. So we think we have enough going for us. The market will continue to perform well worldwide, with a lot more maturity in the U.S. and a lot less outside the U.S. We will continue to have solid growth in specialty lenses in many of the locations regionally throughout the rest of the world beyond the U.S. So we are looking for a good market going forward and we think we have a broad enough portfolio to hold our own and continue to actually gain.
Bob Weiss: Yes. We put a 15% growth in silicone hydrogel lenses for Biofinity and Avaira in the 2-week and the monthly product. Assume they are both doing ballpark that area, so solid performance for both Avaira in the 2-week space. Keeping in mind there, most of our energy is in a trade out, if you will into Vitality and as opposed to going after new areas, so that’s pretty impressive there. And then with Biofinity off of a very large base, it’s our franchise product, if you will, within CooperVision within the company. We are very early in the game with Energys just starting to pickup momentum in different places. We are very early in the game with Biofinity XR Toric, so look for those to help continue that momentum and it will take us a very long time to roll them out around the world. Meaning its well beyond 2017, even 2018 when it comes to some of those venues. We are, in fact, still rolling out Biofinity and it’s first stage in some parts of the world as we look to some of the South America and Asian theaters as well. So, a long way to go on that. Gross margins, we are not really leaving a lot of gross margin on the table in terms of – the market is strong from a pricing point of view and a lot of the margins will continue to improve as we convert Avaira into Vitality and as we convert – as we continue to expand in Energys, likewise to say, trade-up strategy. So, there are some considerable tailwinds in our cost of goods gross margin area.
Bob Weiss: Yes. Our expectation is that it takes about 12 months to get the average rep into the area where they are productive and we expect a very high return on our investments there, well north of, on average, 1-year payback, much higher than that quite frankly. So, it’s a profitable investment as long as you have the supply sources and the products and we strongly believe we do. So, we look for that as we will continue to grow our sales and marketing, equal or at least as fast as the top line over the next 1 to 2 years. But normally, you would expect leverage out of that line and so the increment is above the normal leverage that we would expect is that $10 million when we think about it.
Bob Weiss: Okay. Well, private label is ballpark around 30% of our business. And I would say, historically, Cooper has got some phases where it’s gone down a little, gone up a little above that 30%ish. It is obviously keeping up with the growth of our branded products and – which are also performing well. So, when we look at our composite growth, think of it as leveraging both sides of the business, the private label as well as the branded. Private label has – there clearly are a lot of opportunities that exist and will continue to exist that we will explore. And I would say private label is a much bigger factor outside the U.S. than it is inside the U.S. So, there is room flipping that around. There is clearly room to make more headway in the U.S. in terms of inroads into deeper areas of private label with some more exchange. So, we are pretty excited about private label strategy.
Bob Weiss: Yes. So yes, we grew 6% in constant currency. And of course, in our overall guidance, Al mentioned the $4 million of headwind, which is foreign exchange related. In terms of our range, 6% to 8% for the full year, it’s correct. We said we had slightly – we had some easier comps in Q1 than the next three quarters, so that still leaves us in the venue where we think that the 6% to 8% overall is the right range for us.
Bob Weiss: As far as competition within CooperVision, you are correct that Alcon is struggling a little, although they did put up 7% growth number for the quarter. There is obviously the disruption of are they going to be spun-off, sold or kept. And Novartis reiterated their assessment that they are still open, they still have not made up their mind on what to do about Alcon and how that compares to them being a pharma business, if you will. So, we obviously like the uncertainty that that presents. We also like the fact that with few exceptions, Alcon is at the more mature end of a growth curve with some of their major products both in the monthly as well as in the 1-day space. TOTAL1 has the target on its back within – clearly, within the premium silicone hydrogel space. Everyone is shooting at them. And Cooper is shooting at them and MOIST in the mass market 1-day space. B&L put up some numbers. They highlight the growth products. They do not put it all together other than to say that their overall business grew 2% of lens care and lenses, so nothing to write home about there. They obviously are caught off in the cloud of what is that Valeant going to do to basically pay down some of its $30 billion of debt. And obviously in the marketplace, we think that their products are basically behind the curve, both as to the fact that they do not have a 1-day silicone hydrogel in that market and they still do not have and they have been at it for I don’t know for how many years now, a complete portfolio with ultra, meaning a toric and a multifocal, so very slow to roll out in that venue. And quite frankly, most of what they have done their spend, trading from PureVision into ultra anyway. J&J just completed the acquisition of AMO. And obviously, they will be going through an integration within the Vistakon for eye care piece. They did mention on their call, they put up very robust numbers, but they did indicate that, I think 3% of their growth was tight buy and sell on shelf that had to do with the price increase they had effective early January and so they were selling into a pretty broad based price increase that pulled forward some of their purchases. And that’s what they were referring to. I would not take that across the rest of the industry. I think that was mainly unique to their strategy and their view that you can – there was room to increase pricing in the marketplace.
Bob Weiss: So on EMEA yes, sure, your point is valid that our 1-day silicone hydrogel, clariti and MyDay got there first and we put up some good, solid numbers over the year. EMEA has been growing over the last 3 years at almost 2x the market. And importantly, when it comes to our performance in Europe, we are just on the heels of Alcon relative to one and two. So we have the highest market share of our three geographic locations in Europe, as contrast to Asia-Pac where we have the lowest market share of our three regions, yet we have a very full product portfolio. So we would expect, prospectively, to continue to grow faster in Asia-Pac than we would in EMEA. Having said that, we still think we have a lot of legs in terms of growth within EMEA in terms of gaining market share in that market. So we would look for, if you will, better than just holding our own this last quarter.
Bob Weiss: Yes. As far as the J&J performance and Cooper’s performance and our easier comps, if you will in Q1, I would assume that it’s good for our point, we are obviously guiding 6% to 8%. And the easier comps, as much as anything, had to do with some of the disruption we had a year ago and that rolled into prior year comps from Asia-Pac where we – I am sorry, from Europe where we had done the integration of distribution centers in the fourth quarter of 2015 and that rolled into 2016, creating some adjustments, if you will and some performance issues with European customers, so some of it there. I think we have put up good numbers in the first quarter, so most of that is a reflection of our performance in the market in total, with the market growing 6%, us growing 9%. So the market was a little bit more robust. We are assuming that that momentum continues as far as the product rollouts, be it Energys, be it Vitality conversion. And so I think the Vitality conversion is more. As Al pointed out, somewhat disruptive as you go through the conversion process from a gross margin point of view. And from energy [ph] perspective, we are spending more time converting than we are looking for new business right now with the Vitality product. So we have got some work to do there that will give us some momentum. We also – I commented on the investment we are making in the sales force. So my belief is feet on the street are going to translate to a better shot at good top line growth and I think we have that going for us also. And that momentum builds. We now have some of the people that we hired in the fourth quarter last year that will start becoming productive as we move throughout the third quarter and into the fourth quarter and things of that nature.
Bob Weiss: As far as Japan and MyDay, we are very pleased with the progress we are making with MyDay in Japan and are ramping up and getting the MyDay toric into that market now and we will be broadening that toric, MyDay toric rollout in other regions around the world, Europe being next stop. As far as VITA and ultra and Air Optix, which are in the monthly space, obviously we are putting up great numbers. You can look at the fact that the market for 2-week and monthly is flat and we put up 7% growth for the quarter. And the market, ex dailies, for the trailing 12 months is down 1% and we put up 6% growth, which, obviously, the lion’s share of that is driven by our monthly performance with Biofinity. So Biofinity is stellar and as I mentioned in a earlier question that both Avaira and Biofinity are growing ballpark about the same in constant currency, so both in around that 15% mark. So there is nothing and that’s quite an accomplishment for Vitality when the energy is really going into that to swap out more than it is a trade up at this juncture. So I think both are doing strong in a market that we are the driver of the market, if you will. If you strip us out, the rest of the market is losing – is declining ex Cooper, if you will.
Bob Weiss: As far as the industry growth Steve, good question. Yes, J&J put up 10% and Alcon 7% and us 9%. And obviously, B&L was a lot less than that, but it’s not big enough to move the needle that much. I think we had this discussion last quarter when we talked about there was a little skewing between market data and publicly reported data. And I think this is kind of – it’s part of the – the flip side of that where all of a sudden, you have strong public reported numbers. And I believe the same thing is true that the skewing that we talked about that occurred before was the fact that there was a huge pipeline sell of when OASYS 1-day hit the market in the third quarter and the fourth calendar quarter in 2015. And now, you are seeing the flip side of that. That pipeline sell would then minimize in the publicly reported number by the difference between gross to net, particularly at J&J and that’s speculative, but I do think are reasonable. So now, you have the flip side where there is less rebating and gross to net differential that is involved. And all of a sudden, the public reported numbers are coming out stronger than was the case a year ago. So that gross to net more impacted more the fourth quarter of public reported data a year ago and this year, a lot less. And therefore, the public reported numbers look a lot better this year, particularly at J&J.
Bob Weiss: Alright. So, the sales and marketing investment is pretty intense in both Vision and Surgical. Surgical obviously is putting together a kind of a whole new business model with a lot of energy on the sales and marketing effort of this new combining. So, you have an integration going on, but you also have some products being sold with the sales force for the first time. It used to be some of those companies we bought were word-of-mouth in a cottage industry of IVF. So, we are investing on both sides of the equation, if you will both segments. Relative to the type of marketing dollars, Cooper is spending its marketing dollars broad-based. We have some new novel products to talk about like Energys, so there is some more unique marketing tools that are going on there. We continue to be very active in terms of our alignment with the eye care professional in terms of making them more efficient. So whether it’s a lens area or whatever it is called, a number of programs that help the eye care professional become more and more proactive in terms of dealing with their individual customers. So we are out to make them better business people. And we invest money in that domain. In Surgical on the other hand, as I mentioned, there it’s transitioning from what may have been a word-of-mouth industry in PGS and PGD, which is preempt implementation diagnostics and screening to really talking about it and doing the push/pull, not only with the IVF centers, but also with the OB/GYN. So, there is stories to be told, once again, trying to enhance the industry called IVF, if you will. MyDay, the MyDay growth versus the Clariti growth, basically, MyDay off of a smaller – much smaller base is growing faster as a percent, but off of a smaller base. It is in the process of rolling out the toric and they were at – we are in first inning of that rollout with a lot of innings to go yet. Even with MyDay, we are probably only in the second or third inning, so a lot further to go. Clariti is probably more in the fourth inning than the first or second innings, but it likewise has a lot of countries to access. And quite frankly, now that we have gone through the transition of the enhanced edge, we will be more and more aggressive in terms of going after not converting one Clariti to another, but going after new fits in our competitive products, so the mass-market. So look for the combination of our sales force, feet on the street, the marketing programs and having a good – plenty of capacity to put behind the product to make us more aggressive in the mass-market space.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us. We think we had a lot of good things to talk about this quarter and we are pleased with the progress we are making for the fiscal year 2017 off to a good start and bullish about the outcomes of the year. And we look forward to updating you on our next conference call, which I believe is June 1 and we will be updating you at that point in time. Thank you.
Al White: One quick add, Jeff, I think you asked what the daily silicone hydrogel lens growth was, that was 49% in the quarter.
Al White: Sure. Yes. So obviously, we won’t comment on any M&A activity that we are looking at, but having said that, we have been very active. We are incredibly active right now integrating the acquisitions that we have done and heavily focused on that. So we will continue to look at acquisitions if they make sense. They need to be the same as what they have been in the past, which is strategic acquisitions that offer us a good return. If we can find those kind of opportunities, we will capitalize on them. And if we can’t, that’s also okay. We will execute on the acquisitions we have done and integrate them and drive synergies.
Al White: Yes. Thanks. So with respect to the Avaira Vitality shift Jon, your kind of basis is right there that, that’s a very positive move for us. But I can tell you that in fiscal ‘17, we are not expecting to see any real gross margin expansion on that. If anything, it’s possible it’s little negative here early. But the transition from one product to the other product, especially a transition that’s pretty unique, this was pretty unique in terms of its size versus anything else we have done, creates a lot of inefficiencies. So we will likely not see any real gross margin improvement from that product this year.
Al White: Yes. With respect to the idle equipment, you are right, CooperVision has pretty strong gross margins right now and that does offer us upside. That $0.30 of idle equipment charge has decent impact on gross margins. So when we look at that, it’s not necessarily going to be linear, but that $0.30 should be declining as we move through this year. And moving to next year, we will probably still have some. You have idle equipment associated mostly with daily as well. The strength that we are seeing in daily is obviously is good news as we are turning lines on. And then some of the heightened inventory activity is associated with things like Avaira and so forth, so that should also decline if that transition happens. So net-net, all that kind of being good news should indicate that CooperVision’s gross margins are going to strengthen as we move through the year.
Al White: Sure. I will cover the FX one here quickly. So in our initial guidance in December, it was a $57 million negative impact to revenues on a year-over-year basis and a $0.10 unfavorable impact to EPS. Now on the updated rate that we just used today, it’s a $61 million negative impact to revenues, so $4 million worse and it’s a $0.16 negative impact to EPS or $0.06 worse.
Al White: Yes. For the tax one, you are right. So we were guiding to 10%. We came in at 7.9% in Q1. So when you factor that in Steve, it’s most likely to be a little bit under 10% for the full year. The rest of year at this point in time, we kind of contemplate being similar to what we had expected, so a little bit less than 10% now for the full year.
