Robert S. Weiss: Okay, Kim. As far as we're concerned, Biofinity, which is approaching a $100 million -- $500 million run rate product line with solid double-digit growth, still has a lot of runway left. And as I mentioned in my comments, a lot of that runway still has to do with Japan and the rest of the world, where this product obviously is viewed in a very special league within silicone hydrogel lenses. And I think there's no reason to think that it won't continue to perform very well, albeit off of a much higher base, going forward in the monthly -- particularly in the monthly modality. Avaira, of course, is just really getting going. It took a couple of years to get Avaira Toric aligned so we can see the halo effect of Avaira Toric with the Avaira Sphere line. I mentioned that it grew as a family off of a -- granted, a much smaller base, more than 50% on a year-over-year basis. So we're pleased with the momentum it's starting to develop. So I kind of look at each -- how are they going to do in each modality? We have a good entrée in monthly with Biofinity, and that will continue to do well. Probably the non-growth factor globally or the one that will grow the least is 2-week modality, but it is a huge opportunity where we're underindexed. And then, of course, the real growth right now from the point of view of the overall lens industry is the 1 Day modality, sponsored partly by the U.S., where it's doing extremely well. In that area, revenue has gone in the industry from 11% 3 years ago to well over 20% now. We think between Proclear 1 Day and now MyDay, we have good entrées in that area. But when I think about it, I kind of think of the way we present the CLI data in the back of our release. We're gaining share on all fronts right now. I don't care if you look at modality, I don't care if you look at geographic areas, and I don't care if you look at types of lenses, which unfortunately, we weren't able to present this go-around because the Contact Lens Institute has kind of suppressed some data, which doesn't allow us to be able to tell you what the industry did. But ourselves, we did very well, as you can see. Can't really tell you how, but we think we're covering all fronts pretty effectively, and we'll gain share pretty effectively. And that translates to expecting good growth out of Biofinity in the monthly, Avaira in the 2-week and Proclear 1 Day and MyDay in the 1 Day.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, you're right in your focus on that in gross margins. MyDay, initially, like many of our new-launched products, will have marginal profits. We have moved into a profit mode, but we have a long way to go. We have, as a matter of now being 7 or 8 years into silicone hydrogel production, gotten better and better with even products that include the alcohol in the manufacturing process. While that's not an end point in the sense of we expect someday to have alcohol -- potentially alcohol removed from certain silicone hydrogel products, that may be different families of products. But for now, these products, Biofinity, Avaira and MyDay, do use alcohol in production and are -- will likely do so in the future for at least the indefinite future. As far as expectation, we were able to move the needle real far with Biofinity since we did a startup. And when we started up Biofinity, it in fact had 0 gross margins. Today, it has gross margins well in excess of the top end of our -- let's say, well into the 70s. And that obviously plays well from the point of view of our gross margin mix, given it's growing off of a high base. 1 Day has a long way to go in terms of waiting, being a significant waiting factor. And in our case, the start-up process with lead time on equipment is fairly extensive, 12 to 18 months, and that's not only us, but our competitors that are ramping up over the next several years. So by the time we get to where it's meaningful, we would expect to have improved gross margins for MyDay similar to what we've done with our other 1 Day, which is Proclear 1 Day.
Robert S. Weiss: Let me jump on part of that. With Biofinity being the magnitude of product it is in our portfolio and with it having the very attractive gross margins that I mentioned, with or without the royalty, no matter how you view that calculation, it is a driver of our gross margins. Number one, it's a multi-modality, so it's easier to have high gross margins in the monthly modality. It's good to have a product of that caliber that I mentioned is annualizing close to $500 million a year. So by far, it is driving a lot of what we're seeing in CooperVision in terms of gross margins. Incrementally, when you look across all the other lines even -- and even considering mix, we are lowering cost on pretty much all fronts. Whether it's the 1 Day modality, the 2-week modality or the monthly modality, costs are coming down in parallel with that balancing mix, if you will, of products. And now, Greg, by all means, go ahead.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I think I've frequently said that the market today is a niche market. It's probably in the neighborhood of $300 million, $300 million to $350 million, maybe as high as $400 million but certainly not above that worldwide with the dominant portion of that coming out of Japan, where J&J has TruEye. In the U.S., it's been hitting its head somewhat on the ceiling of the type of wares because of the current price points of 1 Day silicone hydrogel lenses. As long as the price points are where they are, there is some limitation in many of the markets around the world. So that's a factor. Having said that, you have all the 3 majors, if you will, spending a lot of energy developing that market. Why? Because number one, trading into a 1 Day is worth 400% to 600% more revenue per patient. U.S. is ripe for that. And so there's a want to solve the 1 Day riddle in the U.S. And concurrently, while you're migrating people into the 1 Day modality, give them the option of a silicone hydrogel since so much of the market today -- I'd say it's about half and half now. Almost half of the market in revenue dollars is silicone hydrogel, half if non-silicone -- is hydrogel. So we've got a market split, and there is a lot of eye care professionals that want a silicone hydrogel 1 Day option, and they'll try to move the mark with that. We going to be there. We're going to be a meaningful player there. And I think with the energy of the industry, the 3 majors in that area, they'll move the needle. And this will not be a niche product, 3 years, 4 years, 5 years down the road.
Robert S. Weiss: It is -- from a price point, point of view, we're really not going to get into that. Particularly, there's going to be a want for an element of surprise, if you will, on what we're ultimately going to do there in the U.S. market. It is not shortly, near term, going to be in the U.S. market. That's more 2014, sometime, calendar year. As far as when we expect a toric in that space, I think, given the manufacturing constraints that the industry will have in many of the areas, anyway, it's a ways down the road. Nothing imminent. It's initially going to be a sphere for at least the next several years.
Robert S. Weiss: All right. That was a lot. Avaira, going forward, we continue to improve the platform we are manufacturing on. I might say there's somewhat a game of "musical equipment" going on right now in the Avaira family and in the MyDay family, if you will, all of which is kind of pointed in a direction that will improve the end point together with the equipment that is on order that, let's say, similar to Biofinity, where we had first generation of equipment that, in the case of Biofinity, was put in the museum, the first 2 pieces of equipment; we're not going to be there with Avaira, but I would say there are -- we clearly know there are improvements we can make to -- modification to future equipment we're buying that will reduce cost of goods. So both on the Avaira front as well as on the MyDay front, that platform is similar, if you will. In terms of Aime, I would -- I'll defer to Greg on the implications of gross margins will improve without it. I don't know if you have any specifics.
Robert S. Weiss: I think, to some degree, foreign exchange, just like it hit our top line, certainly hits operating cost, minimizes operating cost somewhat. We are continuing in our venture of geographic expansion, so that's kind of a push. Suffice to say that I think in the guidance, we're giving 21% to 22% OI that we're expecting improving -- some improving ratios in the back 6.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, I think the incremental earnings, if you will, in the context of the size of that number, is more rounding. It wouldn't move the needle that much. And some of those items that have caused the incremental earnings, specifically in the tax area, are more noncash events.
Robert S. Weiss: Let me take both of those. First of all, on the gross margin going forward, the 66.2% that we had on the second quarter, as you look forward, with our expectation of the rollout of MyDay and a more robust Avaira family, those are factors that will, in both cases, work against on mix. So it's as much as anything has to do with mix as opposed to our cost of goods headed down or any other factor. Having said that, we continue to expect Biofinity to be doing well, but there's going to be a lot of growth in, let's say, that 1 Day modality in our estimation. As far as the tax, the reason it's not called out is, quite frankly, if you look at us over the last 10, 15 years, we have had those events fairly routinely. And in our effective tax rate, we continue to set up these reserves. These reserves are coming out of ordinary effective tax rate. They are set up there where we think it's appropriate. And then the ultimate determination is made when either there is a settlement or discussion with a tax jurisdiction or a statute is barred or removed after a period of time. So that play is part of our operating business and our operating model. And we have never quoted, nor would we, the portion of what we're accruing that is in our effective tax rates that we're giving you.
Robert S. Weiss: Thank you. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Hopefully, you're -- were as pleased with our quarter as I was in delivering the results, and I look forward to updating everyone on the progress we're making on our next call, which is on September 5, right after the Labor Day weekend. So until then, have a pleasant summer. Thank you.
Gregory W. Matz: No, I think, Bob, that's a good summary. I mean, Jeff, you obviously know our sensitivity of protecting the confidentiality of the agreement that we have. I think I covered the key factors that are really driving it. One is a strong product mix, as Bob said, led by Biofinity. Manufacturing efficiencies, as you know, Fernando, as our Manufacturing Vice President who handles all our operations, has done a fabulous job over the last 5 years of improving his team, improving the efficiency in the factory, and that has helped drive up margins. And obviously then, the other big piece is the royalty, which we can't really go into more detail on.
Gregory W. Matz: So I think right now, our intention is to sell it. We have been -- we have somebody that we've signed an agreement with. There's still some closing conditions that are still to be achieved. And once we have cleared those closing conditions, at that point, we would treat that -- we would treat it as a sale on the accounting side. So at this point, because those closing conditions are still open, we have not -- we're still treating it as usual going forward.
Gregory W. Matz: No, it's pretty small. They will improve because it was definitely below our average gross margin. But again, Aime is a relatively small piece of our overall business. So you'll see an uptick. I don't know that it would be that notable.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes. So Matt, we're a little early for guidance, but I think it's a fair question. If you look at the guidance we gave for the rest of this year, we said 7% to 9%, in that range. I'd also mentioned there's probably 150 basis points or a little more of what I'd consider nonrecurring kind of expenses. So we, obviously, don't expect to run next year at the 7% to 9% range. The guidance will be higher than that. But if you take that 150-plus basis points and add it to our guidance range, it probably gives you -- it gets you in the right direction. Again, we'll determine guidance as we get farther in the year. The other big thing we didn't mention, real specifically, is it really does have an impact on your geographic distribution of income, and that changes and revolves over time. So when we go to give guidance for next year, that will be the thing that we'll be looking at to help -- that also will impact the rate for next year.
Gregory W. Matz: And also remember, too, we purchased Origio in July last year. So once you start hitting July, you'll have a more even apples-to-apples comparison year-over-year.
Gregory W. Matz: Okay, on the share purchase, let me just -- we have currently outstanding on that is approximately $185 million on the program. And again, I think we will continue to just kind of run that program like we've run it over the last year or so. And there will be opportunities where we believe that it makes sense based on where the stock is at. From a -- the other question you were asking...
Gregory W. Matz: I think there's still, from our perspective, a lot happening with the equipment purchases that we're talking about. The CapEx number is a big number. We're looking at the opportunity of moving capital purchases up in order to get the key equipment that we want for our growth in the future. And so, at this point in time, we feel comfortable just leaving the range where it was at as we watch some of that CapEx start to be processed.
Gregory W. Matz: Just to add to that, too. In that settlement, we actually had said 2 years. One thing that was unusual and what caused that number to get bigger than it was is the fact that normally, they would have closed down 1 year last year. And what happened is, at the end of their audit last year, they held the year open and went on to the next year, which was a little unusual. And so they waited to close out both years together, and so we get kind of a double hit, so to speak, in the current year. The other thing on the gross margins also still that would be the yen is still moving against us. We continue to have that. So keeping the margins relatively flat over the next couple of quarters is still absorbing extra yen-based impact.
