Albert White: Yes, Jeff, good questions. On the first point on key accounts, this is – we’re talking about new business here. So one of the things that’s interesting is, as we’ve done more work with what we’re calling key accounts in some of the large retailers and other operations around the world, we’ve been winning new business there. So when we go in and win business with a new account, that is frequently a multi-year contract. And some of those contracts are very large, and we’re in the early stages of those contracts. So when you win that kind of business and you get the opportunity, you have the chance to go in there and be aggressive and work with the partner in terms of increasing your advertising, your promotional activity with that partner to drive new wearers to your products faster. That’s what we’re talking about doing. So we’re kind of in a unique opportunity here, where we’re winning some business, we won business, we actually have some business opportunities that we’re working on that we’re pretty excited about. So we’re talking about executing upon contracts. And that’s different than what we discussed in the past. We talked about adding sales force and putting more feet on the street. We’ve done that. Well, that’s proven to be successful. Some of that success has resulted in some new multi-year contracts, and now we need to execute on that. So pretty excited about that and it kind of props up our future revenue growth. If you look at the DCs, we have been doing a lot of work on that. You’re exactly right to really upgrade our distribution centers and our capabilities around labeling and packaging and shipping smaller units and so forth. A lot of that activity is in process right now. We’ll start that at the very beginning of this next fiscal year and kind of slowly roll that out through our distribution centers. So we don’t have shipping problems and so forth, and you’ll see that in the coming years. Now, one of the things that you naturally get any time you’re doing the kind of work we’re doing in DCs, which includes opening brand-new distribution centers, expanding distribution centers and upgrading distribution centers, is you build those out for future growth. So you naturally end up with inefficiencies there, because you have excess space or excess capabilities and so forth and you grow into those over time. So I think, we’re probably at that stage from a distribution perspective, where we’re on the front side of that and we’re dealing with the burden of higher costs and so forth. But as you said or kind of alluded to, right, it positions us really, really well to be able to win these contracts and continue to be able to offer things, the key accounts that, that they require in order to to win bigger pieces of their business.
Albert White: Yes. You’re absolutely spot on. So FX kind of brought us back. We incorporated that. Our tax rate came in a little bit lower this quarter and little bit. It looks like it could be a little bit lighter. But we are increasing our investments. Most of that stuff, the vast majority of those incremental investments are associated with winning wearers faster from contracts that we already have. I think, that’s a key point. This isn’t about putting feet on the street, hoping to win businesses, this is executing on business that we want. And we’re in a great position from a competitive standpoint of having products available, premier products available in the marketplace. We have the most robust silicone product portfolio in the market right now and now is the time to be proactive and aggressive and capitalize on that.
Albert White: Yes, it’s $0.10 worse in Q3 and $0.13 worse in Q4, so $0.23 in the back-half of the year, but at $0.10 and at $0.13 by quarter.
Albert White: Well, I’ll tell you. I look at it a little bit more as the second-half of this year. We have good momentum in both businesses right now. We’re investing accordingly to take advantage of that. I would anticipate, you see that return, so to speak, starting to show up in revenues in the – in fiscal 2019.
Albert White: Yes. I think that if you look at headwinds kind of and Brian was referring to operating income growth, we obviously have taxes. We’re probably looking right now, I would say, at around an effective tax rate of, let’s say, 14% something like that with respect to next year. And I will fine tune that number as more tax information comes in and we do our work and so forth. So we can give you a better number in December. But right now I think, that’s probably a fair number to plug in there. We’re doing a great job on cash flow generation. We’ll be generating cash. We’ll be focused from a capital perspective and kind of paying down debt, maybe looking at a couple of small tuck-in acquisitions if we can find them and some stock buybacks. But I think, we’ll get in a situation, where debt reduction will help offset any future interest rate increases. We’ll see how that plays out. Again, we’ll have more color on that by the time we hit December. And then FX, and FX is always a little bit of the wild card. So when I look at it though, one of the points, I think, that’s an important takeaway is, we are doing incremental investments here in order to drive our revenue growth. But as a company, we’re still going to put up strong OI growth. And that’s why we’re going and saying, hey guys, double-digit or low double-digit OI growth on a constant currency basis is something you can still expect from us even with these enhanced investments. So next year by nature it’s a little bit more of a challenging year for us, if nothing else just because of having to hurdle the big jump in the effective tax rate.
Albert White: Yes, Larry, I would say, probably a key point here is, no. We’re not seeing something out in the marketplace, it’s saying, “Oh, we have to go spend a bunch more money in order to drive our growth or to keep it at certain decent number.” We’re looking at it saying, “From a market position, where we’re today with our products and with our offerings and our capabilities, we believe we’re in a position right now where we can execute and take a lot of share.” And what I’m talking about is new wearers, new fits, and that’s what you’re seeing. We’re seeing that in a New Fit Data, which continues to be very strong for us and our New Fit Databeing solidly ahead of our market share. So when I look at something like that and I say, okay, New Fit Data coming in strong. We’re winning business from key accounts. We need to execute on that and take advantage of it and convert wearers. You convert a new wearer and you spend a couple of extra dollars to get that new wearer and obviously, and you’re promoting, you’re working with your partner, you’re making that happen. You have that wearer for a long period of time, as I mentioned, seven years on average. So you’re getting a fantastic return on that. So right now, it’s a matter of saying, “Hey, we can drive higher growth.” I mean, you haven’t seen CooperVision posting numbers like 9% pro forma growth in the long time. That’s a really solid number. Our guidance for this quarter 8% to 10% pro forma growth, it’s a really solid guide. So I look at this as, hey, we’re investing and so forth, but we’ve proven that it can be a successful. We just put up a good number in Q3. We’re guiding to a good number, and we feel confident we’re going to be able to put up good numbers. Now when you look at the future, we’re working on another opportunities out there. I mean, frankly, I hope we win those opportunities and we continue to capitalize on them. So you never know with the market. You have competitors, they come out with new products and they do different things. But when you have opportunities, you take advantage of the opportunities. And to me, that’s exactly where we’re at right now.
Albert White: Yes. The Asia-Pacific region is strong. You’re right on that. The thing I love about that region when you look at it is how diversified the growth is. We’ll talk a lot in the Americas about the trade up to dailies and the trade up to daily silicones within that. You look at the Asia-Pac region, we’re getting growth from our full portfolio of products there. Daily silicones are doing really well. Our Biofinity is doing well. Even some of our traditional hydrogel products are doing well there. You’re seeing diversified growth geographically. Meaning, there’s a number of different countries that are driving growth there for us. And you’re seeing opportunities with some of the key accounts some of the bigger chains and so forth there that we’re getting in the door and having some opportunities with. Keep in mind, we’re under indexed in Asia-Pac. So we’re investing there in order to be able to drive that growth. I think, some people at certain points have thought that our investments in sales force expansion and so forth was really a U.S. dominated theme, but it – but it’s not. It’s also Asia-Pacific. And you’re right, we do have a good runway there for many years of strong growth.
Albert White: Jon, a lot of that is really upfront costs. And what we’re trying to do right now is change the way we’ve handled some of these opportunities from the past. So if we had a similar opportunity with some of these key accounts, we would go in there and we would convert whereas to our products working with our partner trying to make that happen. Now at times, we would “tighten” our belt so to speak, because currency would move against us. Well, that is an example, would mean pulling back on some of that activity. Now that would pull back on some growth opportunities, but it would put a little better earnings in the very near-term to the bottom line. What we’re talking about right now is saying, let’s not react to short-term currency moves. Let’s take advantage of the portfolio we have. Let’s invest those upfront dollars. Let’s win those new wearers and we’ll keep those wearers for a long time, so the returns are very strong on those. You’ll see that in the outer years. There’s not a situation here where the margins are worse. Now each individual contract is different. But I would certainly not look at it as ongoing cost as much as I would look at it as upfront cost.
Albert White: Yes, depending upon the timing of any other new contract and so forth we KRW. But I think that if revenues start to come down, then our profit situation will be better than what it would have been before the strategy is being implemented.
Albert White: Yes. Boy, the guys are doing a fantastic job there. I was impressed by that number and continue to be impressed by the work that the team is doing there around PARAGARD. And I’ve seen some of the new advertising work and I think it’s spot on. So I’m really excited about it and excited about the numbers. I still would probably temper some enthusiasm there. I think, we’ll probably get a mid single-digit, maybe strong mid single-digit kind of growth number in Q4. And probably thinking our product has been in the market a long time. So maybe I’m being a little conservative thinking mid single digits. But it’s a little tough one to answer like I don’t want to get ahead of myself on that one. But the numbers keep coming in pretty strong. So for now, I would probably lean towards mid single digits. And frankly, if we can get mid single-digit growth out of that product at the margins that it has and the cash flow that it throws off, we would be really happy with that. Now, if we can invest a little bit more and get that to be a more sustainable kind of upper mid single-digit or even in the upper single digits, that would obviously be fantastic. So we’ll see how that plays out, but pretty good results and pretty good momentum there right now.
Albert White: Yes, Brian. So we get New Fit Data in different markets, a lot of that comes from the Americas here. We – what we try to do every single quarter and we kind of have it standardized internal model on the New Fit Data is look at all the data that we get here and from around the world and we pull that together and say, okay, what’s the trend behind that? Now, it’s not the best data in the world, because there are some people who don’t supply data, you can only get so much information. But frankly, over the years, we’ve accumulated a pretty good internal model that shows what the New Fit Data is and on an overall basis and then also down to some of the levels like on dailies and even sublevels like daily silicones and so forth, where we get some decent information. So when I look at that, the strength overall. So if I look at our overall New Fit Data strength, it’s quite a bit, I’m not going to go into specific numbers, but it’s a decent amount ahead of where our market share is. And again, another quarter in a row, where we’ve seen that kind of strength and we’ve really seen some robust improvements in the daily silicone hydrogel fittings side. So when it comes to the New Fit, dailies SiHys, that’s where we’re strongest and that’s where we’re really trying to capitalize right now.
Albert White: Yes. So we had a – we have had a little bit of capacity issues with Biofinity, meaning, demand has been ahead of supply. That was true a little bit last quarter, it was true again decent part of this quarter. We have already added new production capabilities. So our capacity is up to the level right now that we needed to be. We’re adding more Biofinity capacity in this quarter. So we’re in a pretty good situation in terms of now being able to meet the demand that’s out there. I’m not going to quantify that other than to say, it did impact us. It probably impacted – well, it did, I think in my mind impacted Biofinity Energys probably more than the rest of the Biofinity franchise just in that, that product launch went really well. People are excited about it, and there was – there is a lot of demand for that product and that’s, that kind of caused a little bit of a problem there. We obviously didn’t get into it until really now, because now we fixed the capacity problem. So now we’re unconstrained and the team can go out there and aggressively sell Biofinity, including Biofinity Energys.
Albert White: Yes, great question, Joanne. If you look at the marketplace over the years and where we’ve had a lot of strength, as you know, we’ve had a lot of that strength with independent practitioners be that here in the U.S. or in different spots around the world. We’ve had a lot of this success there. And that links back to the broad product offering we have with Torics and Multifocals and specialty lenses and so forth. Once we completed the Sauflon acquisition and brought clariti in, we had a mass market daily silicone hydrogel in, not only a sphere, but a Toric and a Multifocal and a unique product that we’re able to offer the marketplace. Not only can we offer it, we can make it. We have capacity. We can and we can expand capacity relatively easy. That’s allowed us to walk into a lot of these buying groups in these large retailers, who are heavy on the daily side, where we’ve had historically a difficult time winning business, winning some of these big opportunities. Well, what we build out a sale team – sales team, we went in there. We tried to win some of those opportunities, and say, hey, we’re here. We have the products. We have some of the best products out there in the marketplace. We can supply you. We don’t have capacity issues. We’re a market leader in terms of logistics and distribution. We can offer you unique capabilities in terms of labeling and packaging and so forth. That has been successful. That’s been successful. And there’s always a little question mark around that about how you’re going to do? Well, that CooperVision sales team Dennis Murphy and team has done an amazing job there, an amazing job, and they won some new opportunities. And once you get those opportunities, you try to take advantage of them. So that’s kind of a position we’re in. We did start talking about a little bit, but it’s just become more important now. And now it’s driving up our revenue growth a little bit here in the near-term, it’s also driving up some of our advertising and promotional activity.
Albert White: Yes. So we’re not going to get into kind of those specific numbers as we move into next year. I mean, now we’ll go through guidance and we’ll update guidance and so forth in December and incorporate current FX rates in there. And you’re right. I mean, that is something we have to deal with. It’s a headwind out there. But I think that one of the points I wanted to make, at least, for next year is on a constant currency basis, we still are planning on delivering low double-digit operating profit growth. So we have some issues below the line there, but we’re still intent on driving that. Now you might say, okay, well, wait a minute. You guys are going to invest and you’re going to have heightened investments. Fine, I’m okay with that, because you’re going to drive better revenue growth, how are you going to drive double-digit OI growth in the face of some currency and so forth. But we are anticipating gross margin expansion. So we do have a lot more volume coming through the plans. For us, volume is a good thing. It drives down our unit costs. We have more efficiencies, as we utilize equipment, utilize space and so forth and manufacturing. So I would say that versus maybe six months ago or something like that, probably when I look at fiscal 2019 a little bit better gross margin than what I was thinking we were going to do, but heightened expenses associated with that. But net-net still allowing us to deliver that double-digit constant currency that II growth.
Albert White: Yes, it’s a good question and probably an important one, because when you look at some of our competitors in the marketplace and how we talk about advertising promotional sales dollars. What we’re talking about here is partner-related activity. So that’s not TV ads. We’re not talking about, hey, we’re going through a big strategic shift here and we’re going to have TV ads all over the place and ads all over and magazines and so forth. That’s not what we’re talking about. We’re talking about doing what we’ve done well for many, many years, which is partner or work with our partners be their independent practitioners or buying groups or retail operations and so forth, work closely with them to help them be successful. A lot of those contracts, a lot of the work we do has buying discounts. So the more a retailer buys from us, the lower their pricing is. We want to work with them on that. We want more wearers coming to us faster. We want them to have the opportunity to get better price and we try to link all that together and be a good partner with them. The activity we’re talking about is investing in that – those – that sales side of that, the advertising, the promotional, trying to link that all together. So we’re a good partner with the big retailers. But it’s very similar to the advertising promotional sales work that we’ve done over the years.
Albert White: Yes. I would kind of think of PARAGARD being somewhere around that $45 million number for Q4, which means our full-year PARAGARD number is a couple of million dollars higher than what we thought it was going to be last quarter. And if you look at that, you’re probably talking somewhere in that kind of mid-ish, maybe mid even to slightly up or kind of single digits. I think, that’s probably where we’re going to come in, in the fourth quarter. Obviously, that can change a little. It’s not that big of a product, the dollars aren’t that big. So if a little bit pushes into a quarter, that can swing it. But I think, we feel pretty good about that right now being at least a mid single-digit growth.
Albert White: Yes, I mean, we’ll see where FX ends up right in December. But as of today, I would certainly anticipate EPS growth next year, that’s for sure. I mean, we need to hurdle the tax rate. But outside of the tax rate and we’re generating a lot of cash and we’ll be paying down some debt. And yes, as of today, I don’t know, why we wouldn’t be growing EPS year-over-year. If I look at the following year assuming similar tax rate, yes, then you’re going to see a much better fiscal 2020 EPS growth rate than you would see in fiscal 2019. That’s true. I think that when you look at our tax structure and so forth too, obviously, the tax rate is moving higher as part of tax reform. We’ll implement plans and strategies and so forth to do our best in terms of where we produce product and how we produce and ship and so forth to manage our tax structure. So yes, I would expect growth rates to be a decent amount better in 2020. And when I kind of look at 2020, 2021 and so forth, and these investments that we’re doing right now should return pretty good numbers in those years. And by the way, I don’t want to go overboard here in these investments.
Albert White: Yes. The MyDay Toric roll out is going really well, but we see that in many markets. We see it right here in the U.S., where that the – that product is being received really well. And what’s exciting about that is the halo effect that we’re seeing on MyDay is here, because that product had a really nice quarter. So we’re really excited about where MyDay is at right now, and how that products being received in the market. And it kind of confirms, if you will, the strategy that we’ve had about having a multi-pronged approach of a premium daily silicone in mass market and a more traditional hydrogel. So it – we’re in good shape and that’s being received well. So I’m really happy about that. Obviously, saw the strong uptick in terms of daily silicone hydrogel numbers. So I think, that’s good. I think that if you look at, I think, you’re kind of alluding that to some past discussions, when – it’s very general numbers. When you look at our market share and you kind of go, okay, you guys have 23%, a very strong 23% global market share. But you’re in that 30% range for Multifocals and 30% range for Torics and you’re kind of in that 30% for FRPs and so forth and for silicones in general. We have been running at about 16% market share in dailies. Now that is improving. So that has – that’s been true for a number of quarters. We actually moved up to 17% global market share in dailies this quarter. That number is accelerating. That is accelerating. So as the when we move that up and get to the same level and take our total market share up towards 30%, we’ll see when that happens. But based on where we are today and the momentum we have today, yes, you’re right that will happen faster.
Albert White: Yes. I think it’s fantastic. I really do. I mean, you talk about a tradeup strategy, that’s great for the industry and great for the wearer that is right where we’re at right now. We’re still in the early innings of that. You want patients wearing daily lenses. That’s what’s best for the patient. For their eye health, it’s best for them to wear daily lenses. Throw that lens out every day, put a fresh clean one in every day. You want them wearing silicone hydrogel lenses for the oxygen permeability to water content, the things we talk about in terms of the best combination of a lens that you can offer your patients. So this is not only a situation, where you have manufacturers offering premier products and it’s good for the manufacturer. Well, it’s good for the wearer also. So this is good for the marketplace. It’s good for the health of people. It’s good for manufacturers and the fact that you have – you mentioned J&J and Alcon’s products and ourselves as leading products in that space is to me fantastic. And we should all continue to push that and be successful with that strategy, and I think we will be.
Albert White: It’s a – it’s – the rebates are a reduction in revenues. So it’s – that’s taken as an immediate reduction in revenues in the quarter.
Albert White: Yes, you’re exactly right. The market is stronger, and there’s different dynamics that are driving that strength by competitors. So if you look at someone like J&J, as an example, they’re in a fantastic position. And I think those guys are doing a great job right now trading wearers up. And I think, they have a long road in front of them, the success there, because I think, they have a good team that’s smart, that’s doing a good job on that. So I would envision, they continue to be successful, driven by product trade up and you have obviously talked about our situation of focusing on winning some new wearers and capitalizing on our product portfolio, which includes the high-end and the more mass market silicone. But that, that is the driver of the market. That shift to dailies that we’re talking about is the driver of the market. Pricing, frankly, at the end of the day is relatively flat. You can look at a list pricing and pricing out there and say, is it increasing? Yes. I would say, it is increasing, but we’ve seen rebate activity also. We’re starting to annualize that rebate activity, but rebate activity kind of offsetting that. So that pricing will be relatively neutral. The other component, you’re right is geography. So there is still some geographic expansion. The established markets are relatively flat from a wearer perspective. But when you go into Eastern Europe and you go into China and certain markets, emerging markets around the world, there’s definitely still wearer expansion there. So I wouldn’t put a big part of the growth attributable to that, but that’s certainly consistent kind of underlying driver of growth.
Albert White: Yes. Unfortunately, I don’t have much to say on that. I don’t want to speculate on when Bausch is going to launch their product or how or where they’re going to launch it, or what price they’re going to launch it. So when information comes out on that, I’m happy to comment on it. But for now, I’d say, I’m not in a position to speculate or guess what’s going to happen there.
Albert White: Yes. The gray market activity that team has done a really nice job of working through that. So there’s not a lot to discuss on that. I would say that, yes, Europe had a good quarter, very challenging comp. They certainly had a nice quarter. They have good momentum there that Mark already runs that, that business over there. He is doing a really nice job over there, and I would expect that to continue. There has been a heavy focus there, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks on key accounts and success around key accounts, and we have good traction there. And that’s a region that links perfectly into the discussion we’ve been having on key accounts and why we’re investing. So I would envision that continues in Q4.
Albert White: Yes. I think, the key account discussion is a tough one, because it’s a pretty long discussion that one of the issues that you have is key accounts are not all the same. So you have some large retailer, some very large retailers, where the optometrist is essentially independent optometrist. They’re not an employee of the retailer, so they’re renting space, so to speak, from the retailer. Then you go to the other extreme, where the optometrist is employed by the retailer themselves. Now, as you can imagine, if it’s an employee relationship, there’s a lot more influence by the corporate office than if there is an independent relationship. And then you also have buying groups and so forth in there. But a large portion of the market is going to be related in some form to key accounts. And I would say, that’s especially true because of buying groups. When you get into places like the U.S., you talk about independent practitioners. They’re not nearly as many true independent practitioners as there have been historically. So that market is moving, that’s why I kind of talk about a long-term sustainable trend. The market is definitely moving to these buying groups and allowing people to work together and buy in volume, take advantage of store brands and special packaging and offering and so forth, anything they can do to help lock down their customers. So I guess, just high-end answer would be key accounts are pretty sizable part of the market, but again, that much more complex than just a generic term.
Albert White: Yes. We have not seen anything in terms of stocking level. So I know that there has been some discussion kind of in prior quarters, prior years certainly without some prior quarters in terms of some stockings, some up and downs associated with channel inventory levels. We haven’t really seen anything on that. Ours have been fairly consistent here. So I wouldn’t attribute anything either way to kind of channel inventory for us. On a go-forward basis, the way that we’re handling these relationships, I would envision, we’ll not have situations, where you get inventory or stocking levels moving up or down to a material level. If they do, we’ll obviously communicate that is being part of the positive if it is or part of the detriment if it goes the other way. So we’re pretty open and transparent on that and continue to be. From a competitive standpoint, yes, it’s another and like I said at Bausch, it’s a little pop on Alcon. I know there’s rumblings out there about them launching a new product and about them spinning into their own standalone company and Novartis doing that. And I don’t know, you guys – I’m not going to speculate on that one either you guys probably have as much if not more color than I do on some of that. And yes J&J has been pretty public about wanting to grow the business and I think that’s fantastic. And I think, they’re going to continue to grow the business. And I think they’re going to continue to put up good numbers and I’m – and that’s good for the entire industry.
Albert White: Yes, Steve. I don’t think you’re too far off on that frankly, at the end of the day. This is always a tough one, right? Because currency moves and a significant part of our business is offshore unlike some other medical device companies and so forth here. We have a large part of our business offshore and it’s growing nicely. So we do get hit more by FX than other companies. And then we’re in a little unique position, because of our fiscal year that we do get hit by that tax rate. So we’ll obviously update for currency… We’ll see where that stands in December, but I think, yes, I think generally speaking, you’re in the ballpark, yes.
Albert White: Yes, competitive launches, I mean, we’re – for our – for respect to this guidance, we’re basically a month in, right? So there’s no launches out there, we have two more months. So no, there’s really nothing in there obviously for competitive launches other than what we know as of today. So I mean, I’m not quite sure what to add outside of that I know there’s a lot of questions out there on a competitive standpoint, but we’re working on what we have. When you look at key accounts, Steve, yes, we talked about key accounts in the context of kind of buying groups in the context of working with some retailers you talked about some that we’ve discussed in the past here in terms of Costco or somebody in terms of private label opportunities. Where things have changed for us is our opportunity to go into these folks who some of who we have a relationship with and some of whom we have not had a relationship with and be able to go in and say, we have market-leading daily silicone hydrogel products. We have capacity to be able to supply them. We have the logistics to be able to get them to you. We have the packaging and the labeling to be able to do something unique for you. And we now have a sales team in efforts, where we can promote and work with you to ensure the success of those. That is a different animal than what we’ve had in the past. Now I know we’ve owned Sauflon for a few years. It’s taken us a little while to get everything behind us. It’s taken us a little bit to get all of our distribution stuff cleaned up going in the right direction, manufacturing, sales and marketing teams within key accounts and so forth. But we’re in that position and we’re doing really well. And we’re investing there and we’re starting to reap the rewards of all that work.
Albert White: Yes. That’s a great question. No, it would be incremental investments. I mean, when you look at the independent channel, we are continuing to invest there. I mentioned like Eye Care Prime as an example. And if people aren’t aware of that, I would encourage you to kind of go look at the website for Eye Care Prime. But I mean, that’s a relationship management and marketing software tool that we offer to optometrist right now. And we have it in 12 countries and we have over $45 million patients that we work with through that tool. Yes, that’s kind of a unique offering and we have other things like that. So we are continuing to invest and be active with respect to independent practitioners. They’re a core part of our business and they remain a core part of our business. So I would not want anybody to think that in anyway we’re not going to fully support our independent practitioner friends.
Albert White: Yes, I’d say that with respect to M&A, we’ll see if we can find stuff. I would say, it’s going to be smaller tuck-in stuff whether that’s vision or surgical, we’ve kind of done some small tuck-ins on both side of those. We’ll see if we can make something work there. If not, I don’t mind paying down debt right now that, that would be okay to do and to earmark dollars to share buybacks is something else I’m certainly comfortable with. So I think, we’re in a raising rate environment when you start looking at saying a little different utilization of cash, maybe even historically, if that makes a little bit of sense.
Albert White: Great. Thank you. Well, thank you, everyone. I appreciate it. Obviously, if you have any questions or comments or anything, reach out to us through our Investor Relations group and be happy to connect on that and look forward to catching up with everybody again in equity conferences and so forth and then our – on our December earnings call. So with that, we’ll go ahead and end the call, operator. Thank you.
