Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Our fourth quarter consolidated revenues decreased 1% as reported or 3% in constant currency to $682 million. Consolidated gross margin increased 70 basis points year-over-year to 67.7%. This was driven primarily by currency at CooperVision and efficiency improvements at CooperSurgical from our successful global manufacturing integration and consolidation efforts. This quarter was an extremely busy one for our manufacturing teams as we work diligently to finish most of our manufacturing restructuring activity. This now allows us to minimize costs, while optimizing production to more efficiently manage inventory levels and improve margins and cash flow. We're in a significantly better position with our manufacturing operations right sized for the current environment, while also being well positioned to ramp up quickly. We still have some absorption related inefficiencies, but we expect these to go away quickly as growth returns. OpEx was up 4.3% year-over-year largely due to plan to MiSight investment activity, including sales and marketing, regulatory and R&D costs. This resulted in consolidated operating margins of 26.8%, down from 28.5% last year. This performance slightly exceeded expectations as we continued effectively managing expenses, balancing costs against investment opportunities. Interest expense for the quarter was $6.7 million driven by lower interest rates and lower average debt and the effective tax rate was 11.1%. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.16 with roughly 49.6 million average shares outstanding. The year-over-year FX impact for the quarter to revenue and EPS was a positive 10.6 million and a positive $0.15.  Free cash flow is strong at 111 million comprised of 218 million of operating cash flow offset by 107 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased by $76 million to 1.68 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio decreased to 2.15x. Before moving to guidance, I want to mention an item you'll see disclosed in the tax footnote in our upcoming 10-K. In November as part of an internal restructuring to simplify our supply chain, CooperVision's intellectual property and related assets were transferred from Barbados to the U.K. Although this will impact our GAAP financials, including a significant one-time P&L benefit in Q1, along with offsetting adjustments over the next 10 plus years, we will exclude these entries from our non-GAAP results to ensure transparency. We do not expect this having a material impact on our non-GAAP tax rate over this period. Moving to guidance, we were hoping to give full year guidance but the surging COVID cases in Europe and in the U.S. make that extremely difficult. So we're providing only Q1 guidance at this time. This includes consolidated revenues of 642 million to 670 million down 1% to up 4% or down 3% to up 2% in constant currency. CooperVision revenue of 482 million to 502 million down 1% to up 4% or down 3% to up 1% in constant currency. And CooperSurgical revenue of 160 to 168 million down 1% to up 4% both as reported and in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.66 to $2.86. As compared to last year, we expect the midpoint of our non-GAAP EPS guidance to be up $0.07 due to a positive $0.21 currency impact offset by MiSight investment activity and slightly lower gross margins tied to unfavorable manufacturing absorption. Below the line, we expect lower interest expense to be roughly offset by a higher effective tax rate. Lastly, on cash flow, we made significant progress completing our multi-year capacity expansion program and expect solid improvement in free cash flow moving forward as operating cash flow improves and CapEx reduces. In conclusion, even with COVID, we expect to start the year off well. We have strong product lines, solid manufacturing and distribution capabilities, growing key account relationships, plenty of MyDay capacity and our dynamic myopia management business. We plan to continue taking market share and we look forward to COVID vaccines and better treatments returning markets to normal. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Sure. So the question on adjustments Yes, there's nothing I would highlight that was materially different from what we talked about last quarter. In fact, we talked on our last earnings call about how this activity would push into Q4. Now there were a significant number of things that we needed to do to right size, our inventory levels and our future production levels. Frankly, the work that was done by manufacturing, the manufacturing teams is no small task, especially to get the vast majority of it completed by fiscal year end. So at the end of the day, the steps we've taken to address the COVID-related challenges are putting us in a great position as we enter 2021 and the adjustments are going to be dramatically reduced starting in Q1.
Brian Andrews: Yes. I guess I'll take the margin question. I mean, we're not getting guidance beyond Q1, but I mentioned in my prepared remarks, gross margins being slightly down from volume related absorption. And also, higher MiSight spend. So, beyond that, I mean, there's obviously lots of pluses and minuses from COVID. And we're going to be dealing with that, but those are the two primary drivers that I would say, outside of FX that kind of brings you to the midpoint of our EPS range.
Brian Andrews: Well, by that he means we're not going to be talking about. I hear you Joanne, at the end of the day, I think we're just going to be guide into Q1 and we'll leave it at that.
Brian Andrews: Well, that's a very good question. Ultimately, the step up in basis that we get from transferring those that IP and the related assets into the U.K. provides an amortization shield against that the future taxable income. So, yes, we are eventually going to be paying taxes, but will have a tax shield for the next 10 plus years.
Brian Andrews: Well, not with growth. I mean, it's really purely tied to sort of volume related inefficiency. So as we grow, then that starts to go away.
Brian Andrews: Well, it's going to come down materially, or at least meaningfully. We did 307 million or so over 100 million of CapEx in Q4. We'll still have a pretty decent CapEx quarter in Q1 probably followed by maybe a slight step down in Q2 and then a more meaningful step down in the second half of the year. So, I wouldn't be surprised before somewhere in the neighborhood of, let's say $75 million less than where we ended this year.
Al White: Yes, good question, Larry. You're spot on. We are doing quite a bit better than we anticipated, right? The number of certified docs here in the U.S. up, you're seeing similar activity outside of the U.S. and sales and so forth, picking up commensurate with all of those certifications. So the thing that holds that back really ends up being COVID. And that's really it. I think, if we kind of move along, like we are now in the marketplace or see anything better, I think we have a chance to beat that number. Maybe the other reason you could argue a little bit on the conservative side is because that is back end loaded. Right? I mean, you're looking at continuing increases every quarter, but you're going to see a big Q4 of next year. So that's the question mark. I do think we have the potential to beat that number, though.
Al White: Yes. So let me touch on single use sphere. Where we saw strength there was on silicone hydrogels. And where there was weakness was your traditional dailies. Right? So no surprise there. We're taking share. We're growing on the silicones side of things, the traditional side softer. If you look at the impact, yes, the channel inventory came back here in the U.S. not quite as much as we were thinking. I think you'll see some of that trend back here and as we move through this year, but a little bit less than we were thinking there. Same in Europe, there were some orders that we were expecting kind of at the very end of October, that I think will end up seeing come back here as we move through fiscal '21. A number of those orders, whether in the U.S. or whether in Europe would have been, frankly, daily silicone, so it would have improved that number. I will turn it over to Brian for the…
Al White: Yes. I don't want to get too much -- into too much detail on a monthly basis. I know we're doing that a little bit through COVID. I kind of want to step away from -- step away from that. You can kind of see a little bit of what happened though. If you look at the calendar number I gave versus the fiscal quarter. So yes, I mean, October was down, it was tied largely to what I was talking about activity at the very end of October. The only thing I'll really say is November, I'm going to give you the same answer I gave historically, November, performance is included in our guidance.
Al White: Yes. So I won't get into too much detail on that. It's a little tough to compare to '19. The issue ends up being it's just COVID. I don't want to say that it's anything else, because it's not everything else in our business is going well, as Brian said, we're really well positioned from a manufacturing distribution perspective, our product launches are going well. We gave guidance here, assuming things kind of continue as is, which is frankly not very good, COVID cases going up and continued struggles in a lot of places. So we're assuming that continues, and that's baked into our Q1 guidance, anything that comes out better than that, with respect to vaccines happening or improvements, I think we provide upside for us. And you can kind of look at our Q1 and hopefully make some assumptions off that as we move forward tied to whatever your assumptions are with respect to COVID. But I'm personally optimistic with the news that I see out there, that's for sure. And the fact that you have optometry offices open around the world and fit coming back, and so forth, and consumers who wear contact lenses are really back to what they were pre-COVID, in terms of their wearing habits and their ordering habits. So a lot of really positive signs there.
Al White: Yes. I think so. And that's one of the reasons I kind of say that we need to get away from months again, because we always see this, we always have our entire lives with in terms of orders coming in and one month being up and one month being down and so forth. But channel inventories has basically equalized, I would probably say if I had to pinpoint it, looking at all the numbers and charts and everything that we have, it's lower than it was pre-COVID. But your sales are a little bit lower. So I think you'll continue to see as we move through '21 here, positive trends there. And if anything shorter term, maybe you get a little bit of positive that we're not anticipating that would come from some of the delayed October aspect. But I would certainly hope that I won't be talking about channel inventory moving forward.
Al White: Oh, yes. I mean, you're absolutely right. I mean, I remember when I started here, years ago, now we were -- we used to talk about ourselves as a fast follower, and almost take pride in it. That is not the case anymore. I mean, we're clearly the most innovative contact lens company in the market, period. And being a category leader is a big deal you get in there first, you look at MyDay toric as an example, that daily toric lens in the marketplace, wide parameter range, you get that inner, you get the fitting set in there. Why would somebody replace it? You bring in a new one with fewer skews. Why would you replace a high-end fitting set like MyDay? So being in there first is massive. When you look at category creation, like MiSight product, I mean, right now, the myopia management world that's being created is defining that world as MiSight. It's almost like Coke, you go order a coke, they hand you a Pepsi. Right now, the world's been defined as MiSight that's how powerful that program is right now as a category leader. So yes, I can't say enough good things about what the team has done over the last several years here. It's been -- it's amazing. So it's great being the innovator right now versus being the fast follower.
Al White: Yes. Well, I think some of it, you're looking at the earnings release that we put out there, right. And so you're talking about single use spheres there. If you look at single use torics, especially torics, which are strong for us, multifocals, you're seeing better performance there. So if you narrow into that, that line item, you're talking about weakness in single use spheres coming from older hydrogel lenses, right? The whole industry, that's still a massive part of this industry, it's 2.4 billion in sales, and it's declining, and it's being replaced by silicones. And that's where we're doing well, when you look at what happened at the end of the quarter in terms of people not ordering, when you see orders get delayed. What we've seen here through this pandemic is, the orders that are getting delayed and the pull down in channel inventory is tied a little bit more to daily silicones than it is anything. So at the end of the day, the weakness is coming from weakness in the industry in the marketplaces, daily, traditional dailies move away, and daily silicones transition over. When it comes to the sphere, we had a strong sphere quarter with MyDay. I think that one of the things that makes us feel good about that and looking specifically at the daily sphere side of things, is the success we're having with MyDay sphere coming back in the marketplace. We were constrained. I talked about that for a while on past earnings calls, we pulled that product off of market in several countries, right? We didn't launch it as aggressively as we could. We are now unconstrained on that product. So you're seeing MyDay out there, unconstrained we're aggressively rolling it out. I feel really positive about the future of that. And I don't want to downplay clarity, either, by the way because clarity, definitely doing well. But MyDay is definitely outperforming.
Al White: Yes. You wonder what's really been interesting about that is that that's true. So we get these docs. They come in, they get certified, they fit a kid or two, they want to see how it's working out. So a lot of times they'll fit a couple kids and then they'll wait a little while and they'll see how that interaction is with the parents how successful it is. And then, what we've seen is a significant ramp. Like if you looked at it as a curve, it's just a very fast ramp, because once they get comfortable with it, and they say, yes, this product works, yes, I can sell it, I can talk to parents, clearly these kids can wear it, right, which was a hurdle concerned about whether an 8, 9, 10 year-old can wear these lenses. Yes, all those things get checked. And when they get checked, these docs are flipping over and saying, well, I'm going to talk to every single pediatric patient I have that comes in here about this product. And we see these big ramps going. So if we continue to see that kind of activity, we should all be very excited. I mean you're holding Cooper stock, you're a happy person if we continue to see ramps that we're seeing there.
Al White: Yes. Our work market share gains, it's a little hard to tell. I don't see anything that would indicate we're not going to continue to take share each quarter. In terms of how much share that is, that's a little bit of a question mark. And that'll vary quarter-by-quarter. Clearly a product like MiSight, ortho-k, some of that stuff, the Biofinity Energys. Those are unique products to us, that are high growth products. So those are going to help continue to take market share themselves. I kind of hesitant to forecast, whether it would accelerate or not, but I do believe we'll continue to take market share, as we move through 2021.
Al White: Yes. I hate to get into some of that stuff. But I'll look at Brian, I think we did. We had about 15 million to 18 million, something like that in Q4 spend on MiSight. So a pretty significant number, then we must have roughly hit what we were going to do for the full year about 25. million. So it's a pretty good investments going on, Jon, no question about that. I would not clearly not take the Q4 spend and just annualize that. We spent a lot. We did a lot of great stuff around the launch. We're looking at it right now to determine kind of how we're doing in the best way to drive that market forward. But it is dilutive for a little while and then it should it should flip over and become pretty accretive to gross and operating margins, won't be accretive, I guess to gross margins now, but accretive operating margins in a couple years and it should be in a pretty good way.
Al White: Yes. Nothing new on the rebate front. I think we're probably at a point here, we're in a relatively new near future. We'll get some updated news from some of our competitors on the rebate activity, because they have a tendency to do that as we move into new calendar year. So maybe they will, maybe they won't, I don't know. But there's been nothing new. On competitive dynamics, I mean, at the end of the day, we have great competitors out there. They are always launching products. They have for as long as I've been here, and I'm sure they will for as long as I am here. So all we can do is continue to do what we can do, right? We manage our own business. We launch our own products. We drive success from our own products. We have a very active launch campaigns going on right now. We have a strong pipeline. So we control -- we can control and as I mentioned, I think we'll continue to take share doing that.
Al White: Yes. Some good stuff there. First of all, no stocking in the 25 million. So the assumption there is we just continue to ship product directly to people's homes. So zero stocking. Geographically, we are expanding, we launched in a couple markets. We just got approved on another one, we'll launch there. We're making progress, trying to get approvals in some huge markets, right? China is one of them that has some potential. So I think you'll continue to see us talk on these quarters coming forward about new markets that we launched into. If you look at the TAM, it's really fascinating, we did the numbers last quarter and said, a total market kind of over $5 billion annually. We based that on 8 to 12 year olds. I mentioned on this earlier in my prepared remarks that about 70% of the fits we're seeing in the U.S. are 12 years old and under. When you start seeing fitting of 13, 14, 15, 16 year olds, which we clearly see outside of the U.S., and here in the U.S. off label that expands the size of the market. So I'm not sure what the market is, when it comes to like braces and so forth. But you could make a pretty good argument right now that north of 5 billion is definitely in play. And when you when you talk about spectacles, I look forward to some of the -- some products coming and some of the advancements I've seen out there with spectacles that they're still very early. But that'll help drive this market forward. I think that ultimately, contact lenses are going to be more efficacious than spectacles are. So I think we'll have a great position there with a market leading contact lens, but I do think you're going to have a very large pediatric optometry market. I really believe that. It'll be north of 5 billion annually for manufacturers.
Al White: Yes. So PARAGARD, the only comment we gave on growth, was expecting Q1 growth. So I do think that it will grow here in Q1 year-over-year. The spending on that this year, I would think would end up being pretty similar to what we did this year. The direct to consumer spending is trending more towards social media now. We did a lot of that, like the television spending and so forth. And a lot of that was expensive. So we can pull back on that activity shifted over to social media type spending and get a bigger bang for our buck, without spending any more money. So I think ultimately, we're going to see more profitability coming from PARAGARD, right, because you're going to get some growth on a year-over-year basis, you're going to hold your spending flat. So I think we'll be in a good spot there. With respect to MiSight, it's a little top, I mean we're going to spend more on MiSight, then we're going to spend on PARAGARD, when it comes to all the activity that we put behind MiSight. But I won't get into quantifying what that'll be, because it does get dependent on when we get approval on markets around the world.
Al White: Yes. That's a real interesting one. You would think that the docs who are fitting MiSight were CooperVision docs, right. But that's not really what we've seen. The people who have gravitated towards MiSight are people who either were doing myopia management beforehand through things like ortho-k or [myopia] [ph] or something else, or people who have bigger pediatric practices. So obviously, we give some preferential treatment to people who are more part of the CooperVision family, or who are willing to ship more product over to the CooperVision family, that halo effect kind of concept I talked about. It's still very early, but it's broad. It's not focused on CooperVision docs. It's broader in terms of the optometrists who are looking at it, using our competitive products for other options.
Al White: Yes. Well, December Q4, as you remember in the U.S. as an example, we were given the first two fists away for free. So as we've done some of that activity, and a lot of kids are getting fit. If they get a year supply, well, they're not going to get there next year supply until Q3, Q4, of next year. So you're going to get kind of a ball that's just naturally that happens there, people order their year's supply. And they're paying us right, because right now we gave that to the doctor for free. So the doc received the money. We didn't receive the money. We will in Q4 of next year. And then, you just get the natural ramp itself, right? So we're up to what it was 2100 optometrists. We had a lot of optometrist here in Q4, Q3 definitely in Q4, it's accelerated. We have a lot in the backlog here in Q1 who are going through it. So as a lot of those optometrists come on, and they start fitting kits and so forth in the lens, do a few, do a few more, as I mentioned, it has a tendency to ramp up quickly when they're successful. So just naturally, it's going to move to Q4. That will continue right into Q1 next year, Q2, Q3 because it's a natural ramp. So it's not related to COVID. There's nothing specifically related to COVID on that. It's just the cadence of how the revenues evolve.
Al White: It'll be over 25 million. It's just a matter of what it'll be right? Because I mean, if we happen to get like early approval in China, I could see it being a decent amount higher than that. If we don't, it'll be less. So hard to dial that in right now. Because some of it does depend on, COVID, we get rid of COVID here early and you see new fits and stuff, you'll see our spending increase. And then, again, the more markets we get into the more spending, you'll see. And by the way, just to be clear on that, like that spending is DTC related, but it's also related to R&D. We're doing a lot R&D work for new versions of MiSight and enhanced versions, and so forth. It's regulatory, because regulatory approval cost and so forth are high in a lot of markets around the world. It's myopia management specialists, we're still we're selling through our existing sales forces. And we're not going to add salespeople, but we do have and are adding more specific myopia management specialists who docs can call and talk to. So it is kind of a broad spending that is attached to it rather than just DTC.
Al White: Yes. If you look at it from a competitive standpoint, like if you looked at in calendar, Q3, so we did apples-to-apples, where we were flat and the market was down 3%. We grew a little bit. The U.S. was stronger, right? The U.S. was stronger than Latin America was. I don't have those numbers handy. I mean, we don't really break those out much. But there's not a big difference between us and the competitors there. If you look at the competitors on a consolidated basis, it's pretty similar. Just a little bit of share again.
Al White: Yes. You are spot on, right? We're doing more direct to patient shipping than we've done. Because of that you have some less channel inventory. This quarter even, I kind of talked about that 10 million in the U.S. And I thought that number was going to be closer to kind of 15 million maybe 17 million to get us back to where we were. I think what's happening is that what you're talking about, right, the direct to patient shipping, the better inventory management kind of through the system prevented that from happening. So if we stay as is with the direct to shipping then fine, right? If it goes back to the way it was beforehand, ultimately, we will pull that that revenue back in. I have a tendency to believe that direct shipping is going to remain. So I think we kind of stabilized from an inventory perspective. But to your good point there, it did hit us a little bit.
Al White: Yes. We haven't seen that because of the fitting set. So they have a tendency to go to whatever fitting set that they like, and the lenses that they like, the higher volume product that you're going to get, they're still going to have their. It'd be more on the outsides of the bell curves, outside especially with torics and so forth. So they'll go with like to MyDay toric fitting sets they have that's how they'll fit somebody, and then we'll ship the product directly to them. So you're probably just taking more of the middle of the bell curve being in their office and more of the tail of the bell curves being stuff that we're shipping directly to patients.
Al White: No. Getting to the 25 million, we don't need approvals in other countries. I think we'll get a few right but we don't need it. On the spending side. It's interesting as I've been educated by some of our highly sophisticated marketing people here between like, spend media and earn media and so forth. We're getting more whatever you want to call it free media, like Popular Science Magazine just awarded us, one of the top new products in the market. The New Yorker just put us in their magazine is a gift giving idea. We've seen it in, whatever, People Magazine and all these different things. That's all free marketing. So we've been pleasantly surprised at how many people are picking up MiSight and talking about it and getting it out in the marketplace that we're not having to pay for, right? So that's one of the things that actually interestingly is helping us save a little bit of money is that you are seeing the -- not only the profession itself gravitate towards talking about myopia management, but you're talking people outside of profession are talking about it a little bit more. So that's kind of cool. So I don't think that you're going to see a 25 to 50 million spend scenario.
Al White: Sure. Okay. Well, I'm going to try not to make this a lengthy conversation, we might have to talk after hours. But at the end of the day, there's not a whole lot to add other than right, what I said in my prepared remarks, the IT and related assets are transferred to the U.K. and stepped up to new fair market value. It's going to result in a significant deferred tax asset in Q1. So that's going to be shielding us from future taxable income over the next 10 plus years. So what you're going to find is with that significant DTA, our GAAP, EPS is going to be significantly high in Q1. And then, in all the subsequent years, it's going to be lower than our non-GAAP rate. And so, the non-GAAP adjustments that we're going to be making will basically neutralize the amortization shield that will result from -- over the over the next 10 years.
Al White: Yes. What we're seeing is that optometry offices are open. So if you go back over the last six or seven months, you had offices closed and you had reduced foot traffic, and that's continued to improve. So you have optometry offices open everywhere, even in Europe, they've excluded optometry offices, such that they're an essential business and can remain open. So we're in a better position from optometry offices being open than when we were and we're in a better position in terms of the amount of foot traffic that's coming through those open offices. The other thing is, we've seen wearers return to their normal wearing habits and purchase patterns. Yes, there was a study that was just done. I just read it today that 76% of people wearing glasses are talking to their optometrist complaining about fogging. That's amazing. Three out of four people who wear glasses are talking to optometrist about fogging of their glasses. So you are seeing more activity. And I'll tell you, we're going into the winter months, right? So there are things that are making the contact lens market actually a little bit better in in our fiscal Q1 than kind of what we were seeing in fiscal Q4. And if you compare that on a year-over-year basis, that helps because, I mean, keep in mind, the numbers we're talking about here for fiscal Q1, down 1% at the midpoint, that's against a really a non-COVID quarter last year. For us, we don't because of the way the fiscal quarters work. So we're back to almost growing and maybe even growing in fiscal Q1 comparing a COVID-impacted quarter to a non-COVID impacted quarter. So pretty good stuff.
Al White: Yes. It's a tough one to answer because it is different around the world. Just because you're seeing different amount of COVID cases, different amount of restrictions and so forth, different amount of activity. But if I just pull that back up to a high level, I go back to some of my comments that you're seeing things for the significant number of contact lens wearers going back to normal, their ordering patterns, going back to normal, all that type of stuff, going back to pre-COVID levels. There's nothing I'd really highlighted, particularly unique around there.
Al White: Okay. Well, it sounds like we're in good shape. Thank you, everyone. Appreciate your time heading into the holidays. So good health to everyone and best wishes and I look forward to speaking to everyone next year when we get to our conference call in March. Thank you.
