Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for our reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Third quarter consolidated revenues were $843 million, up 10% or up 9% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 66.1%, down 220 basis points from last year driven primarily by currency. Operating expenses grew 13% and were 42.7% of revenues primarily as a result of the acquisition of generation generate life sciences. Consolidated operating margin was 23.4%. Within these results currency is having a significant impact – negative impact along with supply chain and inflationary pressures. We raise prices to offset some of this and have additional pricing increases coming and we’ll continue to work diligently controlling costs. Moving below the line, interest expense significantly increased year-over-year to $17 million with higher rates and debt balances driving the large year-over-year increase. The effective tax rate was 10.2% and non-GAAP EPS was $3.19 with roughly 49.6 million average shares outstanding. Year-over-year FX negatively impacted earnings by $0.67 in the quarter, which was $0.10 worse than we forecasted at the time of our last earnings call. As with last quarter, a large part of the $0.10 was attributable to the re-measurement of foreign currency based intercompany trade receivables, which are recognized in other income and expense. In order to reduce this variability moving forward, we’ve made moves, including closing out certain nonfunctional exposures and improving our natural and synthetic hedge positions. Moving forward, we believe these efforts will do a better job mitigating the impact of FX gains or losses that occur below the operating income line. Returning to the quarter, free cash flow was extremely strong at $217 million. And we decreased net debt by $218 million to $2.64 billion. This reduced leverage to 2.44 times, which lowered the borrowing rate on our long-term credit facility pricing grids by 25 basis points. As a reminder $1 billion of our debt is fixed to 2025 with a remaining amount floating. Moving to guidance. We are increasing the full year organic revenue growth ranges for CooperVision and CooperSurgical to include our strong Q3 results and the strength we’re seeing as we enter fiscal Q4. For EPS, we’re updating guidance to reflect the negative impact of currency and interest rates, offset slightly by better operational performance. Specific to fiscal Q4, the consolidated revenue guidance range is $830 million to $850 million up 9% to 11% organically. With CooperVision revenues of $554 million to $565 million up 8% to 10% organically. And CooperSurgical revenues of $276 million to $285 million up 10% to 15% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $3.05 to $3.20 based on a roughly $13.5 effective tax rate and roughly $22 million of interest expense, which includes an assumption for a 75 basis point increase in September. Regarding currency, we’re now forecasting the year-over-year, negative impact in Q4 to be roughly an 8% headwind to revenues and a 20% headwind to EPS. For fiscal 2023, we won’t be providing detailed guidance, but let me provide some high level direction. Assuming currency rates remain similar to where they are today. Interest expense increases to around $85 million due to multiple rate hikes. Our effective tax rate increases to roughly 15% and the macroeconomic environment remains challenging. We expect a report low single digit year-over-year non-GAAP EPS growth. These expectations do not include the pending acquisition of Cook’s Medical Reproductive Health Business. Lastly, as it relates to our pending acquisition of Cook, that transaction is still pending regulatory approval. We are currently exploring different options to close the transaction, including the potential sale of certain Cook assets in the U.S. and abroad, given the process and necessary approvals. The timeline is tough to estimate, but we’re hoping to close the transaction by June 30, 2023. And with that, I’ll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Larry. Thanks for the questions. Obviously you’ve followed us for a very long time, our story really well, long-term we’ve got right now, we’ve got all the macroeconomic environment that makes it really challenging to provide specific guidance into the P&L this far in advance. We’ve decided to give a few elements today just to calibrate some people on, on a few important pieces. Again, I think we want to reiterate that the core fundamentals of our business remain strong, we’re raising prices, we’re growing share, and we’re diligently controlling costs and to leverage where we can. Obviously long-term, we want to drive mid to single high, mid-to-high single digit revenue growth and leverage the P&L to grow EPS to low double digits. But right now it’s just too hard to say, and we’re just not going to, we’re not going to go there, this early in a year to talk about next year. So appreciate the questions, Larry, but we’ll update that in December.
Brian Andrews: Yes, sure. Hi Jon. So prior guidance midpoint was a 3.19. I gave the FX un-favorability versus last guidance in my prepared remarks of $0.10. The Q4 FX un-favorability is a 20% headwind to Q4. Interest expenses went up because of the Fed increases.
Brian Andrews: Okay. Yes, so just starting with FX, I mean, we – I talked last quarter about the FX headwind to revenues for the full year being 5%, it’s now 6%. The headwind to EPS last quarter was 14%, it’s now 17%. As it relates to interest expense forecasted of 50, 50, 25, and it was 75, 75 and now we’re saying 75 again in September, that’s about $0.05 right there. So, we’ve adjusted our guidance primarily tied to just FX and interest expense in some – a slight operational improvement, which gets you to that midpoint of 12.80.
Brian Andrews: Yes. Freight revenue. I mean, the only thing I would add to that is, as we are having difficulty meeting demand, it does force us to fly more than we’d like to, and we’re not able to take advantage of the ocean freight. So, I mean, you’re seeing freight charges go up all across the board. We’re doing whatever we can to try to manage that by raising, surcharges and so forth, but there’s still inefficiency in a way that we’re having to shift to our customers and you’re seeing that as a detriment to both inter company, but also freight out in distribution.
Brian Andrews: Yes. Hi, Steve. Good question. Yes. So CapEx picked up a little bit in the third quarter. Al in his prepared remarks talked about how we put some lines in place and we’re – we’re doing whatever we can as quickly as we can to ramp-up capacity. It’s hugely difficult to increase capacity quickly and we’re having a tough time meeting demand. So I would expect, I’m expecting a pretty high CapEx number in the fourth quarter. Still free cash flow being strong for the full year, but that trend kind of continuing where next year CapEx continues to go higher as we continue to put more capacity in place to try to meet demand.
Al White: Yes, on that second one. The back-to-school demand is strong. We’ve definitely see an increase on that and there’s some commentary of other people. I think national vision talked about it on their call. It comes down to staffing shortages and really strong demand. So that’s putting pressure on the optometry community, whether it’s retailers or independent optometrists to meet all that demand. So that’s a challenge right now. Now it’s, “a good challenge”, right. But it’s still a challenge that the industry needs to work through over the coming months. With respect to August, I won’t give numbers on August, but yes, CooperVision and CooperSurgical, including fertility are both having good August.
Al White: Yes. So we have seen an uptake if you will, in MiSight in the month of August certainly, and including in China where we’ve seen things loosen a little bit there. So positive news on that the uptake of that product and success of that product is moving faster than we’ve seen in most other markets around the world. So certainly positive signs that are in fingers crossed we’re now on a better path. Right. Because is that’s really the thing that, that impacted our numbers. It’s really been China that’s, I don’t know, 99% or a 100% of what’s impacted those numbers.
Al White: Yes, I think on myopia management globally will probably end up in that $90 million to $95 million range. And the only reason we’re not exceed well, two reasons, I mean but the primary reason we’re not at a 100 or, or a little over a 100 ends up being currency. The other one would be obviously China moving a little bit slower, so I wouldn’t take it completely off the table, but I’d probably say $90, $95 is probably a better number that we’ll settle in on, on SightGlass I won’t get into too many specific details on it, but I will say that, we’re submitting that data and looking forward to talking to the FDA on that and believe we have a certainly a reasonable, good chance to get approval by a calendar you’re in.
Al White: Sure. Good questions, Chris. And you can see, the guidance we gave for CooperSurgical that were kind of in that 10% to 15% organic growth range for CooperSurgical in fiscal Q4. So expecting a really strong quarter. We did have some stuff in Q3 because of supply chains move itself into fiscal Q4. As I mentioned, we started off with a good quarter within both businesses, but within CooperSurgical to support that kind of guidance range. So any, anything that maybe you were thinking, Hey, it’s going to be a touch stronger in Q3. You’re going to end up, I think seeing in Q4, because I would imagine those kind of guidance expectations are a little bit above yours or most people’s expectations for Q4. If we look at CooperVision yes, the organic growth is really strong there. The business is doing really well, that team is putting up some impressive results and that’s continuing. I think people underestimate the power of our portfolio, the breadth of our portfolio, the strength of our sales and marketing teams and the amount of new products that we’re launching, right. And whether that’s a parameter expansion or a new product itself, we’re very active and we’ve been very successful in a lot of segments and that’s going to continue. As I mentioned as we roll into this next fiscal year, we’ll be expanding the parameter range of MyDay again, it’s already market leading today. It’s going to be even better up where kind of Biofinity is. So MyDay is kind of turning into a Biofinity daily if you will kind of success story, which is just awesome, amazing.  And when you think about Energys, I mean, I’m really excited about that. We launched Biofinity Energys, it did really well for itself. The demand around the Energys technology on a daily sci-hi [ph] has been really strong. We’ve had to ramp up production considerably within MyDay to be able to do that. The manufacturing team has done a killer job to get us where we’re at today. So we have that product. We are going to start seeding the market here in the next couple of months and look forward to getting that launched in early next year. And all that activity along with the other stuff I mentioned, Biofinity and the things like Biofinity Toric Multifocal, and extended ranges, and so forth are all going to continue to support what I believe is going to be stronger than people probably expecting organic revenue growth.
Al White: Yes, on MiSight John, I think, what you are probably referring to is back to school promotional activity. So, I mean the back to school demand has been very strong and we’ve seen that demand on the optometry community. As part of that we were running or are running promotional activity for MiSight. So I’m pretty confident that’s what you are probably seeing out there. If we look at price, yes, we took price earlier this year and then we took price again, this summer. We’re looking at additional price increases right now and into next year. So I think if everything holds as it is with the economy, and inflationary pressures and so forth, you will see incremental price increases from us. 2023 should still be a good growth year for us. We still have a lot of the underlying factors that are driving growth of the entire marketplace and our growth continuing. Now we’re gaining wearers. So when you look at the fit data, as I mentioned, we’re just doing really well. We’re number one on fit data. So when it comes to winning the new wearers coming in and winning the new fits, we’re doing really well in that space. And I think that as we continue to roll products out, launch some of these new products and improve availability of products, we’ll continue to do well from a new fit perspective. And when you combine that with some price, I think, you end up with another pretty good year next year, frankly, for the entire marketplace and us included.
Al White: Yes, I won’t quantify Joanne, but there is different price increases happening on different products at different points around the world. Not only that you are actually seeing some stuff in terms of like freight surcharges and so forth, I’ll set some of those increases. I mean, the one I think, most recently that we took a few months ago was Biofinity. But we had other increases to start the year. You are right that MyDay Energys is certainly being launched or will be launched at a price premium, which will be another “increase” as you will. And then we’ll look at other opportunities as we move through the end of this year and certainly into next year.
Al White: A variety of areas that would really depend on what product you are talking about. I mean, some of them are more dramatic than others as an example MyDay multifocal is doing really well and is picking up from a number of other multifocal companies. And then it’s also picking up new multifocals wearers who are coming into the market. New wearers and I’m talking about new wearers, the new 15-year-old, 16-year-old who enters the marketplace. We’re doing really well there with MyDay and clariti. We don’t have the same opportunity of trade up as you know, as some of our competitors do in terms of them shifting from like an old traditional, if you will hydrogel daily lens to a new silicone, and getting the trade up benefit of that, we don’t have as much of that. So, when you look at our growth, it ends up coming from those new wearers and it’s really a variety of different areas in different spots around the world.
Al White: Yes, Matt, we have incorporated that, that was built into Brian’s commentary when he was talking about next year’s numbers and kind of ongoing challenges with respect to the macro economy if you will.
Al White: I would say very little benefit. In the contact lens industry so much of it still goes around to the prescription itself, right? You go get a script and you buy. So if someone’s having supply chain issues, their wear base generally extends their lenses or they wear their glasses or whatever, in order to get those products, you have to have supply chain challenges of a decent magnitude that lasts a while before you really start seeing changing fitting behavior. So, I don’t think very much right now. I would change that answer if those kind of supply chain difficulties stay at high levels and go an extended period of time. But I don’t know, but as of now, I would say very little. 
Al White: Yes, I think that’s probably fair. And we had talked about this, I think in last quarter and the quarter before, right, some of those price increases for us move in a little bit slower than others. Some of the guys have a lot on list price, right? So when they raise their list price, they’ll get a benefit from those price increases relatively quickly. We have a lot under contract, especially with respect to anything that we’re doing about store brands and that kind of stuff. So some of those price increases for us have a tendency to roll in over a longer period of time as those contracts need to re-up. But I think the, the magnitude of what you’re talking about right now is, is somewhat in the ballpark to slash lower.
Al White: Hi, Lilly. Yes, this Al, I’ll take that one. I think operating margins for us came in more or less where we expected FX is just brutally killing our P&L, and you’re seeing that – you’re seeing that in the third quarter. PARAGARD was down versus last year’s third quarter. That’s a high gross margin product. So that impacted margins and the flow through. We also had inefficiencies within CooperVision, which we knew about going into the third quarter tied to shutting down lines in fiscal Q1 that we always do to refurbish, and what we usually do. And so some of the activity we knew and we knew about and but it’s really a story about FX.
Al White: Yes. It’s really interesting going through that data because even the U.S. data we just got shows that new fits are not back to pre-COVID levels. And there’s different data at different spots kind of around the world being as much as 5%, 10% below pre-COVID levels. So if you look at the strength of the revenue numbers and where the industry is today, then you go, man, we still have 5% or 10% of fits that get back into the market, just to get to pre-COVID levels knowing that wearers are also increasing, right? You get – you can get kind of excited about the potential opportunities there over the coming years. I happen to believe that a lot of those wearers are getting fit in different ways and maybe not getting fully captured in that data, like through things like Telehealth and so forth, so that people are able to get prescriptions renewed or able to buy their lenses in different ways. But to be fair, the data is showing that we’re not back to the pre-COVID levels in terms of fits.
Al White: Yes. On PARAGARD we had a tough quarter. We said this quarter because of the comp. We’ll have a good Q4 where we started off well here in August. Matter of fact we finished strong at the end of July with PARAGARD. So with Roe v. Wade and what’s happened, women are out there and they’re a little bit more concerned about things for obvious reasons. We are seeing that women are looking at okay, well, what’s the most efficacious form of birth control? What direction should I go here? So you – we have seen an increase in interest in LARCs and you’ve seen that in some of the numbers here more recently. So we’ll see if that trend holds, if it does, you’ll continue to see outperformance in IUD. So I would say that the kind of Roe v. Wade outcome if you will, I was saying that it was a neutral to a modest, positive to us. I would probably upgrade that to saying that that’s turning out to be a modest positive to our business. We’ll see how PARAGARD goes, but I would envision a decent quarter in Q4 that’s for sure.
Al White: Yes. So a couple things on PARAGARD. We did see office visits down – OB/GYN office visits down and that was due to PARAGARD, I’m sorry, COVID related staffing challenges, right. We’ve seen some of that same stuff obviously in optometry offices and I’m sure everyone has seen that in other areas of the world. But we definitely saw a negative impact to patient traffic, especially with respect to things like general OB/GYN visits and contraception OB/GYN visits during the summer months. After the Roe v. Wade situation and a little bit of improvement in terms of capacity, you had a bunch more attention if you will focused on the matter. And we’ve seen that attention be a benefit to PARAGARD because PARAGARD is, I mean, it’s highly efficacious, 99% plus efficacious. So if you don’t want to get pregnant, get an IUD and as people look at that become more aware of that, obviously PARAGARD is the only non-hormonal IUD in the marketplace. We’ve seen an increase in terms of interest in the product and people inquiring about it, people searching for it. Our team, I think has really done a nice job trying to capitalize on that activity. So we saw that improvement starting in July. We’ve seen it continue here through August and yes, I think you’ll see growth certainly in Q4. TBD on price increases, one of our competitors did a price increase or is doing one here will evaluate another one and take price if we can, if it’s appropriate.
Al White: Yes. I would call that somewhere around the kind of breakeven this year. Let’s go with – let’s just say it’s breakeven, and then it’ll shift to being profitable next year. We build a lot of infrastructure there in terms of myopia management support people and so forth. We’ll start to leverage that infrastructure as we get into next year. So, yes, that’s an operating margin drag certainly right now. It gets better next year and then hopefully as if it continues to grow at the pace it’s growing and what we’re seeing yes, we’ll continue to improve that operating margin. Hopefully at some point in the future get that to be operating margin positive, especially with the gross margins in that business.
Al White: Great. Thank you. Thank you everyone. Again strengthen the business and the core fundamentals are driving what we’re – what what’s making us optimistic. I mean, the one thing Brian touched on it is currency has been painful for us. It’s been pretty brutal. We’re working through it the best that we can and we’re taking the measures that we can take. But if we exclude currency and really look at the fundamentals of the business, whether it’s CooperVision or its CooperSurgical especially the fertility business things are strong and we believe they’re going to remain strong. Started Q4 off well, and we’re optimistic about finishing this quarter well, and having a good year next year. So appreciate everyone’s interest. Look forward to seeing people, hopefully some of you at the Wells Fargo Conference with Larry here, I think next week, and I look forward to speaking to everyone else during the quarter on the Q4 call. Thanks
Jon Block: Great guys. Thanks. Good afternoon. Brian, maybe I’ll start with you and just the EPS. Fiscal 2022 EPS may be something down by roughly $0.40. I’m not sure if I missed it, but can you bridge the different components clearly FX hit you, the interest rate coming above what you guys laid out last quarter. So maybe just walk us through the headwinds from FX and interest rate. You mentioned a little bit on supply chain as well. And then maybe what the offset was from better than expected – sorry – there’s a lot of noise, better than expected operational growth as the organic came up by roughly a 100 bips.
Jon Block: No, I’m sorry. I’m asking just to be clear on fiscal 2022, like where – let me just sort of make up some numbers, I mean, relative to when you last guided on the second quarter conference call, what did FX and interest rates take you down? You are lower by $0.40, did you go down by $0.50 on FX and interest rates and then make back $0.10, I’m just making that number up. I’m just trying to the bridge to get towards.
Jon Block: Okay. I think I’m there. And then Al maybe I have a longer one for you, but you brought up the CVI organic growth again. Talk to us on the drivers, is it new fits? It seems like it’s certainly some incremental price. What do we think about price in fiscal 2023? Does that have to step back down relative to 2022? And then one last one on MiSight, we just picked up, some chatter that you might have rolled out a rebate program very recently. Is that correct? And if so, was that just a year one rebate or a new wear, or is that something arguably year two, year three? Please guys.
