Al White: Yes. So, Jon, the response so far from eye care practitioners has been pretty positive. A lot of them know this technology, because they've used it with Biofinity, so they're comfortable with it. They've been requesting it in a more premium daily, which is obviously MyDay that were given to them now. So, I'm optimistic it's going to do well. We're just getting it in the hands of key opinion leaders starting really here in November, and we'll continue to expand that out in the coming months. But positive response on that. It will be priced at a premium to the sphere, to the MyDay sphere. I won't go into pricing details yet as we don't have it out in the market, but it will be a premium priced product.
Al White: So, there's nothing in there for SightGlass revenue. As you know, Leah, that's a joint venture that we have. So, we don't recognize revenue from that other than a little bit of the product that we distribute, but it's pretty minimal. We've assumed continued cost there. We've had expenses associated with SightGlass that have been rolling through our P&L every quarter. We've assumed that will continue. The only thing that I would probably highlight that's not factored in there is what happens with FDA approval. If we do get FDA approval, I'm sure there will be incremental launch costs associated with that activity. And we'll obviously pull that out and highlight that specifically, but that's a little bit of an unknown. So that's the only thing that wouldn't be in there.
Al White: Yes. I think that price this year ends up being somewhere around 2% as a positive. And that's probably true for us, and an industry comment, it's going to be somewhere around in that range. So, yes, when you look at the 7% to 9%, depending upon how you want to look at that compared to prior years and so on and so forth, you've got 1%, 1.5% coming from myopia management and a couple of points coming from price still within that.
Al White: Yes. I think that it's okay, but I wouldn't go really any further than okay. When I look at fiscal Q4 certainly and how we started this year, I mean, we've got some good numbers there because of rebound activity. But if I look at actual patient traffic with respect to OB/GYN visits, specifically associated with IUD, we haven't really seen much of an improvement there. So, I think there are signs of potential improvement, but I wouldn't read too much into that right now. I think we'll still have a challenging year, if you will, with PARAGARD in terms of getting a lot of unit growth out of it.
Al White: Yes. It's -- boy, there's a lot of good demand out there when it comes to contact lenses, I can tell you. And I would say it's probably true for all visual correction companies. We were running pre-COVID. We got up to running kind of a round for a market, 5% to 6% and maybe there was a 0.5% or a point of price, something like that in there. It's stronger than that right now. So, whether it ends up being -- the shift I talked about to torics, the shift to multifocals, the shift to daily silicones, that kind of stuff that was happening before is still happening. You're getting a little bit, honestly, I think, from COVID. I think that you had so many kids who were inside and so many people who have not been able to go to the optometrist, that you're still seeing a push there. I mean you can still talk to retailers in optometry offices about issues they're having, meeting the demand from patients. And some of that is not enough optometrists and changes in optometry, work habits and so forth, but there's still staffing challenges, there's still demand-related challenges that are out there. So, I think it just ends up being a better industry, frankly, than it was even years ago. The macro growth drivers are arguably stronger than they were pre-COVID.
Al White: Yes. I think that you've got a couple of different things that pushed gross margins higher and lower, and you certainly have currency in there that ends up starting to be a positive to help us. But the price increases we're talking about also flow directly through. So, at the end of the day, we're expecting to see improvement year-over-year in gross margins. I won't go into specific numbers on that, but gross margin should be up year-over-year.
Al White: Yes. The Americas is kind of in line with market, if you will. That's where we've been running a little bit here for CooperVision for a couple of quarters. And then, we've been outperforming in Europe and outperforming in Asia Pac. I would assume that that's going to continue. We put up some good numbers, right, there's -- in Europe, and there's some questions about that in terms of what happens with the consumer there, but we're continuing to see good demand in Europe. Our key account strategies are really successful there. So, I'm expecting us to continue to put up solid results in Europe. Asia Pac is certainly coming back. We posted a good quarter. As you'll remember, pre-COVID, for a number of years, we were double-digit in Asia Pac. We've got a great presence there, a great team there, and I would expect us to continue to put up strong numbers in Asia Pac. The Americas, I think, continues to kind of grow around in this area. I do think one thing that could help, the Americas somewhat end up being priced. We all talked about price, but the key on price ends up being the net price that you realize, taking price and then offering discounts or other activity to retailers and people doesn't get you the true price. You have to look at the net price increases. I think as an industry and us included, everybody is doing a better job focusing on that, saying, hey, we have to get the net price increase. So, I think that's going to help the Americas market a little bit as we're in 2023 also.
Al White: Sure. Yes. I think that -- I don't think we got 2% last year in terms of price increases. We did not. CooperVision did not get 2% in terms of price increases. So, I think we were probably more in the 1% to 1.5% kind of range for price increases. And I think that increases to 2%, which picks up the things that you're talking about. And I think that will -- that bodes well, if you will, when you think about that from the perspective of what that means for like Q3, Q4 this year and probably fiscal '24 also, because the things that you're referencing are all future positives for us.
Al White: I don't think we've seen really share shifts. We've all had our challenges I think that it cost us some. We met a lot of the customer expectations through expedited shipping, that kind of thing. And that's some of what Brian was talking about, right, which is those costs to meet consumer expectations can get expensive. I think at the end of the day, when you're talking about share shifts and so forth though, it takes a little bit longer to see that. The practitioners setting what they want to fit they need to go through a period of time where they're unable to get product from someone before they really start changing their fitting behavior. So, I don't think we've seen shifting share dynamics because of that. We've been taking share, I would say, for the same reasons that we've taken it historically. Great product portfolio and a great sales team out there executing. I don't think that we’ve really seen much in terms of share shift because of supply chain challenges or shipping-related issues.
Al White: Yes. I think that people are underestimating the power of CooperVision's daily silicone hydrogel portfolio. I know there's a lot -- it's complicated, right? And it's probably -- it's more complicated than some of our competitors in terms of the offerings that we have. But when we talk about something like the MyDay toric parameter expansion launch that we're going through, I mean, I understand that's a hard thing for people to understand or get their arms around, but it's powerful and it's important, and there's incredible traction associated with that and great annuity streams on high-priced products. So, I think at the end of the day, that's probably what it is. And if you think about that in the context of not only a product like MyDay toric, but also the multifocal and you think about Energys, a really, really strong product side. And by the way, I don't want to ignore clariti, which is doing really well, especially in Asia Pac right now. So, it's not surprising to me that we're continuing to put up strong daily silicone numbers. And I would expect those to continue as we move through 2023.
Al White: Sure. Yes, MiSight was a positive this quarter, better than my expectations. The myopia management number, if you will, in total we get the 93 million, but Ortho-K was weaker than expected. We ran into some issues in September and October with our Ortho-K product line in China. And we all know what's been happening in China. And our Ortho-K sales came in definitely lower than expected. The flip was true on MiSight, where we posted some good numbers. I was happy with that. The fitting activity is pretty strong there. The interest in activity we're seeing from some key accounts and retailers and so forth is positive. Retainage [of wears] (ph) was positive again definitely this past quarter. So, some good positive trends with respect to MiSight. It's almost a little under the surface, if you will, but I was really happy with our Q4 performance there.
Al White: So, yes, tough comps is part of it, as a matter of fact a couple of years with pretty decent performance here in tough comps. We're seeing strong results so far this quarter. We're not seeing anything to really indicate a material slowdown, that's for sure. Having said that, we're giving guidance for the full year. So, when you think about the factors Brian mentioned talking about guidance, right, and the potential that we're factoring in a moderate recession and inflation and other items that are out there, yes, we try to take that all into consideration and give what we though were prudent guidance ranges.
Al White: Sure. Yes. On Cook, I'll stay away from commenting anything on that. We're actively out in the market right now, trying to see if we can make a transaction happen. And depending upon what happens, we'll obviously have a decent impact on what the final numbers will look like, right? Obviously, some things have moved against us, interest being clearly one of them. When you update for interest rates, that's clearly more negative than it was when we announced that deal. But I'll kind of stay away from commenting beyond that just because there's a lot of activity behind the scenes on that one now. On SynergEyes, yes, a nice little specialty business here in the U.S., around $20 million in revenues. We paid about $30 million for that business. Just a nice little tuck-in into our specialty business unit. They have cool hybrid lens and some other technologies that will fit well into our space. As you know, we're a leader in the specialty space, whether it's things like MiSight and Ortho-K and scleral lenses and so forth. So that's an important part of our legacy, our history, and something we want to remain a market leader in. So, tucking in that technology is a positive for us. It's new to us. We don't have that technology. So, it's adding something new for us. So, yes, that's kind of a story behind that one, small deal though.
Al White: Yes. Well, part of Europe is we have a really strong team there. Debbie Olive runs our team. I was just over in Europe with our Italian team who's crazy strong. Just really, really proud of that team, and they're executing incredibly well. I wouldn't highlight anything necessarily where I'd say, hey, there's a different subscription model and so forth. There are differences, but they're more subtle. But the team is just executing well all over there, especially with respect to key accounts. Our key account team is really, really strong, and they've been executing and being successful there. So, we're taking share and believe that there's a decent chance we're going to continue to be able to do that moving forward.
Al White: Yes, that's a good question. Yes, we took a decent step forward a few years ago in terms of investing in our distribution networks. What I would kind of describe this is we did a bunch of that work in some of our big distribution facilities and our big manufacturing facilities. We've continued to see significant growth around the world. So, we're needing to expand. Now, one of the great things about this that actually gives me some comfort is a lot of the technology is already in some of our distribution centers as an example. We're rolling it out to other distribution centers that used to be small that have now gotten larger and we need to automate or automate sections of that. When I look at manufacturing, we were upgrading a lot of our lines and improving a lot of our lines as we move to like really high-volume production. It's expanding on those high-volume lines. So, this is a pretty big expansion, though. I mean, I step back and kind of look at it, and Brian talked about the numbers, I mean, it's pretty sizable dollars. So, we're going around. We're doing this expansion. We're building out capacity to really support a long-term growth story. I've talked about that in the past, right? I continue to say that we're in some great growth markets when it comes to contact lenses and fertility. And we're investing accordingly to be able to continue to put up strong top-line growth for many, many years. So, this is real. I mean we're spending some money and doing some hard work to do it. And why we're doing it, by the way? It is hitting the P&L a little bit, but let me give you an example on that side of things. When you're doing an upgrade on some packaging lines as an example, let's just -- let's say you're doing an IT upgrade, right, we're continuing to run those lines, while in -- at the same time, we're putting in the upgrades, right, and we're not disrupting service. So, we'll get inefficiencies by doing two things at the same time, right? As soon as we're comfortable that the new upgraded system is better, then we'll stop using the old system, and we'll get rid of it and get rid of those duplicate costs. So, we've done this before. We're doing it again. We're trying to maintain high customer service levels. We're trying to meet the demand that's out there from a long-term perspective. We're entering into contracts that are tied to long-term growth. So, there's things that we're comfortable that the demand is there. So, anyway, long story there, I guess, Matt, just kind of saying that I'm excited about it. I think there's some really cool things that are going on and are going to support a lot of long-term growth for us.
Al White: Great. Thank you. I'll give you one closing remark, and that's that if FX rates stay where they're at, I am certainly happy that we're going to spend less time talking about currency. I mean last year, currency was negative to us around $2.32, I think, so a pretty significant hit to EPS and a big hit to the top-line. As Brian mentioned, FX is still a decent negative to us in Q1, but then it actually starts turning the other direction to the point where it actually starts moving positive. If that holds where it's at right now, that's going to put us in a good position to get back to the back half of this year, where all else being equal and holding steady, we could be back up to double-digit EPS growth. So, I'm excited to get currency behind us. I'm excited about what the team is doing right now, and the momentum that we have, and the investment activity that we're putting dollars behind. I think our business is in a really, really good place right now. So, with that, I'll thank everyone for the call, and say happy holidays, and look forward to speaking with everybody in the future. Thank you.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Jon, yes, good questions. I'll take the second part of your question first. Yes, there's a good part of that, that was transient that really was particular to the quarter. And then, there's an element of the inefficiencies and just elevated OpEx that will persist into 2023. Now, I touched on some of the things that drove our guidance, including the strong revenue growth, gross margins improving, driven by price increases, and operating margins up slightly. We are assuming a modest recession, including those inflationary pressures and those continued inefficiencies. And then there, of course, the rate increases and some conservatism perhaps on FX. But the nice thing is, obviously, currency was brutal last year. It's going to be bad in Q1. It will improve quite a bit after that. But we got hit hard with increased costs in 2022. Those will settle down a little bit. But we are factoring some of that in. We are seeing some normalization at freight and wages. We'll annualize some of those, and we're seeing some improvements already, but we did not factor some of those improvements into our guidance. So, in short, yes, the elevated OpEx is taking our EPS guidance, maybe a touch lower than where we were three months ago. But it's still not materially different from where we had set guidance, where -- what we had said about a quarter ago about driving to low single-digit earnings growth. We just have higher interest and just some of the elevated OpEx that we've factored in perhaps for a little bit of conservatism as we start the year.
Brian Andrews: So, revenues will be a little bit lower, and gross margins probably a little bit similar, but you've got higher OpEx, and certainly higher interest expense, which will drive your EPS a little bit lower versus.
Brian Andrews: Sure. Hi, Steve. Yes, I mean as it relates to the recession risk comment, we factored that into our OpEx assumptions primarily, but also the revenues and cost of goods. We feel we can hurdle the latter two with price increases. Regarding OpEx, you still have wages and freight, for example, that we put in assumptions in around inflation. As I said earlier, we're seeing some improvements in normalization. We didn't factor them in, though, into the guidance. So, not putting that inflation abatement or any upside that we're starting to see, we're starting the year off. We want to be a little bit conservative. We've got the full year ahead of us. We want to be prudent, as Al said. So, that's kind of what we put in. And then, of course, just some of the commentary around interest rates and FX, of course, also maybe a touch conservative there, too.
Brian Andrews: Sure. Yes, I mean operating cash flow should be better than last year. You still have things like interest and taxes that will offset some of the operating cash flow versus last year, but still net-net, operating cash flow up probably just a bit, just slightly. And then with the $400 million CapEx that I cited, you're probably somewhere around $300 million of free cash flow in 2023.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. And if I can just have another question on the guidance. You talked about $120 million to $130 million in myopia management revenue. What's assumed on SightGlass in that? And what do you assume about SightGlass launch cost in the guidance? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just one follow-up on PARAGARD. I know this quarter you guys had an easy comp. But we did see some data starting to suggest the office visits improve and just IUD use improve overall. So, what are your kind of thoughts on the end market growth for IUD and PARAGARD into '23? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then just a follow-up. The [silicone] (ph) daily number came in pretty well above what we were thinking. So, maybe just on the competitive environment there, is there any color you can share on what you've been seeing in terms of share capture versus trade-ups from your own base? Thanks very much.
