Robert S. Weiss: Great. Yes, thanks. On the gross margin, I think you nailed it. We basically had that the yen go against this a little bit from our last guidance. So from a sequential standpoint, we did see about a 30-basis-point impact. And we do have, if you look back and I just have data for the last 5 or 6 years in front of me, and you can see that Q3 is always kind of our lowest gross margin quarter. We see that dip, it's normal. We have a number of manufacturing variances that come through, including we have traditionally shut down our plants in December in order to do some maintenance and get it prepared for the year, and that flows through naturally in the Q3 timeframe. On the tax side, we have had a lot of kind of one time items pop up this year. We're not in a position where we want to give guidance for next year. I did want to highlight that there are some things that are one time in nature, and that's kind of why I brought that out. On the other side, I did mention but you have a certain amount number of discrete items that reversed occasionally each year, and the size of those items are really -- we don't know those in advance, and so that has an impact that can actually raise the rates. So at this point, we're not going to go through and give yearly guidance for 2014 on the tax rate.
Robert S. Weiss: All right. As far as the pricing of MyDay, I'm not going to get into all the details other than to say we're obviously not going to price at the high point at both TruEye and TOTAL 1 are, which is the reason that the market remains a niche market. So expect our pricing is not -- it's going clearly be below that sphere of -- in that tier of pricing. As far as demand, demand is going to be -- it's certainly exceeding our capacity throughout 2013, throughout 2014. And once again, that is purely a function of our ability to ramp up in long lead times on equipment that are 12 to 18 months, which really will push us out to 2015 and beyond. As far as the timing in U.S. and what we expect in the U.S., the approval to sell in the U.S., we expect within the next 12 months. Whether or not we immediately go-to-market once we get that approval will be a function of not overextending our reach. So if the demand is robust in Europe and we've committed to customers, we're going to honor those commitments first in Europe and then we'll take it from there as we ramp up. As far as the risk of not being able to ramp up, it's more about plugging -- getting the equipment, plugging it in, validating it. It is not novel equipment, it's equipment we have been using in the production of both Avaira, as well as the production of MyDay. So I think it's more execution, unlike Biofinity when that really got started way back when in 2006, '07 and '08. It was a material that was challenging to us and a huge learning curve, not only the equipment -- that the production equipment came into play, but also the material came into play. So I think we'll be on that.
Robert S. Weiss: I kind of lost you some place along there, but let me comment on Japan. You're correct, Japan is the biggest 1 Day silicone hydrogel market. The gating of the 1 Day silicone hydrogel market and the rate limiter has much more to do with price points than it does whether or not demand is there for silicone hydrogel. So the reason we're not going straight to Japan has a lot to do with the approval process we are embarking on going down that path, and we'll get to Japan at some point in time. As far as is the product limited by way of revenue potential, I think, not. In the next couple of years, we're not worrying about can we sell the product. It's kind of where do we sell it in one order and how do we control the process so we don't offend people that can't get the product? So that's really the rate limiter. But in the perfect world, if Japan were available, who knows we might have that -- meaning we have the approval process, we might very well go there first, but that's theoretical. As far as I think some of those other questions you asked, you're going to have to maybe repeat them.
Robert S. Weiss: In other words, any buyback done by us, we have the approval to go into the market and we go into the market opportunistically, but we clearly do not define what that means or the parameters of that. I would view that as not linked with anything else we're doing. Maybe the only limiter would be use of cash in terms of investment opportunities and other things on our plate.
Robert S. Weiss: I think it is, #1, July, of course, is in the reported period and I think you're doing a bifurcation of maybe the calendar data and the CLI data and...
Robert S. Weiss: But relative to the guidance we're giving, I think it's pretty in sync with the run rate we had, both in the quarter ended June 30, which was the 10%, and the 3 months ended in July, which is the fiscal period, which was 9%. But quite frankly, that got weighted somewhat by a non-soft contact lens piece, the Aime products business, if you will. So I don't think you can read any slowing in the bifurcation or in our guidance.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I think if we look way down the road, you're going to end up with products in different categories at that cost. As cost comes down over time, the -- it will start taking on a profile a lot more traditional albeit the strategy of the industry has always been trade-up and hold the premium, some premium. My only problem with TOTAL1 and TruEye is that there is a limit and you're -- what you're trying to hone in on is where is that limit? There's no doubt that moist establishes a good guideline of what is affordable, it's the biggest product in the category. And so you know the price point can be at least moist. And you know the price point since moist is not -- silicone hydrogel can be higher than moist. So I think that's one parameter of that we know works in the marketplace. There is -- the market is willing to pay a premium for silicone hydrogel above hydrogel, so it's some place above moist. But clearly, there's a point where it cuts off, and that's where the sharpening of the pencil comes into play, which is we're not going to get too far into the details on that.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes. So to your point, we did not -- it was not a contributor to the quarter and that the rollout of the MyDay itself is a fourth quarter event as we speak now in Europe.
Robert S. Weiss: Let's just say we're still early in the startup cycle, the production. And there are things on the new equipment as it comes in that will be more accommodating to the product. And you're right, the learning curve will continue to improve. We're well into the last meeting when we initially started the product and when we initially rolled it out as a private label. The private label product for the most part was a negative gross margin. The costs have come down so we're in positive territory, but we have a long way to go relative to where we expect to take it.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I think as long as the price point is where it is on TOTAL1 and TruEye, this is the market that today is, let's say, something around or a little less than 5% of global market, or around that number, predicated mainly or targeted mainly at Japan. So it's, I would say, not all that much is happening in Europe and the U.S. in the extreme premium part of this market. As part as Sauflon is concerned and Clariti, it's my understanding they do have approval in the U.S. But having said that, I think they now have order for equipment, so I think like the other people in this space, everyone is in the process of ordering equipment, whether you're J&J or Alcon or Cooper or Sauflon, your -- there is a lead time on equipment in ramping up.
Robert S. Weiss: I just think that's in sync with our run rate off the quarter. I think we brought it down $5 million at the top end, and that's a reflection that they're kind of marching more towards the middle of the range than towards the top of the range this time. I think the closure, as the year progressed, the closure device and our conversion there, which started a little in the third quarter in terms of the numbers we put up in the third quarter kind of ripple into the fourth quarter, and it's more whether or not you round it in the -- round it down in the third quarter.
Robert S. Weiss: Chris, on the second comment on silicone hydrogel, as far as it being I think 43% in the second and third quarter, I think that's just your -- when does it round up to next level. Obviously, we're happy with the 22% growth on a much larger base, and so the constant currency contribution in growth is much higher than the total. And clearly, it continues to gain the size of our pot, if you will, as well as the market at a very respectable rate. So no, I don't read anything into the 43% and the 43%.
Robert S. Weiss: I guess I would just say, we continue to invest money in the company, both on geographic expansion, as well as R&D that is expanded more rapidly than the top line, meaning the emphasis to D, not the R. So it's only a matter of having time to digest that. And also keep in mind that as the yen has declined throughout the year, we still already have a hurdle to overcome first quarter next year as that will still take its toll. And those numbers have been pretty big. I think Greg pointed out the $0.17 for this quarter, $0.16 forecast for next quarter, which I think adds up to $0.54 for the year. So that's been a big hurdle and granted we've had some good things go that have minimized that this year from the point of view of the royalty and other factors in our cost of goods area. So when you put it all together, it's clearly too early to go beyond the guidance we're giving in our -- in my comment, if you will, that is going to be low double-digit.
Robert S. Weiss: Just a couple of comments on your questions. Piggybacking on what Greg just -- comment he just made that MyDay is not going to be a major influence next year. That is still predicated on timing of equipment. The equipment lead times are 12 to 18 months, you're only as fast as the longest piece of equipment it takes to get. So it is unlikely. Quite frankly, impossible to get the equipment in, get it plugged in, get it assembled, get it validated, make products and have the product make it out the door to any significance next year relative to any equipment we now have on order. So that is -- clearly, capacity is the governor in 2014. And therefore, MyDay is just not going to be a big factor in that process. Relative to market outlook, I would say that we're, there is no indicator I've seen that says the market should be outside of that range we've given in the past 4% to 6% in a kind of a post deep recession economy that we had. So we're now, in my opinion, at the 4% to 6% range and we've been running most recently towards the bottom end of that range at 4%. But I do think we'll start to accelerate a bit. As far as our guidance, our guidance would be eliminated at this point in time to say and we continue to expect to gain share. We're not saying we're going to match what we've done the last 1 to 2 years at 2x to 3x the market. We're going to gain share, by how much that is one we're not going to attempt to put a lot of color around right now.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for calling in today. And once again, for those of you that have New Year's activities, our apologies for the overlap and have a great happy New Year. For everyone, I look forward to updating you on our year-end results in December, I think it's December 5, very much like today, the 5th. So we look forward to giving you update on just how well 2013 went at that point in time. Thank you.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes. And, Jeff, to your other question on margin. Obviously, MyDay has a margin well below our standard margin, but it's in the rounding based on the volume of the product at this point for the quarter.
Gregory W. Matz: Well, Origio was accretive. We've incorporated that into our business model, so we don't break that out separately.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes. So, Chris, on the Aime transaction, we're still working through that. Once we determine that it is definite and that we definitely have a deal at that point, we will book that and you will see that flow our -- through our earnings. We are hoping that's in Q4, but again, we have a couple of milestones that we're still working through at this point.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes, I mean on the gross margin, I think if you look back in the last few years, and again, I mentioned that I have 5 years in front of me, that Q3 has always been the lowest gross margin of the year, and you will see our -- and you will see it go back up in Q4. So you've got a natural process and a lot of it is around manufacturing variances, a little bit more revenue in the quarter. All of that stuff contributes to a higher margin in Q4. And so from that perspective, we feel very comfortable with the guidance that we've given. Again, we're not going to give guidance in the next year. MyDay is still -- it's still a small product compared to our other product portfolios. So even though it has a lower-than-average gross margin, it's -- again, it's not going to drive our gross margins in the coming year just based on the volume.
