Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al and good afternoon everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Al covered revenues, so I'll focus on the rest of the financials and guidance. Consolidated gross margins for the quarter were 67.3%, down from 68.3% last year, driven by the negative impact of currency. CooperVision's gross margins were 66.5%, down from 67.5% last year due to currency. Excluding currency, operational positives, such as product mix, were offset by higher rebates and certain higher internal handling costs which we've discussed before. CooperSurgical's gross margin declined to 69.6%, down from 70.5% as the benefits from higher PARAGARD sales were more than offset by operational inefficiencies and challenges associated with the transfer of production to our new Costa Rica manufacturing facility. Consolidated operating expenses grew 4.6% in the quarter, driven by increased investing in global sales and marketing in both CooperVision and CooperSurgical. Of note was an item we discussed last quarter, which was a significant increase in CooperSurgical sales and marketing expenses associated with promotional activities, especially television advertising around PARAGARD. Outside of this, expenses were kept fairly in line with revenue growth. Operating margins declined to 27.1% versus 28.5% last year primarily due to currency. Below operating income, we reported an $18.5 million of interest expense and an effective tax rate of 7.5%. The tax rate was positively impacted by excess tax benefits received from the exercising of stock options and favorable internal restructuring activities. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $2.94, with roughly 50 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was $162.1 million comprised of $214.8 million of operating cash flow, offset by $52.7 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased by $164 million to $1.825 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio declined to slightly under two times. Moving to guidance, we're updating our revenue outlook to incorporate Q2 results and the negative impact from currency. On a consolidated basis, fiscal 2019 revenue guidance is now $2.633 billion to $2.667 billion. This includes increasing the midpoint of CooperVision's pro forma growth by moving a range up to 7% to 8% pro forma or $1.964 billion to $1.985 billion, reflecting what we believe will be continuing momentum even against tough comps in the back half of the year. The midpoint of CooperSurgical's revenue guidance is also being increased to 4% to 6% pro forma or $669 million to $682 million. Outside of revenues, we expect consolidated gross margins to improve slightly year-over-year with CooperVision expected to post similar year-over-year margins in Q3, but then a year-over-year improvement in Q4 driven mainly by currency. With respect to CooperSurgical, we expect the inefficiencies associated with the transfer of production to Costa Rica to remain for the remainder of the year, but still expect gross margins in Q3 and Q4 to be similar to last year with sales mix and other manufacturing efficiencies offsetting the impact. Consolidated operating margins are expected to be up slightly for the full year. Interest expense is forecasted to be around $69 million as we're expecting strong free cash flow in the back half of the year and no additional rate hikes by the Fed. For taxes, we're expecting a full year effective tax rate of around 8.5%, which reflects the lower Q2 we just reported and expectations for slightly lower rates in the back half of the year. Incorporating all of this, we're increasing our full year non-GAAP EPS guidance range to $12.15 to $12.35 which reflects the positive impact of tax and interest, offset by currency. On a constant currency basis, this would be a year-over-year earnings growth of 11% to 13%. To add a little more color on our guidance. Currency has recently moved against us, and we're forecasting a negative year-over-year impact of $66 million on revenue and $0.62 on EPS. Since last quarter's earnings guidance, currency is $11 million worse on revenues and $0.15 worse on earnings. These assumptions are based on current rates, including the euro at $1.11, the pound at $1.26 and the yen at JPY110. Note that we're forecasting some core operating profitability improvements associated with the constant currency increase in our revenues, but we'll be reinvesting this back into the business with a focus on MiSight and PARAGARD. Regarding quarterly gating, we expect Q4 EPS to be higher than Q3, driven by the currency impact to those respective quarters. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Hi Larry, its Brian here. Yes, so on the tax side, our internal expectations for Q2 were around 12.5%. Now, we ended at 7.5% for the quarter. So, that 5%, I'd say, around two-thirds of that was related to stock-based comps, so stock options and so forth. About a third of that was internal tax restructuring. So, we talked about that a little bit last quarter. There were a few different components that lowered our tax rate down to 2.5% or so. One of those being the internal tax planning and supply chain planning that we did towards the end of last year that really was going to have only an impact on this fiscal year. So, we underestimated some of that impact, and so we actually are getting a bit more of a benefit than we anticipated from that restructuring and so that was about a third and then the rest was options.
Brian Andrews: Yes, that's still a good number. I mean right now, there's a lot of pressure upwards on that effective tax rate. But I think until we get to the end of the year when we provide new guidance, we're sticking with the 14%.
Brian Andrews: Yes. So, -- hi Joanne, its Brian here. So, we -- during my script, I mentioned that gross margins were going to be slightly up year-over-year. We still have some of those pressures on margins with rebates, and freight and secondary handling, and some obsolescence that I talked about in the past. Certainly, our expectations, we haven't -- we're not ready to give guidance for next year, but I have my expectations that they would improve year-over-year next year as well. But I think as we get to next year, I think some of the things like freight and secondary handling start to subside a little bit, hopefully, rebates level off a little bit. So, I think gross margins should improve.
Brian Andrews: Yes. I'll just add to the financial aspects of it. This year, we're projecting somewhere in the neighborhood of $2 million to $2.5 million worth of impact from the China tariffs between CooperVision and CooperSurgical. Next year, we would estimate it to be somewhere between $4 million and $5 million. So it's -- CooperSurgical has very small sales into China. We've got a little bit of manufacturing there that's contributes to it. And then like Al said, our U.S.-made products, including Puerto Rico, for CooperVision results in some tariffs. So, -- but in the grand scheme of things, it's very small.
Brian Andrews: Sure. We don't typically get into gross margins, but as you know, the pound and the HUF, they flow through cost of goods in a six-month lag. So, for this year, the remainder of this year, we're seeing a reduction in cost of goods from improvements year-over-year in the pound and HUF. On the revenue side, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it was about $26 million negative. So, it was a small -- there was a small benefit from cost of goods, but for the remainder of the year, you're going to see sort of a small benefit in cost of goods and about 37% of that $66 million kind of hitting between Q3 and Q4, with a bigger impact in Q3.
Albert White: Yes. Larry, good question. We do have confidence in that. I mean we have pretty good momentum in the business. We obviously have started this quarter off already, so taking our expectations for this quarter and putting that also into our assumptions around the guidance. So I think when you look at good start to the second half of this year here, good momentum in the business, a lot of the trends that are -- that have been driving our business, and our market share gains are continuing around the daily silicone hydrogel side, especially. When you look at those factors, our expectations that we actually think the Americas is going to get a little stronger in the back half of the year as we've now annualized some of that rebate activity. When you roll that altogether, that gives us some confidence that we'll be able to put up some pretty good results in Q3 and Q4.
Albert White: Yes. I think we will have pretty strong free cash flow in the back half of the year. If you look at our free cash flow typically by quarter throughout the year, you'll see a lot of strength in the back half of the year. So, that's very common for us. As our revenues ramp-up and profits come up then cash flow really comes into the business. So, I anticipate that will happen again. Whether we to get to $500 million or similar to last year, that'll depend largely on CapEx. We're doing a lot of buildout right now, especially associated with new daily lines. So, it'll depend when the check goes out the door for that. But I would say if we just run our business as we have historically, you'll see strong free cash flow in Q3 and Q4 and some pretty -- by default right now, some pretty significant pay-down in debt. 
Albert White: Yes. You're right, a little competition coming here soon on the daily silicone hydrogel side. Frankly, at the end of the day, I think what you're going to end up seeing because of that is Alcon launches it, depending upon how they launch, what their strategies are and so forth with PRECISION 1, they'll trade up some of their DACP wearers. And that's probably $800 million, $900 million in sales. So, as I was talking earlier, that's a 20% trade-up or somewhere in that kind of range is how we look at it. I'm sure it's the same for them, maybe higher depending upon their price points and so forth. So, I think that what you're going to see is them doing a little bit better. That's going to help the overall market do better. And I feel pretty decent that you're going to see market growth next year of 5%, 6% again, somewhere in that kind of range, maybe even a touch higher. With respect to us in that market, we'll continue to do with we're doing. Selling into key accounts and being successful, selling into independent practitioners around the world, being successful, all focused on our daily silicone hydrogel business where we have true strength right now, where we're taking a lot of market share. So, continuing to do that and winning some market share out there and continuing to grow those type of big accounts is what's going to push us. At the end of the day, I feel pretty confident about that. I mean the trends that are in place and the factors that are driving our growth should continue even if there's a little bit of competitive strength that comes in.
Albert White: Yes, I'll tell you, one thing that I'm happy about -- definitely happy about and keeps me excited is the New Fit Data. I talked about that in the past. It's not always necessarily the best data when you talk about GfK, and it's not covering everyone. But we've had a long history and good trend information that we pick up from New Fit Data and it's very positive in our favor right now. So, we are definitely winning new wearers that are coming into the marketplace, and that focuses heaviest on the dailies side. So, as long as we continue to stay in front of the competition, right, driving our cost down, getting our products out into the marketplace, making them available, keeping the broadest portfolio of clariti, the sphere or toric or multifocal, making sure that those lenses are available to everybody and working around our customized offerings that I talked about, the customized labeling and branding and doing store names and so forth -- store brands and so forth, I think we're going to continue to do well. So, I'd anticipate very strong continued growth in our daily silicone hydrogel franchise.
Albert White: Yes, I have to tell you, I am really excited about MiSight. The interest in that product has been growing around the world. I mean we sell it now. We're almost $1 million -- we're almost did $1 million this past quarter in MiSight, and it's growing dramatically. I guess, if anything, you can kind of look at it as a little bit of a plus-minus. I mean we're pulling in quite a few dollars, quite a few expenses into this year to promote that product through advertising and educational purposes. And we're probably going to spend a decent amount more next year as we get out there. So you're going to see five-year data presented at BCLA. It's fantastic data. It shows that, that product is successful. We are clearly a market leader when it comes to myopia management, and we need to stay in that position. So, I'm pretty excited about MiSight. I think there's a lot of future potential on that. And I'd also say it's not only that myopia management side, but it's also the halo effect that we get from that. We are going to be the premier company out there when it comes to myopia management, and I think that'll help us on some of our other products. So, really excited to roll that out, figure out how to best commercialize that product and capitalize on it.
Albert White: Yes, with respect to the rebate activity, that's the U.S. market is really what we're talking about. And that came to life a few years ago. It's -- fortunately, it seems to have settled out here, and if anything, we're starting to see -- looks like some price come back into the market. We had some price increases, and we've had rebates flatten out, and we're actually analyzing rebates right now. So, we'll see if it's here to stay or how that'll play out. I mean at the end of day, rebates have been around for a long time. It's just a matter of; they were increased pretty significantly, especially associated with dailies. So, we'll see how that plays out. But I would say for now at least, a little bit of optimism there in terms of rebate activity leveling off and maybe pricing starting to move up.
Albert White: Yes. I mean to me, mostly success ends up being defined by our revenues, how successful are we doing. And your next question is, okay, how much is it costing us to get those revenues, and is the return sufficient to do that? Clearly, when it comes to the salespeople, when it comes to the print advertising, the social media, all that kind of stuff, no question, that's a no-brainer. When it comes to TV advertising, we have seen some success from that. The question right now that we're really looking at is what's the return on that? So, yes, we are getting improved unit sales associated with all of that activity, including the TV advertising, but is the TV advertising, which is fairly expensive, generating a sufficient return? So, we ran ads for quite a while. We've kind of taken a pause on that as we evaluate how things are going. You can see in the numbers things are going well. The team there is just doing a fantastic job. I was just in Trumbull, I couldn't be happier with the success we have there. We are going to continue to invest there in a multitude of different areas. So, I would say, hey, at the end of the day, you're going to see investments continue. I don't know how much TV advertising you'll see, but if it makes sense, we're going to continue to do it. And we're optimistic we can continue to put up some pretty good growth numbers in PARAGARD.
Albert White: Yes, so I mean no question, key accounts are a very important part of our business. And when you look at several of the key accounts, which are outside of the U.S., we do have unquestionably a heightened focus there. The strategy, again, revolves around a partnership. We want to be partners with these guys, we want to help them grow their overall contact lens business, and we want to help them retain our customers. So, our focus is saying, hey, how can we help you do that? We have some market-leading products that we can do customized solutions for you, again, be it putting your name on there or some sort of labeling, shipping, packaging, and so forth. How can we help you grow your overall contact lens business and retain your customer base? And we want to do that in conjunction with them in the long-term. So, we'd like to enter into longer term contracts and have that partnership be successful. We've had success doing that. Our intent right now is to continue to invest in that, whether that's incremental dollars supporting them or salespeople or so forth. A lot of the investments we have right now were initial investments, setting up some of the teams and so forth, so we'll start to leverage some of that activity. But you're going to continue to see a decent amount of investment dollars going into key accounts as we think that'll be a driver -- a continuing driver of our market share gains.
Albert White: Yes, I mean you're directionally there. I mean you're right on the FX. It was a $0.15 detriment. If you go from, let's say, around 11% to 8.5%, that 2.5% is around $0.33. I think you mentioned $0.35. So, we've got around $0.33. And then there's an interest expense benefit going down to $69 million, which is about $0.07. Now, I mentioned in my script -- in my prepared remarks that we were going to be reinvesting some of the operational positives back into the business, including in myopia management and PARAGARD. So that $0.25 is really tax, FX and interest. 
Albert White: Yes, good question. Yes, the majority of them are offering our products right now. Now they might be offering some of them as store brands or they might be offering some of them as branded products, and the same key accounts, so to speak, could be offering both underneath their portfolio of products. So, I think from that perspective, we have good relationships with most everyone around the world. Where are a lot of the opportunity still exists is that we're more successful with some of these products with the key accounts such as Biofinity. So, we have a lot of success there. We don't have as much success with some of the daily silicone hydrogel products, where a lot of those key accounts still sell a lot of traditional hydrogel daily lenses. That shift is moving to silicone hydrogel daily lenses, and that's obvious be a positive for us. So, as that shift is happening, that's where we're talking to a lot of these guys saying, hey, you know us. You like us. We do a lot of business together in the FRP space. Let's increase the business that we do on a daily silicone hydrogel space because, guys we know what we're doing. And we can bring all the same benefits and value that we bring to you in the FRP space to you on the daily silicone hydrogel space.
Albert White: Yes, it's a good question, Chris. The category is expanding, so we're doing well. That's for sure. And a lot of that is just, as you know, getting out there and talking about the product and reminding people. I mean we've basically relaunched it to remind people, hey, there's a great product out there. There's a non-hormonal option out there that you may not be aware of. And we're growing and arguably growing a little bit faster from a unit perspective, at least, than the overall IUD market is. But I'm happy to say that if you look at the U.S. IUD market itself, it's growing. So, are we taking a little bit of share? Maybe. But at the end of day, the entire market is growing, and that's the good thing.
Albert White: Yes. The second one is a little tough to get kind of that granular of data. I would say we're doing very well in the kind of independent practitioner market, if you will, and we're also doing really well in the key account market, but hard to get too much detail on that. When I look at some of these numbers, though, we have 18% market share in the dailies and 31% market share in FRPs. What's interesting is we have 27% market share in dailies silicones. So, that 18%, in my mind, clearly goes towards the 27%. Now, the 27% is also growing nicely. We were a little late to the game. The 27% is growing nicely and quite a bit faster than market also. So, ultimately, do we get to the 31% that we have in FRPs? Or do we get ahead of that? I mean I personally happen to think we get ahead of that. The 31% is growing also. But I'll tell you what, it's one hell of a long-term growth story if that 18% we have right now goes up to 31% or so. I mean that is pretty significant market share gains and very strong growth for, I don't know, that's probably 10 years' worth of incredibly strong growth to get pretty excited about. So, yes, I mean you could tell, I'm remaining pretty bullish on that.
Albert White: Yes, I'll tell you, in the U.S., that's one where, as I kind of said in the script, right, I've just held off saying. So, right now, we're talking to the FDA, and we'll update on that as we get some more information. I mean no surprise. I agree with you and your commentary on that. But let's see how some of those discussions play out. And as soon as we can, we'll update people on that. But I will echo your comments because I've kind of been surprised also about how much demand there's been around MiSight. I mean we've been holding some of these myopia management conferences, and we'll do more at BCLA. And it's like, it's standing room only. I mean people can't even get into the presentations. Like, we're doing presentations and then having to go do separate presentations. And we're doing our own CooperVision presentations, and they're just jam-packed. So the interest in myopia management is just absolutely fantastic, and we're seeing the adoption rates shoot up. Now, there is that issue. I mean we're probably pulling forward, I don't know, I mean it could be $3 million, $4 million in expenses into this year as we look at the educational side and the promotional side of the market because we need market statistics and so forth also. And we're talking about that not only in the U.S. as we prep, but worldwide. So, we're doing a lot of work on that right now. I mean we have the best product in a marketplace, in my opinion. And that's clear. I mean we have strong four-year clinical data. We're going to be coming out with great five-year clinical data. We're the only ones out there. So we just need to work with the some of these guys and figure out, hey, what's the best way to sell this lens? Because keep in mind, you're talking about starting with kids as young as eight years old. So, it's not only fitting the child, it's also talking to their parents and the education of the parents. I mean we want to educate the optometrists and work with them to ensure they have the latest clinical information. We want to ensure the parents are knowledgeable. You want to do the fitting. While you have -- one of the reasons you see a lot of the big retailers -- so a lot of -- any optometrist excited by the product is because you're talking about something that's a game changer. I mean it's like revolutionary, so to speak. I mean there's an amazing number of people who are myopic and that percentage of people with myopia continues to increase. And if we can get in there and really change that and reduce the progression of myopia, I mean, not only is that just absolutely fantastic. You have to add on top of that, that's a child coming back into the optometrist much more frequently, which they like, obviously. They're seeing the parents; they're seeing the family members and so forth. They're tied in closer. You have a child who's going to be in contact lenses for a much longer period of time, and this isn't just contact lenses. They can also sell glasses to the kids and other people. And so there's a whole kind of industry, if you will, that's just starting to percolate right now around myopia management. So, it's pretty exciting. But I will agree with you, Jeff, and kind of echo that. I've been even surprised over the last three, six months how much interest there is in this product right now and in myopia management in general.
Albert White: Yes, I think one of the problems -- the biggest problem with the U.S. market has been the rebate activity. When rebates really shot up by all of us, you had people buying a year's supply of lenses in order to get those big rebates. And a year's supply of lenses could be 15 months' or 16 months' worth of actual wearing, right, because people don't necessarily wear their lenses every single day. So, you had a lot of lenses kind of move into the market, move on people's shelves and so forth. So, I think that's part of it. The other thing about the U.S. market is you don't get really wear growth. I mean -- and I'm talking about the number of people in contact lenses. So, we are seeing wearer growth around the world. There is -- there are new wearers coming into contact lenses, and that's fantastic. But that's not part of the U.S. market. So, I kind of agree with you. Like, I've been a little disappointed in the U.S. market growth or the Americas, hoping it would have been a little bit stronger. I think personally, CooperVision will do a little bit better in the back half of the year, so I feel good about that. But I think the U.S. market may end up at the end of the day being more of a 4% or 5% kind of grower than what you're going to see Asia-Pac and some regions that are stronger. If you look historically, if you kind of go back a little bit, you talk about recessions and market softness, I mean, the market's been growing north of 5% for a while, but if you go back to like -- I mean 2008 -- I've pulled some stats, as a matter fact, so I happen to have them handy. 2008, the contact lens market grew 6%, and then we move kind of into the recession. In 2009, the market overall grew 3%. And then in 2010, it bounced back up to 6%. So we're pretty recessionary-resistant. A lot of that is because of the trade-up and so forth you see, but it's also tied to the fact that there's global growth. So we're seeing wearers come into the market around the world. Outside of the U.S., you're seeing good growth in torics and multifocals as people are "fit" more correctly. The conversion to dailies and daily silicone hydrogel helps and so forth. So, we're pretty recession-resistant. And I mean even if you look at 2009, again, it's a pretty bad market back then. The contact lens market grew 3%, and we grew 5%.
Albert White: That's a really good question. The answer to that is no, we have not included any pull-forward on that. We talked about that right now and whether we should because we had that happen a few years ago, and we did see a decent buy in. So, I would certainly say if that tax does indeed happen, I think we'd probably get a pull in, and I think it'd probably strengthen our numbers in Q4. History would indicate, right, that, that goes the other way in Q1. So, I think at the end of the day, we'll comment on that at the end of August. But if all holds true, it wouldn't surprise me if we took up our Q4 numbers associated with that, but then also kind of indicate that, hey, Q1 might be a little bit softer because of that.
Albert White: Yes, I mean I'm probably a little thickheaded on that one, but the teams pounded me enough times here the growth's been strong enough. But it's better than what I thought it was going to be. And we're pulling back a little bit, as I said, in some TV advertising as we evaluate the cost benefit of that. But I do think that -- to kind of comfortably look at PARAGARD as a mid-single-digit grower with certainly the potential, as we've seen, to move to the upper single-digits. That's probably a decent way to look at it right now based on where the market's going and our investment activity. So, yes, we'll continue to invest in that, and we'll continue to drive it. I mean we're seeing actual units increase, and the team behind that is just doing a fantastic job.
Albert White: No, no, no, that did take place. That took place. I'll tell you why. You look at the P&L, like, you go through it this quarter, I mean if you're -- you just love it. I love -- I think that CooperVision, I mean -- guys just killed it, man. Like, I mean, you're talking about spending a bunch on sales and marketing, going out there, hiring salespeople, promotional activity, marketing activity, and leveraging your customer service, and your distribution, G&A, and so forth. And surgical had -- clearly had more investments, especially around sales and marketing with PARAGARD. But no, the -- it's just frankly a really, really nice job by the team in terms of controlling expenses. And the expenses that we do have, putting them in the right places, such as sales and marketing, to drive long-term sustainable revenue growth.
Albert White: Yes, I think at the end of the day, this is one of those situations where a lot of the trends are lifting the water level, so to speak, lifting all boats. So, as some of the competitors come with new products, I think that will improve our numbers. I would expect them to post better results. History would indicate that they'll have their own issues about expanding capacity and being capacity constrained, and need to get new lines on and so forth. But I would expect it'll improve our numbers. Again, I would say history indicates and current trends and Fit Data and so forth indicates we'll continue to do fine. And you'll see the market actually tick up a little bit and you'll see our growth rates continue to be strong. So, my current thinking still holds there that a new product or a couple of new products hitting the market should help the overall market growth rate, but not be at the detriment of some of the other players.
Albert White: Yes, I mean -- yes, we talked about that in Q4. I remember that's when it kind of first hit, and we were talking about how it'd run through this year and it has. I mean -- so we had in Q1 -- I think Brian mentioned -- he's shaking his head. Yes, a little bit. We did have it in Q2 with some kind of heightened secondary handling costs and so forth. But I would say we're on pace, if not, probably a little bit ahead of pace on the distribution side in terms of implementing some of the technology we're putting in place. So, we are feeling -- we felt a little bit of that pressure in Q1, a little bit again in Q2. Probably, it will moderate in Q3, moderate a little bit more in Q4. I don't know if we get leverage next year on a lot of that activity or not, but it would at least be neutral to this year and my guess it'd probably be a little positive.
Albert White: Yes, there was a lot of spending there, I mean, associated with the TV ads and also print ads on People Magazine and so forth and social media. A lot of different areas. But when you look at some of the expense that we accelerated into this quarter, especially associated with the TV advertising in a full quarter, that ended up being somewhere around $6 million. So, you will see some -- and that's just that piece. There was a decent amount on top of that of other activity. You'll see some of that kind of in Q3 and Q4. The business is performing well. I mean we're getting some improved, true operational profitability. So, we're going to take some of that and push that back into PARAGARD in Q4 to continue the promotional activity and try to have a good Q4 and be positive going into next year. So, I feel good about that. I mean were able, right now, to be able to take guidance up a decent amount because of some the other activity in taxes. So, it's probably, if nothing else, allowing us to take a few of these operational upside dollars and invest them back in, into; one, I talked about, right, which is MiSight. We definitely want to put dollars there; and then the other one is stay on top of PARAGARD as we move through the year.
Albert White: All right. Great. Well, great. Well, thank you, everyone. Appreciate everyone's interest, obviously. Another good solid quarter for us, and we're anticipating a good back half of the year. So, I don't have anything else to add at this point. Look forward to seeing a lot of you out on the road. I know Brian's out on the road next week, and I'll be out meeting with some people. And then we'll catch up again at the end of August on our fiscal Q3 call. So, thank you. Thank you, operator.
