Al White: Hey, Matt, good question. Always we thought about that. And I have certainly done that in the past. And I'd love to be able to do that. But I'm going to refrain from it just because of what's going on with COVID and the Delta variant and so forth. We're still kind of in that quarter-by-quarter phase to some degree. So once we hit December, we'll give full year guidance and give as much detail as we can at that point. But for now I'll kind of stay away from fiscal 2022.
Al White: Yes. Some good questions in there. The labor market is tight. You're seeing that around. We are pretty actively hiring right now. When I look at the areas of opportunity for us, we're obviously investing in myopia management. We're hiring around the world, myopia management specialists and so forth and putting dollars behind product launches which we have going on in a lot of markets around the world. It's a struggle on a few markets, because the COVID restrictions and so forth, but we're still establishing a presence in a lot of new markets and grow myopia management. I look at areas like fertility as another good example, we're investing around the world. We're doing our best to go out there and recruit top talent who's going to support the business for long-term growth and I feel good about our ability to continue to put up gains. The other area I'd mentioned is single use silicones. We're doing well there. We're gaining share there. We've got products in the marketplace and new products coming. So we're excited to invest kind of in that. When you look at operating leverage, I'd look at the two businesses a little bit differently. And maybe even you'd have to dig down, operating leverage for something like myopia management next year is when we start getting big enough. We should be in that 100 million range or so for our myopia management portfolio, you start getting to a point where you're starting to be able to leverage some of those investments, and then you do a better job of that right in the next couple of years. If you look at something like fertility as an example, I mean, great global business, nice growth, big opportunities, but still somewhat small. So it's hard to leverage that infrastructure, you're going to see the leverage from that come over the years as we continue to get bigger. But suffice it to say, you are summarizing that correctly, we are continuing to invest in the business. We are seeing share gains and opportunities for incremental share gains. So we're continuing to invest.
Al White: Sure. Yes. When you look at China, it's a little different market than a lot of people probably think, when they think of optometry. Here in the U.S. and Europe, you get a lot of markets where there's independent optometrists or its heavily driven by change. You certainly get that in China, when it comes to what we'll call regular contact lenses. When you're talking about a product, like MiSight treatment products, they're largely sold through hospitals. So that's what we're going to see from MiSight, it is sold through some major, major hospital there, whether it's a public owned hospital, government owned hospital, if you will, or a private hospital. So it's a different call point largely than what you would have for your traditional contact lens business. You are correct, SLR has a very strong distribution network there, we received the approval on MiSight a little bit faster than we were anticipating it. So I would just say we're in -- let me put it this way, with active negotiations right now you should hear something shortly on how we'll distribute that product through that marketplace. But just to step back a little bit on that, as I mentioned on the call, right, we received the approval, the approval does require us to manufacture and package those products, everything post approval. So we're very actively doing that right now ramping everything up, we'll get that product into the market probably kind of in the November, December timeframe is when you'll see it really coming in. We're supporting that with kind of pre-launch activity right now. And then, we'll have that in the market much more aggressively, kind of in the January, February timeframe. If we look at the 2022 targets, we talked about those a decent amount in the past. I'm more comfortable with the discussions we've had. We talked about that kind of $50 million number for MiSight next year, we talked about $100 million myopia management number. We will firm that up in December when we give the guidance. The only negative that I've seen on that, frankly, has been currency, a lot of our sales [indiscernible] MiSight or international sales, but outside of that, no, I'd be more optimistic on our 2022 myopia management growth opportunities.
Al White: Yes. I won't, I guess just for competitive reasons, at this point, get into details and what those products are. But there is some exciting stuff that we have. And I thought it was worth mentioning eight individual targeted opportunities that we have in there. You'll be seeing those over the coming years. So the point is that we have an excellent myopia management product portfolio today. We're making advancements in each of the areas within there. We're going to be launching SightGlass. We're doing improvements on some Ortho-K products and launching those. And we have a number of things within the soft contact lens side tied to MiSight of rollout that you're going to be seeing in the coming, yes, those eight products probably in the coming three years, something like that.
Al White: Yes. So we need to let a little bit of that play out. Because that's going to -- if we go with S4, that'll end up being a distributor relationship. And then, we need to see how that the sales actually work their way through. The environment in China, for a product like MiSight is very positive. And I know there's very high levels of myopia. Because so many children go through hospitals, and you're not selling to tons of different optometrists, it's a more focused sale, because of the clinical attributes of a product like that. It can be very successful. And what we've seen in a lot of spots is, is optometrists do like glasses. And they do want to push glasses, especially for kids kind of younger than 10 years old. But you also hear pretty frequently from optometrists that I want to get kids into this treatment and contact lenses as soon as I can, because their belief is it's more efficacious. You want to have the treatment going all day long. Kids can take their glasses off, do a variety of things with their glasses with contact lenses, put them anywhere. So it's going to be interesting, but I could certainly see a market for MiSight, that would be well north of $100 million that's for sure.
Al White: Sure. I kind of say that we're not seeing too much right now. Having said that, if you look at the Delta variant and we all read the same thing. You talk about deferrals of elective procedures, that kind of activity has hurt us a little bit when it comes to some of the CooperSurgical products as an example in the past. I don't know if it'll hurt us this time or not. I think Brian kind of set in there, hopefully conservative and I would certainly agree with that commentary. On CooperVision, it's somewhat similar. We've been seeing things continue to improve whether you're in Europe, whether you're in Asia Pac, you're seeing things continue to improve. The U.S. kind of came back relatively quickly. But we're still seeing fits improve a little bit in the U.S. So we're not seeing a lot of negativeness coming out of the COVID and Delta variant yet, but I certainly think it's prudent to be a little careful when you're guiding the numbers and what's going on in the marketplace today.
Al White: Yes, absolutely. So one of the things that I love about our fertility business is over the years, we've built kind of the full spectrum of products that a fertility clinic needs. So when we walk into a clinic, we're able to say hey, soups and nuts so to speak from the beginning of the process to the end of the process. Cooper Fertility is here for you and we're able to provide products for you. Now, we don't have pharma, so exclude pharma from that. But when you think about everything else, we have that. So when a new clinic is opening, or when a clinic is getting larger, and they're looking at it from a financial perspective of, hey, how can we maximize our own profits? When you're looking at key accounts, we've been very successful on vision. When you're looking at key accounts within the fertility space and the bigger clinics that are out there standardizing things, taking advantage of their volume purchases, and so forth. It puts us in an excellent position to be able to offer everything. So there is a focus on a variety of things that are geographic expansion, because there's new areas out there, we're going into, there are areas around the world where you're seeing additional clinics being built out a focus on key accounts, trying to expand our relationships for those key accounts. And then, being a top service customer service provider, if you will, ensuring that clinics are getting products, I mean, that's one of the things is tough in a lot of industries right now, as demand for products and supply constraints, we've done a fantastic job. The team has really, really killed that in terms of maintaining our manufacturing and distribution network. So there's kind of all kinds of areas, I'd love to be able to narrow that down to one, but the answer is a little bit more complex there. But it's kind of a full scale sale into fertility clinics.
Al White: Yes. I mean, we still have some debt, we're paying down a little bit of debt, our leverage has been in much better shape than it's been in a long time now and cash flow is pretty strong. When it comes to M&A, we'll look for opportunities. And if we find something, we're happy to do it again, I'd still say the stuff that we're going to look for is going to be strategic. And I don't mean made-up strategic stuff. I mean, stuff that if we happen to find a deal, it's like the deals we've done, you're going to be like, I get that. That's fits in. That's a Ortho-K company. That's an OB-GYN, medical device company, that kind of stuff. So we'll continue to look at those opportunities. But we're also going to model those out. And we're careful about that. We're not going to run around and overpay for stuff. We have a long-term business model here and financial metrics that we need to hit in order to do deals. Otherwise, you get to doing what we're doing paying down debt, and we'll look at buying back stock and so forth if the opportunities arise.
Al White: Yes. Well, MiSight already approved basically as a treatment. So we are there, SightGlass is the one that we're going for right now to get FDA approval for SightGlass. And I think that's really powerful. To me, we get the questions on glasses, rightfully so when it comes to myopia control. If we can get approval for SightGlass, then it becomes the only FDA approved myopia control glass option on the market. I mean, that that is pretty exciting to me. So we submitted that right now. Now, to be fair, it took three year clinical data for the FDA approved MiSight. We have two year data on SightGlass. SightGlass is clinical, was specifically developed to meet the FDAs clinical requirements. So the question will end up being them looking at that data, which is good data. Do they need three-year data? Or would they be willing to potentially approve that off two-year data. So it'll be interesting to see how that plays out. But it's really SightGlass that I was referring to when I was talking about new approvals.
Al White: Yes. On a two-year stack. I think, well, it may be a look at it little definitely because everybody seems to calculate that a little differently, if you look at kind of the growth over 2019, constant currency growth over 2019, for the calendar quarter try to do apples-to-apples. We were up 8%. So a pretty good number there to try to get down to what's going into the U.S. in particular, like that's a little harder to get to. There's a lot of channel inventory and stuff moving around. I hear people comment about that. We haven't really seen too much of that. But I know there's some of that activity around there. So I might just pull that up, Jon, just to the highest level and just say, hey, on a total basis for calendar Q2 against calendar Q2 of 2019, we grew 8%. Do you remember Kim, what was the market -- 4%. So twice what the market grew. So I'm not quite sure how to answer the U.S. because I don't have all that data. But we're obviously doing really well against the overall market. If you look at -- step back to your myopia management question, you're right, in those numbers, you look at MiSight going to 20 to 50, you look at kind of what's embedded in there from Ortho-K 45 to 50. That would be at 100 million. So just to be clear, I continue to say kind of north of 100 million. We haven't given any more color to that, or any granularity than that in terms of the numbers. So I'll wait till December, but our Ortho-K franchise is doing well. It's growing nicely. It has good momentum. We have a really strong team, there are some really smart folks that are driving that business forward. So I continue to remain pretty optimistic on Ortho-K. And no one should read anything into that as there's cannibalization or anything else, because we're actually seeing some of the opposite. We're seeing MiSight helping our Ortho-K business. So all good there. Yes, don't read anything into that 100 million right now, make sure you note it as 100 million plus.
Al White: Yes. So I'm just doing calendar Q2 growth against 2019. So I'm not quite sure right on a constant currency basis. So I'm not sure all the numbers you're quoting there. But if you go to calendar Q2 against this year against calendar Q2 of 2019. And look at those numbers on a constant currency basis, that's what I'm talking about. When you get down to some of the individual markets, it can get pretty lumpy and get a little bit more difficult right to dig into those details. Because you do get, how are you going to adjust those numbers? How are you going to adjust for commentary that you hear from some of the competitors about 10 million a channel inventory, or this that or the other thing? So I've just kind of tried to pull it up, Jeff, you're asking about kind of market share? When I look at it, I'd say okay, well, what did you grow against? 2019 Q2 at? We grew eight and I've got the market growing 4.
Al White: Yes. And just to be clear, like, we didn't see anything strange happened, like going into the one month of July. July was a fine month for us.
Al White: Yes. So if we look -- you're right. So we do need a solid Q4. So if I look at it, we did a touch over $3 million. We did a little over $4 million. We did a little over $5 million. When I look at August, which was a great month for us. We've seen that momentum pick up on that. I'm feeling pretty optimistic about a good Q4. A couple of things maybe to remember, if you look at as an example, Q4 of last year, and let's go with the U.S. market, Q4 of last year, you'll remember, we gave a lot of fittings away for free. Remember we were with a lot of optometrists and said, hey the first two fittings are free to get you in and then we stopped doing that. So you're getting a -- you're now getting those kids, a lot of those kids coming back, making purchases, if you will, for "the first time." The dropout rates are really, really low on MiSight. So all of those children who went in, in fiscal Q4 of last year that "didn't pay" or at least we didn't receive money are now paying. So not only you're getting the new fits, but you're getting all of those other kids coming in on top of that, and then we've seen a little bit of a momentum pick up in some of the markets outside of the U.S. So I sit here today and I kind of look at it and I don't want to get ahead of ourselves on that, but Q4 should be a pretty good quarter from MiSight. Yes, and then China is included for fiscal 2022. It will be interesting to see how that plays out in terms of stocking and order patterns and everything else that happens, but that's a market like that and the growth opportunities there and so forth make me more comfortable of our ability to hit $50 million for MiSight.
Al White: Sure. On back-to-school, it's solid. The Delta variant is hurting us a little bit there because you're still seeing some activity where it's hard for optometry offices to staff up enough and you're just seeing a little bit of a struggle there that's kind of making it not quite as strong as it could be, having said that it's still solid. When I look at the fit data that's come out, I do see the shift moving to daily silicone hydrogels picking back up. You kind of saw that our numbers were a little bit better this quarter when it came to daily SiHy. This fit data in particular for clariti and MyDay was stronger. So that was cold sea because that's a really good sign. And all that will bode well as we kind of continue to move forward here. The other thing is when you think about back-to-school here in the U.S. certainly, it does run into our fiscal fourth quarter. So we need to see how some of that's going to play out. Again, hopefully, being a little conservative with the Delta variant, we'll see how that plays out. I will say that optometry offices are pretty booked. You can go to a lot of areas, right. You can go right into Manhattan there and start asking questions, but there is many other spots around the U.S., where you're seeing optometry offices fully booked with appointments out -- going out several months. So patient kind of flow through and so forth is really important right now. If you look at the number of trained optometrists, I don't have the exact number off the top of my head. It continues to grow more probably in the U.S. market. We've talked about that in the past somewhere around 5,000 and well, well north of that around the world. The breakdown gets -- it gets pretty detailed pretty fast in terms of who is fitting and how much they're fitting and what the fit characteristics are of all the different practices out there. And it gets a little bit more convoluted when you dig into some of the buying groups and some of the big retailers, where we're doing a lot of activity right now and they're starting to expand all their pilot programs and roll out to more stores and so forth. So that's a hard one for me to answer. I kind of just fall back to the revenues at this point and say, hey, the proof is in the pudding, right, like if we're going to move to an $8 million quarter then we have a lot of people doing a lot of fitting.
Al White: Sure. Yes, Chris, let me just tackle that one first on PARAGARD. We did do the price increase, so we allow a buy-in before the price increase. So we saw that and we probably pulled in around $4 million into Q3. So you can expect the Q4 PARAGARD number to be down some because of that. If I step back and look at PARAGARD where we're at today and where we're going moving forward, I kind of still in that pretty same place that I was pre-COVID, maybe a little bit more optimistic. But I've kind of said, hey, we're going to get somewhere around 4% to 6% growth in that product have come in from price, have come in from unit growth. I would continue to say that, right, when I look in the outer years, I would say that's what we're going to see. I mean, it will move around a little bit, but at the end of the day, if we can get that growth, say put it at 5% in the middle of that, if we can get that growth on that high margin of a product, I'd be pretty happy with that. So that's kind of where we're sitting right now with that product. So to me, all go with respect to PARAGARD. On investments within CooperVision, we are hiring some salespeople in different spots around the world. I think you mentioned Japan, we're doing it in Japan, we got some exciting product launches and things going there. One of the things that you've seen, you saw this quarter is a matter of fact right as Europe started to come back in strength and you saw positive results from us because of that. I believe you will see the same in a place like Japan. It's been pretty muted, but we're strong there, we're hiring there, we're investing there, we've launched products there. If that market -- if Japan can start coming back like we've seen in the U.S. like Europe is doing more so right now, that's going to be the next positive for us. I think that's kind of -- as that happens that's the next kick for us because that's one of those markets we're strong in. I know a lot of people like to focus on the U.S. market, me in this business we focus on everything around the world. So we have a lot of strong different markets. When you look at investment activity, a lot of that broad-based investment activity frankly is tied to myopia management more than it is everything else. I mean, we're hiring salespeople and expanding for our core business, but we expect to get a return on those investments relatively quickly.
Al White: Yes, we stopped providing operating margins on the business units because of allocation of corporate and everything else, but they are high, that business has strong operating margins and very strong cash flow. If nothing else, you have PARAGARD in there pulling everything up, but the fertility business is also a strong margin business. So pretty happy with where that business is. And to me, yes, it fits within Cooper wonderfully. There is a lot of medical device businesses that are large that have different products underneath them and different kind of business units and so forth, if you will. I think it's just a great fit for us to work to get, I mean Vision runs its business. Surgical runs their business. And from a corporate perspective, when we look at capital allocation and so forth, we try to ensure that we're maximizing returns to our shareholders. At the end of the day, we're kind of stewards of investor capital, if you will, and that's how we look at it in terms of investing in those businesses. Right now we're in a great position to be able to invest aggressively in both businesses and pay down debt. So we'll continue to do that, yes, but I think everything fits together wonderfully under Cooper right now.
Al White: Yes. I'm still pretty bullish on where operating margins are going to go. The reason that we haven't talked about that recently is because of myopia management. That's thrown, if you will, kind of a wrinkle into things and that there is such a great long-term opportunity there for growth. I mean, we're investing pretty heavily right now. So that's obviously fairly dilutive to our operating margins. But I do believe that as we move forward in the coming years and the myopia management business continues to grow, you're going to see the op margins on that part of our business really ramp themselves up. So at some point, probably, I don't know maybe the end of next year or some point, Kim asked me about that operating margin and putting it back in the presentations and stuff, we'll probably get there. It's just a matter of getting more comfortable where the myopia management is because right now it's really growth, growth, growth.
Al White: Yes, that's a really interesting one, because we have heard the same thing and it's actually come up interestingly now with kids because it was a big deal with adults for a long time for obvious reasons. Now you have kids like here everyone in California has to wear mask, all the kids do. So you have obviously kids with glasses. I had -- I coached my daughter's soccer team last night and two girls on the team were like, hey, I didn't know you did contact lenses, can we get lenses, because we hate wearing our glasses in school. So I can't quantify that. I don't know how big that is, but it's definitely that's something that's not only happening here in the U.S., but it's happening around the world where masks are becoming more the norm and frustrations around wearing glasses with masks definitely exists. I don't know what it is, but it's certainly positive for us.
Al White: Yes. I would kind of go with the same answer probably we've given for a while. Default position being paying down debt, looking at M&A opportunities if they're available and we can find them and they fit strategically, it makes sense, and then share buybacks if the opportunity presents itself and those make sense, we would certainly do that.
Al White: No, that's really it. Brian had mentioned some of the numbers there with respect to FX taken $10 million away from Vision in Q4 and $2 million away from Surgical on revenues and a $0.14 EPS impact. To me looking at our business and where we are today and the opportunities for share gains and growth and so forth, it didn't really cross my mind to be honest with you to say, oh, I want to cut back on all the investments and all the good stuff we have to hurdle that $0.14 FX, just didn't. Now we've been putting up good numbers for a number of quarters here and I envision we'll continue to put up good numbers. So there is nothing else to read into that other than FX was a negative for us and we're going to continue to invest to look to take advantage of opportunities, right. I want to put up pretty good sales growth for fiscal 2022.
Al White: Yes, new fits still down in the U.S. They come back quite a bit, but they're still down compared to pre-COVID levels. And I think it would be very heavy on a regional basis. Europe getting better, Asia-Pac still having fits quite a bit lower, excluding China probably still haven't fits quite a bit lower. You still have a lot of restrictions in place in a lot of the markets in Asia-Pac that are causing challenges. So, yes, pretty heavily dependent on the region you're in, the U.S. probably arguably being the best.
Al White: It's always hard to look at for units because of -- because of the difference between like dailies versus monthly lenses and so forth. But I think the core of your question really goes back to price and that's a really good question. And we've seen pricing trending higher. We had earlier this year some reduction in rebates. You've seen ourselves and competitors take list price up a little bit. As we moved into the back-to-school season here where traditionally you probably see a little bit more aggressiveness in terms of some push on back-to-school pricing, you haven't really seen that. So, I would say, if you're looking at where pricing is today, it's a positive, probably kind of a modest positive, but a positive right now. We'll see where it goes right with inflation with everything else going on and future price increases and so forth, but I would say it's at least a positive right now.
Al White: Yes, the -- we're not going to get into that number. We were giving that for a little while, but now we just embedded into our guidance. The U.S. was certainly over $1 million in this quarter of the $5 million.
Al White: Great. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. So I've kind of mentioned this as we went through the call, business is looking pretty good and we're pretty excited about where we are and what the future holds for us. A lot more stuff going on. Hopefully, we'll have some good news as we move through this quarter and look forward to giving you that update and present '22 guidance on our December call. So, thank you everyone for your time and we'll talk soon. Thanks.
