Bob Weiss: Joanne, I think the way I see it is, historic company that's given up market share in the last couple of years and it has been primarily Bausch & Lomb. There have been periods of time when Johnson & Johnson or Vistakon has given up some share. And then there have been periods where they've gained it back likewise with Ciba Vision, which is going through some integration activities right now. And that's a big share gains are at the expense of Bausch & Lomb. Do we think it's sustainable? I think, given the products that we have just rolled out around the world a lot which were really early in the cycle. And particularly, when I talk about the entry into the $150 million Multifocal market for silicone hydrogel as well as in the $400 million Japanese market, I think we have enough fresh products in the marketplace to continue to gain share going forward.
Bob Weiss: As far as entering Japan, now that we're no longer capacity constraint. You may remember, I said we came into this year capable of supporting $200 million product line for Biofinity, entire family. And we would exit this year capable of supporting $400 million. We've now already arrived half that level where we can support a $400 million run rate. So in that sense it really gets down to the mechanics of getting all out the door in the local countries that we're talking about. So there is obliviously a lot of logistics there. But when it comes to in Japan we are two-tiering that. We have both the CBJ, which is our legal entity that we have in place of CooperVision Japan that has been marketing. And there is a large business in Japan and has number two market share in the one-day space, which we've basically been fairly aggressive on in the last three, four, five years. The other thing you may recall, we've bought Aime at the beginning of the year. They had strengthened channels out to the eye care professional whereas our strength in CooperVision Japan was larger chains and a little different than the U.S. model, or exactly the opposite of the U.S. model in some respect. But we now have the capability to go in both directions, the eye care professional as well as the chains, and that's a direction we're taking both organizations, which are at this juncture not fully integrated, and the sales activity are promoting the product. And as I indicated it's so far so good as we go. As far as our strategy for 2012, it's really going to be to continue that execution in rolling out those products. We were also doing a very effective job with Proclear 1 Day, particularly in the Japanese market. So there is a lot of activity going on there now. But I would say, since we are so early in rolling out those products, 2012 will continue that path. One of this year's strategy was to continue to ramp-up the sales force, feet on the street. We have the product portfolio in play now between Biofinity, Avaira and Proclear, and we knew we were hugely headcounted out in the marketplace. And so we're not saying we need to have a sales force as big as some of our competitors. We are staying very under index in a lot of parts of this country as well as the rest of world. And that's where a lot of our attention has gone. You see by virtue of the fact of the large increase in operating cost and particularly I mentioned the large increase in the sales force activity, which is up 34% during the quarter, and our headcount in the areas of sales force is up 33% since the beginning of last year, we expected to get a lot more mileage out of the feet on the street throughout the planet. So I think that would describe a lot of what we were going to be doing next year. I've also mentioned historically, geographic expansion that we've been aggressive in Eastern Europe and some of our expansion plans in the Czech Republic, Slovakia as well as Poland that will continue. And we now have a small beachhead in Mexico, where we did not have any direct presence. And of course, as I've mentioned in the past, we're spending this year analyzing China with the intent to figure out the best way forward in China. And just to comment briefly on that. The expectation in China, while we haven't finalized the thought process, I would expect it not to be totally different than what we did in Japan. And in Japan you may recall, we had what was known as spoke strategy, where we did several different things and went down multiple paths at once. I would say, China is probably not a one size, fits all. And so we will probably do multiple things, not singular things.
Bob Weiss: Well, we're excited about what we've put together in CooperSurgical. And as you can see by the comments I made, we just had another acquisition that we will continue to sell-in and round out that franchise, both adds to new products in the U.S. But I think importantly we're at a juncture now, where we're going to be testing the rest of the world a little bit more aggressively. We've started this year in several European markets, very limited, but just testing the water in parallel with our local distributors that we use in those countries. We will continue to do that. We will continue to look at aggressively at acquisitions. In the past we've made more than 30 acquisitions. They will be both small, medium, and you never know if they can be even large. There are things in all levels and we frequently have talked about three sizes of acquisitions that we keep in our radar. As far as other things, they obviously have done a very nice job with their existing portfolio, hitting basically solid growth this quarter double-digit growth. There are a number of products they have that they're doing very well with, turning them into small products moving into the mid-sized products. Of course, at this juncture we don't have any one big product that we spend a lot of time talking about. But once again I'll say that franchise is very leveragable and we will continue to leverage it.
Bob Weiss: I'll take your last question first. On Biofinity multifocal as well as in Japan, suffice it to say pipeline was at minimal impact on this quarter. We've launched really for all practical purposes at the end of June in Japan. And we're very early in that cycle. And the Multifocal is kind of a like toric in the sense of you got to get the fitting sets out there and ramp-up accordingly following the fitting sets. So we're once again very early in a rollout strategy there. I would say the impact on the third quarter is really very minimal. We'll start seeing that impact fourth quarter going forward. As far as leverage, R&D and the sales force expansion, I would expect that next year we will leverage overall SG&A in total. We will continue to invest and grow R&D faster than topline as we are doing this year. And on the sales force, there was a fair amount of ramping in the third quarter. So look for that start to show up year-over-year, basically in the third quarter next year. But we've put in the infrastructure, you'll see a high growth in both the first and second growth on a year-over-year basis, just annualizing if you will what we've recently done. Our expectation is you will start seeing better ratio from operating perspective probably in the back half of next year. And when it comes to the bottomline operating income and net income, we still expect to improve our operating margin year-over-year. I said approaching 1%, probably be a little some 1% next year.
Bob Weiss: I'll chip on it and then I'll let Gene add anything he would like. Drivers on the sequential performance of gross margin, think of two primary areas. There is a lot of detail and if you put it altogether it's kind of scrambled egg. But what jumps out quite a bit is we grew our Proclear 1 Day business 43%. And that's the good news that Proclear 1 Day is doing fabulously well in the marketplace. The bad news is some of that was trading our existing 1 Day business, some of which had a higher margin for a lower gross margin. Proclear 1 Day is going through what I would say a ramp-up learning curve. So very much like some of other family's, Biofinity, when we ramped that up, Avaira as we ramped that up, you start off at lower gross margins expecting to reduce cost, and that shows up on a lag basis. We're in that modality, if you will, with Proclear 1 Day wear. We know cost have come down and those cost coming down had yet to get to the P&L, they get there on a six-month lag basis. And we're happy with some of the reductions. But the overall mix heavily on 1 Day is weights our gross margin trends somewhat. The other thing is 50% of our costs are in pound. And as you know, pound is up from the dollar. So there is some of lag factor of the pound coming into the P&L, weighting it a bit. Aside from that I think there is just a whole host of little things, a bunch of little thing. I'm not sure any one of them is worth a lot of airtime. Gene, I don't know if you want add anything to that.
Bob Weiss: Okay, I said sub 1, meaning the first half of next year we will get a minimal leverage back half of next year. I think we're still in that range, where this year we're I think 18% to 19% and expect next year will uptick I'd say between 0.5 point and max 1 point.
Bob Weiss: Yes, Larry, I would expect that. If we use the 100 basis points for a moment. This year we're going to have half of that show up, so you're getting the second half next year on the gross margin side. On the operating margin side it's going to pick up more in the back half, because we still are in an investment mode. Our operating cost this quarter were 43% of revenue overall. And therefore, those people we have hired, we're seeing stronger sales uptick. Obviously, growing 20% albeit half of that is currently 11% in constant currency is solid growth. So if we're getting bang for the buck, we will continue to invest. We will invest likewise in geographic expansion and expect some of that built into next year. I would not call next year try to see how much we can make on the operating income line or bottomline approach we will. We continue to see opportunities out there, given the product portfolio we have. We're going to push those products and see how good they are, specifically now that we have added capacity in several of the areas I mentioned, the Biofinity family as well the Avaira Sphere as well as the Proclear 1 Day. We have the capacity, why not push the limit. So we are not hung up to see how much we can improve the ratio of operating income as a percentage of sales. But to answer your question, about half and half, half cost of goods, half operating cost is how you fill out the mosaic of the 1% improvement.
Bob Weiss: The first question on where is the R&D going, the focus is not outside of women's healthcare or soft contact lenses. So we're keeping it core and strategic. There is things that are being done with comfort agents that one could say is there a pharmaceutical piece of that that the industry always focuses on and things to improve comfort. I would call that strategic soft contact lens as opposed to we're going to turn on soft contact lens into a drug delivery device for glaucoma or some new area. We are not putting our money there at this juncture. As far as productivity of the reps, typically if you're getting someone new to the trade, new into the industry where they are getting new accounts and they are getting a new product line, that's a six-month process. If you hire someone out of industry and you find them in the same region, they're productive day one pretty much. So the range goes from day one to six with probably closer to the midpoint is the right answer.
Bob Weiss: Excluding Aime, organic growth was around 16% as reported and 8% in constant currency for CVI, Steve.
Bob Weiss: The J&J recall in Japan obviously created an opportunity, and I would say that's one of the reasons Proclear 1 Day worldwide is up 43%. The impact of silicone hydrogels in the 1 Day space, I would say the jury is still out. When I look at what's known as health products research data, quite frankly the new fit actually declined sequentially. So it isn't like it's suddenly up, up in the way at this juncture. There is a lot of muscle being put behind the one-day modality in U.S and worldwide. That modality continues actually to grow worldwide, and a lot of that is sponsored by the movement in the U.S. As I mentioned, we're now up to about 18% in the America for one-day modality. That's broad-based. It's moistened everything in that part as opposed to being driven by the silicone hydrogel share market. The problem is silicone hydrogel share market has, at least short term and probably for the indefinite future, is the cost structure to the consumer. The consumers, unless they have a big budget and don't really have a budget, is cost conscious and this gets priced off the chart. So I think that's going to be the largest part of limitation for the foreseeable future.
Bob Weiss: As far as topline growth, we of course haven't given guidance to that level of detail. But I would say we continue to expect the market to grow in that 4% to 6% range, maybe start moving up a little if we ever move out of a soft economy around the world. But for now, I think that 4% to 6% is good guidance. We would continue to expect to gain share, particularly with our portfolio. You're right on that that we have a lot of products that are all about trading up, in some cases our own customer and in some cases given the quality of those products gaining share. We think we will continue to gain wearer's share out there. So you put the two together and a solid growth in 1 Day, a solid growth in silicone hydrogels. I think our ultimate portfolio in terms of mix between silicone hydrogel and non-silicone hydrogel will be weighted more towards hydrogels than the overall market. And I'd say that, because we are actively promoting Proclear material, and that of course is a material that represents I think 27% to 28% of our total sales. So as long as, unlike our competitors which don't really have a Proclear that they are putting a lot of emphasize behind, we're less picky about where the doctor ends up. Having said that, Biofinity and Avaira both cover the monthly space in the case of Biofinity and do it very effectively and Avaira in the two-week space. We like 1 Day, because 1 Day obviously is the biggest trade-up you can get at three to five times revenue. We expect to grow faster than the market. We think the market will do reasonably well. And if we accomplish that and it's leverageable, we would expect double-digit earnings per share growth.
Bob Weiss: We don't have an absolute target of debt-to-cap in mind. I start getting embarrassed sub-20. We're now sub-20 debt-to-cap. We are not limiting the scope of what we're looking for to women's healthcare. So geographic expansion has always been on our minds in soft contact lenses. Geographic expansion is on our mind in women's healthcare. But we're not necessarily limiting ourselves just to women's healthcare. So it's way too early. It's $445 million of debt for me to worry about running out of ideas. We'll continue to pay down debt in the interim, but don't look for us to go quiet on the acquisition front on a sustained basis anyway.
Bob Weiss: I think we've guided that the back half will be in the 61% to 62% range. I don't see any reason to come off of that. Hopefully we'll be closer to 62% and 61%, but that's where I think the range will come out next year. That should be moving up about 50 basis points is the target. So probably 61.5% to 62.5% would probably be the right range to think of next year. But we'll see how Japan plays that really.
Bob Weiss: First on the impact of the recall going forward, it's much more about replenishing inventory and trial sets than it is about what it's done in the market. So from a revenue perspective, not a big deal. It is costing us the cash of replacing that inventory and it's certainly not full $14 million, but a portion of that that represents cash out the door. And that's built into our guidance. So I would say the impact is going forward. It's built into our guidance and it's not a material event. Relative to CooperSurgical and are they gaining share in the office space, they continue to gain shares there in a market that's pretty flat. So that growth in that market is representative of primarily continuing to gain share. The hospital market, the fertility market on the other hand, it's a different story where we're doing very handily, very nicely with those. And the space in the case of fertility, it's a great space to be going.
Bob Weiss: Our acquisition strategy really has not changed and will not change, other than I mentioned that we will do small, mid, large. But relative to we would take solutions. And in some cases, in the first 12 months, most of the tuck-ins are accretive by the end of 12 months. Relative to the daily disposable silicone hydrogel market, we are sitting on the fence, so to speak, watching the market and we are prepared to go within 12 to 24 months I think is what I said on the last call. And obviously we are taking activity that moves that forward three months. So arguably nine months to a year and three quarters. I'm not overly impressed with that market at this point in time, but it's probably one where we should participate ultimately anyway. So you'll probably find it's in it for the next couple of years.
Bob Weiss: I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call and hopefully you're as excited about the results as we are. And with that, we look forward to getting you another update in the fourth quarter in December. Thank you.
