Robert S. Weiss: Jeff, I think it's going to be -- I don't want to say smooth, but 2015 should be an okay year relative to 2014 and then when you move into 2016 likewise you have some favorable events. So as I see it, it's maybe not a straight line going up from 20% to 25%. But it shouldn't be a hockey stick, meaning we hang out at 21.5% to 22% until the last 2 years, that's not the way I see it. I see it improving somewhat every year.
Robert S. Weiss: Jon, we're obviously very pleased with the progress we're making in Europe, and following good military guidelines, you don't overextend yourself and then tick off everyone. So Europe is obviously in the queue first up. And suffice it to say, that means depending on how Europe is going will influence the timing in the U.S. Having said that, on the other front, on the supply end, we're doing everything we can do to accelerate within reason the production side, and obviously, because of the long lead times somewhat problematic to just kind of wish it all here to mark and it's just not going to happen. But Europe is doing very well. The gold award at the SILMO Conference, best product there, we gave it a better shot on the arm. One of the things we did do is deliberately round out the product portfolio, which means build out the plus powers, as well as the minus powers. And that obviously was done with the intent of giving the customer a better product line to pick from and it did cost us short-term in terms of yields, it cost us short-term in terms of cost of goods. We just think there is the right kind of decisions to make. But to answer your question about the timing into the U.S., we'll probably get here sometime next year. But at #1, it won’t be robust. #2, it is somewhat influenced by Europe.
Robert S. Weiss: Steve, I guess I would describe it this way. There are some easy fixes and easy improvements, getting the first -- getting to the right zone, so to speak. So we have a pretty good map of where we are going the next 3 or 4 years by way of improvements in the equipment. We're manufacturing improvements in the yields on the existing lines. When you then get down to the point where maybe you're approaching 40% margins, moving the next 10 gets a bit more challenging, and you have to find those ideas sooner rather than later if you're going to alter some of the equipment or modify the equipment. So it's very much like the description of 20% OI, going into 25, it's going to happen in steps along the way. But directionally, it will -- we'll get a good way down the path.
Robert S. Weiss: Kim, many products that we roll out like this, be it Proclear 1 Day, be it Biofinity, quite frankly for several years, didn't make operating profit. And for sure today, it makes operating profit. We're going to look at how much muscle at any point in time we have by way of capacity and how many markets we have available to dictate that. So my expectation is that it is unlikely we will be making profits on MyDay the next several years with the intent of continuing to develop that franchise, continuing to drive down cost of goods, but we'll be putting a fair amount of muscle as the capacity increases behind the product once we come to the U.S. and then once we go into other markets around the world. So it isn't -- if we wanted to make money, clearly, we could kind of map out the European model, invest 1 year and start reaping profits as early as 2 years from now, but I don't think that's the right model and I truly hope that the product has more legs so that we have investment opportunities even post the 2-year period. So I don't want to assign any $1 amount and say, chief, if we get to $100 million, we arrive at profitability. Cost will be coming down, no doubt, as you ramp up and it's $100 million product line instead of a $25 million product line, but there are other valuables that we'll consider in drawing that line.
Robert S. Weiss: Kaila, good question. The confidence we really have is, a year ago, some of you may remember we had a reduction in channel inventory, and that reduction was around 20% in the authorized distributors here in the United States. I'm talking principally about the U.S. now. And so we assume that, that probably would be where it would settle out. Then during the course of this year, the merger came along, off the 2 largest distributors, or certainly our 2 largest distributors in the United States. And we kind of knew maybe something would happen that would, they had different model and we weren't sure which model would preempt which and in what time frame and what the implication would be. So it turns out we found out at the end of the fourth quarter that those levels were going to come down to a pretty tight level. It's our best view that that's where it's going to settle out. That means that in 2013, we really lost arguably 1 to 2 weeks of sales to distributors in the year, and therefore, we quite frankly have slightly easier comp in 2014 than we do in 2013 as a result of that phenomena. But we think based on what we saw in November and month to date in December that we have a handle on the fact that they got it down to the level they want and its business as usual going forward.
Robert S. Weiss: As far as how much is reoccurring and how much is not reoccurring, clearly, things like the authorized distributor shrinkage in 2013 should not repeat and should be viewed as nonrecurring. So that's kind of a step up of be it -- in a $0.10-plus or minus. So that gets you, if you will, from $5.95 to $6.05. When it comes to those things surrounding MyDay, that is not black and white. Some of it was onetime, within that pot, such as taking a machine down and retooling it for the MyDay operation. Some of that will, if you will, once you get into production away. Having said that, some of that activity continues into 2014. So there will be some repeating of some of the events in the fourth quarter into 2014, which is built into our full year guidance. So I think the comp is not at either extreme, not at $5.95 compared to, let's say, the midpoint of $6.85, just to pick a number within that range, nor is it at the -- I add $0.30 to the $5.95 and then do the comps. It's some place in the middle of 30 and then 0. On the second question of gross margins, where did they go from here? There are a number of moving parts, there's no doubt the royalty, there's no doubt things like depreciation, there's no doubt MyDay. There is no doubt the remnants of foreign exchange, which have played havoc on us in the last 2 years. How you look forward, the 65 going down the road to 2018, some of that will be the more successful we are with MyDay, the more pressure we obviously put on that gross margin going forward. And I think I've indicated several times, I really don't care if it turns out to be 1 Day is 50% of our portfolio, our gross margin undoubtedly will be lower than 65%. And I kind of hope that happens because it obviously is good for our operating income line and not only the top line growth but the operating income growth. So I would assume that the 65 going forward has some potential pressure on it if we're extremely successful with MyDay. Beyond that, if it's kind of middle-of-the-road, we have a fair amount of good things going that may minimize some of the mix issues by MyDay. Whether or not that leads to 65 or some modestly lower, I don't know quite frankly.
Robert S. Weiss: First of all, on the channel inventory, which comes from CVI U.S., and I think we indicated that a fair amount what that distributor gets, which is the U.S. profile, if you will, of products, excluding the limited volume SKU for torics, for example, which we shipped direct and they don't go through the distributors. So our large distributor takes the entire breadth of the U.S. product line of CooperVision x the stock keeping units that don't make sense to carry at that level. As far as the impact, the impact was on the fourth quarter. We are expecting that, that level, that new level of inventory on hand will stay quarter-by-quarter hereafter, which is to say, no new collapse, no new comeback. It's not going to step up, it's not going to step down, it's going to stay steady-state, that's our underlying assumption. There is some modest tweaking that goes on within the quarterly cycles for cyclical reasons, but it is fairly modest, it's nothing like what we're talking about at year end. As far as the operating margins of CooperSurgical, will they rebound to where they were pre-Origio? Origio, number one, is a very global acquisition. And as you go global, building out that structure, it's going to operate a little less efficiently by nature than having a U.S.-centric business where make it in the U.S., ship it in the U.S., that's all there is. So that's one downward pressure. Second thing is, we continue to invest in Origio as it builds itself out globally, and grew 24% this last quarter. And as long as it's putting up good growth numbers, we will continue to invest and not try to reap the profits on that. The one thing we do have in mind, however, is ultimately fine-tuning its production process, I guess, in a sense of product mix and profitability on the gross margin line. And I would hope that as we look forward over the next several years, we improve somewhat on its gross margin.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, thank you, everyone, for participating in today's call. We are obviously very excited as we look down the road to 2014. I think you can tell that from our guidance, we're feeling pretty bullish about what is going through the pipeline. We're very bullish about MyDay, and look forward to talking to you a lot more on our first quarter conference call about our progress in some of these areas as we go forward. With that, I think our next conference call is on March 6, if I have it right, of 2014, which is a Thursday. And we look forward to updating you at that point in time. Thank you.
