Al White: Yes. So, couple of comments on that. If we look at, first of all, if we look at this coming fiscal year, fiscal ’18 that we’re in right now most of the tax reform again won’t impact. So, if we look at fiscal 2019 and beyond that’s what you start look at and say okay, what is the impact of the full tax provision changes and that’s where we’re talking about somewhere in the mid-teens. So, let’s say ’15 just so we are working up a number.  If we take a look at where we have been in the past and you had PARAGARD, which has fairly significant U.S. income associated with it, obviously higher U.S. taxes associated with that, that loses up towards the 11% this year. And then the other tax changes move us up to the 15% keeping in mind that under that scenario PARAGARD is actually a positive. Because the positive tax rate is a positive for PARAGARD and our CooperSurgical business. So that’s kind of the flow, I mean as you can imagine as you know there is a lot that goes into that. But at this point in time based on the measures that are out there, that’s where we see taxes coming up. 
Al White: Yes. So that’s part of our specialty lens business that we’re building up and it’s turning out to be very nice. If you combined those two businesses or around 30 million in revenues and if you roll those with my sight, it’s a very nice specialty lens business that is at least upper single-digit if not double-digit growing business. So, we’re pretty excited about that, it’s relatively small part of the business right now. But growing nicely, it can be very important in the coming years with myopia management becoming more important. 
Al White: And on currency, when we reported earnings in September. We expected in currency in fiscal ‘18 to be around $0.60 positive Larry. As we got closer to this quarter, we’ve actually holding in there as you indicated when we just run the rates though, the positive impact from currency in fiscal ’18, we have a $0.38. So, it came back a decent amount. Now that includes a €1.17, ¥1.13, £1.34. So, although from September to today, we lost a good $0.20, a little bit more than $0.20, we still given guidance obviously for a low-double-digit even excluding PARAGARD.
Al White: Nothing at this point, no. We’ll update you guys as soon as, as we have something that's firm to update you with.
Al White: And then currency quickly Q4 was basically net expectations, if you will, when we gave our guidance. The top-line impact was around $6 million and the positive EPS impact was around $0.18.
Al White: Yes, that would be in kind of the magnitude that we were expecting and to be clear to follow up on what Bob said we will continue those investments and we talked about that a little bit in the script through fiscal ‘18. So, when we look at the guidance that we give in respect to infrastructure investment, sales force expansion, we are doing what we said that we would do for several quarters and we will be doing that incremental investing if you will in the business through fiscal ‘18.
Al White: Sure. If you look at the 2% to 4% guidance, what's kind a going on there is split of the two. We finished the year at 4% pro forma growth with a strong 7 to finish. And the guidance on that part of the business if you will is roughly 3% to 5% so more of the same. And then with respect to PARAGARD it's one that's bringing down the consolidated pro forma growth because that we're looking at kind a somewhere around at 1% pro forma growth because of the impact at Q1 that we mentioned. 
Al White: I think we are working with all that in advance. You are correct that we -- my 28% operating target for 2021, we arrived three years early because our target is for next year. So, stay tuned as we dust off our thinking what our new operating target should be. So, if were to tell you on the phone I [indiscernible] five people around me.
Al White: Sure, we've experienced that more recently within genetic testing within the IVS space. And there are some competitors in that space, who are getting very aggressive with price interestingly companies who are losing significant amounts of money. And I guess as long as people are willing to give them money and their strategy is just to do as many tests as can be, we could continue to experience some pressure there. But we'll stay by our strategy of running a good profitable business and putting money in R&D and developing improved test and so forth. So, we'll see how that plays out, I think that we could face that a little bit more as we move through fiscal '18.
Al White: Sure, I'll give a little color on that. Because the guidance that we're giving here for fiscal '18 is clearly quite a bit stronger than what we indicated it would be back on our September call, meaning we're hurdling a good $0.20, $0.25 of FX, we're also hurdling the medical device tax that we talked about which is about $3 million. So, the numbers look pretty good.  Now having said we are investing within sales and marketing distribution from other areas in the business we're going to continue to do that even though currency and so forth has moved against us. We have not got back on those investments. So, we're able to put up this guidance because of fundamental strength in the business itself be it operating margins and leveraging OpEx in some parts of the business, leveraging our improvements within cost of goods, things look pretty good kind of throughout the P&L.  So, I will get you two specific and how much we’re going to spend each quarter. I guess, I probably just say that we’re investing in the business, we’re excited about it. We’re excited about growth. We’re excited about taking market share. There is a number of areas within CooperVision, they’re going really well that we want to continued invest in PARAGARD looks like there is a lot of upside in that. So, we’re pretty excited about that, we’re going to hire people there and invest in sales and marketing in that part of the business. So, it’s fair to say feeling pretty good and not stopping investing in the business to continue to drive top-line growth. 
Bob Weiss: Yes. Larry, on the first one on the Americas looking soft. Yes, the answer to the question is the MyDay Toric coming out in the early part of 2018 is certainly going to be a plus for us. When we talk about comps, of course, the overall market was pretty strong due to easy comps including the Americas. So, 7% compared to the prior year, which was down 3% for us. Our prior year was a plus 3%. So, we went from 3% to 4% up a slight uptake. So, comp is a big part of it and then of course, we had during the period, we both had some implications of the hurricane and weather. And as I mentioned, we think overall that’s about 2 million although a good chunk of that 2 million probably rolled more into the October timeframe.
Bob Weiss: So obviously, we’ve looked at November, when we dealt our overall guidance that Al referenced it. So, we’re feeling good about of where we are, where we’re going. We also felt good about on eye even though, the market from the point of view of what we sold into the market was a little lighter. Then was the, on eye activity we felt based on what we saw on eye activity we were still gaining market share. So, whether or not you compare it to the 7% that the overall market give, which of course is kind of above the normal or the average growth of the market over a multi-year period.  So, if we look at the market as growing 4 to 6 midpoints 5, the Americas should grow 4 to 6 probably midpoint 5 on average, the 7 is a little on the high side. We continue to gain market share, we have been growing north of 1.5 times the market. I still think the best way to look at the market is on a trailing 12-month basis or the market overall for the Americas was 4%, we were 6%. So, on average, we are kind of moving down the path, we planned on and of course, we’re excited about the MyDay Toric coming in the market. 
Bob Weiss: Probably the only thing I would add to that there is a going forward rate impact it may end up onetime events. But going forward, of course that gets built into the way the mid-teens plays out. So, to the extent your rates offshore go up, they don't duplicate U.S. rate increase. 
Bob Weiss: So, we've done good job of expanding our sales force so we'll continue to build on that. And we are seeing good results out of that. I think overall, the 8% growth is still being north of 1.5 times the market is indicative of that. And of course, we continue to do that expansion not only in the U.S. but worldwide, and of course that will now ripple into more aggressive expansion on the women's healthcare side.  The 8% single use market growth across in the quarter once again one quarter does not a make a trend make. We had tougher comps up and down the line. So that's factor and then of course will be rolling out the MyDay Toric into really the biggest Toric market in the world. And in the sweet spot of that market, which is at OneDay which is driving the whole market.  When you think about the whole market being up for the quarter, 15% and other being up 3% or more importantly for the year, the market gained up 12% in single using as and everything else is flat. We are the driver of the market growth in the all other bucket, and we continue to gain share in the single use buckets. So, a good profile and of course the catalyst to that is clarity in MyDay the silicon hydrogel OneDay products we have. 
Bob Weiss: I'll jump on the latter question first and I will come back on the other. As far as looking at the competitors looking at the overall market. if the overall market does move up to the 7 plus arena, I'm not going to totally complain about that as long as we are growing. Basically, we’ve guided our midpoint 7% and we expect to continue to gain market share. There is, as I pointed out some easy comps the fact that, our competitors grew over the prior year when the prior year for example was only 1%, this year was 7%. We frequently follow the -- with many of the analysts used two years backing. So, if I look at two years backing 7 this year, 1 last year midpoint 8 overall the market has been growing 5 on a trailing 12 months that’s more indicative. So, there is a little bit of anomalous in the 7, but if the 7 stays because momentum going forward, we think, we’ll do well with that continue to gain market share.
Bob Weiss: Sure. On discounting and pricing, of course the industry's been a master at trading up, trading up and trading up. And to overlay on that, we as an industry, there was a fair amount of price increases the last 12 months. On the flip side, there has been a lot of not so much discounting, but rebating. A lot of that is focused in on trying to get you to convert to one day. The strategy is working well as we can see from the growth as a one day being the drivers of the overall markets for the last four years in a row now and that will continue into the future. So, the fact that there are discounts to incentivize or rebates to incentivize to transition from a two-week space into the one-day space, which if there were oasis two-week, non-compliant going to oasis one-day that’s 800% trade up, there is a lot of room for rebating and incentives to get you to make the switch.  Today trade up to one-day is still 400% to 600% step up in revenue at the manufacturing level. So, we trade up all day, even if we had to give rebates all day. And that, we now hit the flip point where, there is more revenue generated by one day and then there is revenue generated by non-one day. So, this last quarter $1.5 billion in revenue in single use and only 975 million in non-single use we are now past the 50% market. How is Cooper doing, we continue to be the driver of the one day, particularly within the phase of the silicone hydrogels so for example last 12 months were up 50% year-over-year, whereas the overall market is up 28% year-over-year for silicon hydrogel OneDay lenses. And of course, you’ve seen our overall numbers, market was up 13% single use and we were up 15% single use for the quarter. So, we think there’s a lot of legs left in it and the roll out of MyDay Toric will only further enhance that market share gains as well.
Bob Weiss: Yes, that’s sort to say we had the target on our back. We were kind of the leading multifocals for many years that really date it back to the turn of the century when Alcon owned the market and then we came out with great multifocals and became the largest player in it. Now everyone has claimed a little catch up there so J&J and Alcon have respectable multifocals. So that’s the way it is we are still growing of course. It is a high growth area. We still have market share that is in around 30% market share worldwide in a growth market.  But the long and the short of it is, others have played a little catch up in the market, it is still a small part of the market so when you look at the overall market, multifocals are 8% we are at 10% of our revenue in multifocals and the bigger action point is the Torics where the overall market is around 22% and we’re about one-third of that market. So Torics is a much bigger fish if you will and there we have a lot of good things going on. And that’s a lot more the barriers of entry in a broad Toric category are a lot tougher as there are so many more SKUs in the Toric area compared to multifocals.
Bob Weiss: Sure. We are underindexed in Asia-Pac so if I look at market share we're about 20% in the U.S., 31% approaching number one in Europe, but only 19% in the Asia-Pac area. So, we have a long way to go, part of that was we were later to the game in some regions, but we've had may good headway in Japan which has been a fairly flat market over the last 10 years, but we've been gaining and gaining share with our OneDay portfolio of products which includes MyDay making good progress there, which will continue as well as some of the headway we made in other regions of Asia-Pac be it Korea be it China where our franchise is developing very nice in China.  But one of the other things that is starting to come into a selling [ph] in Asia-Pac that's started in the U.S. is our specialty lens both Torics and multifocals are early in the game and we have a good portfolio. And as I mentioned, we're essentially number one in the specialty lens space, so we'll continue to ride that way with a very broad product line. So, looking forward, I expect to see pretty good growth in Asia-Pac at the market, and continue to gain market share moving to a more respectful level of overall market share with our portfolio. 
Bob Weiss: Yes. I don’t think, we’re, we have any challenges or undue challenges with the different channels. So particularly when it comes to -- I mentioned the on-eye activity is good. We did have tougher comps than the overall marketplace. We’re coming out with the new product MyDay Toric which will fit the need of that premium silicone hydrogel one-day market, which is a big evolving market. Private label is a big part of our strategy that has a key role not only in Europe, not only in Asia-Pac, but also in the Americas. So, I would say, we have a lot going forward. LensFerry which is facilitating our independent eye care professionals delivering to the home. So, we have a lot of tools and a lot of products and I don’t see a sting [ph] inhibited in any particular area.
Bob Weiss: Yes. You’re correct about that. Anytime, you have a sphere only compared to someone else sphere and Toric, you get the halo effect of having the combo. And in the case of MyDay very similar to the excitement over just how well, Biofinity has done for the last 10 years now. And Biofinity 10 years later, it’s a [indiscernible] product, a lot of that add to, with having a great sphere, a super Toric and then a good multifocals. So, we have a lot going for us in terms of MyDay being more analogous to some of the features of the Biofinity if you will.
Bob Weiss: Yes. I think, if they had made substantial progress in reducing costs, you would eventually see some entrée into the mass market. Right now, they’re putting a lot behind basically not taking up oxygen and all the features that silicone hydrogel that apply to the non-one-day product. And they’re really riding the wave of but voice [ph] in the case J&J and daily MOIST in the case of Alcon. So, they have two big products. So, one of their dilemma is gee if you come into the market, are you competing with yourself or you’re putting someone in play that is hydrogel, they’re kind of between rock and a hard one spot.  We have nothing to lose because we have two great products, premium and low cost. We are the only one with that cost structure that can price a silicone hydrogel comparable to a MOIST and a daily Clariti product and a complete product range. If they were going to come in to the market, would start with a fear if they got the cost down and then they would have to then piggyback on that eventually multifocal and a Toric to get comparable to Clariti. So, I still see Clariti has a long runway in front of it to ride.
Bob Weiss: It’s okay. State of subscription offering, of course we have LensFerry, you have companies out there Hubble and different things. We have been kind of leading the way with home delivery outside the US for many, many, many years. So highly experienced with that model and of course it’s an enhancer for the eye care professional. So, it’s not a bad model.  From our perspective important to that model is having a couple of things. One is private labels, those that want to embark on their own design and model. Number two is having the broadest product portfolio of spheres, Torics and multifocals still makes it more attractive that you could do more things with it.  I understand that companies and I will pick on Hubble for the moment like Hubble will continue to have a very narrow generic offering importing products from Taiwan so that’s only get so far at the end of the day eye care professionals, trying to tell eye care professional you all have to convert to writing script for generic here from Taiwan will only get you so far in terms of developing the model. You're going to need the breadth of products for a reasons doctors prescribed silicon hydrogel. There are recent doctors prescribe Toric, there are reasons they prescribe multifocals. And there are a lot more complicated to fit than just a generic model that is tempting to have the patient influence the eye care professional on what to prescribe. That's a tough model. 
Bob Weiss: I never was much of a UPP guy day one and I still never got enamored by along the way. It was a method of marketing and like those on and there are other methods of marketing that have been used for 30 and 40 years. Clearly rebates have their role, but try it you like it is a big part of the game. So UPP was kind of the pass through and out of that pain in the neck event but we'll be on it. 
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank you for joining us today and I hopefully you’re excited about where we land it and more importantly where we’re going. There is nothing, I’ll look for earnings per share growth next year of upper teen is exciting. Its look very real, we talk about that. We look obviously thrilled about some of the news that has been up here and Paragon or on hormonal [indiscernible] the last couple of days makes it even more exciting. We look forward to updating you on the next conference call, which will be our first quarter earnings for fiscal year 2018 and I think that’s on the 8th of March and we look forward to set as report at that point. Thank you, operator, please conclude the call.
