Bob Weiss: We can hear you good.Jeff Johnson – Robert W. Baird: Okay, good. Hey, Bob, just one question I guess in multi parts, what qualifies as one question, but on the revenue side we've been hearing from a lot of our consumer companies whether that’s contact lenses or dental or what have you, that April looked somewhat slow, you're talking about the same thing. Is that all that's in the comments you made about April being slow and May picking back up? Was there anything specific to your business or the way your products are bought? And how sustainable then do you think the May pick up is? That's the first part. And then Avaira, I think, you had a very tough comp this quarter. If I remember, last year Avaira did extremely well in the fiscal Q1. Last quarter it sounds like Avaira was up year-over-year even after the recall. This quarter my guess is, it's down year-over-year, but could you give us any color there? And then why was Proclear down on a constant currency basis in the quarter? Just trying to understand that a little bit better. Thanks.
Bob Weiss: Good questions. Let me first try and then I'll ask, Greg, if you want to add anything to it. On currency, that model in the past we've always kind of said, look, if currency drops or increases 1% worldwide against the dollar, that means basically around $0.04 a year on a worldwide basis, assuming everything moves in parity. What didn't happen at all by far is parity. And the euro, if you think of our model, if you want to build a better model, you would think of about almost 30% of our revenue comes through in European currencies x the pound. And so when that moves against us as much as it now is, 13% year over year, then there's a huge hit there, unless it's offset by the pound going the same way. In this case the pound didn't go the same way, and also keep in mind that what goes on with the pound happens on a six-month lag basis. So, quite frankly, the pound was very strong in the third quarter a year ago, that came in and it hit the first quarter. So when I talked about a $0.04 foreign exchange hit in the first quarter, it didn't show up on the revenue line; that entire $0.04 showed up in cost of goods. Then you moved to the second quarter and now we have the impact really of no meaningful benefit of the pound, but a meaningful hit of the euro, and since we're so weighted there, you'll end up with a funky, if you will, ratio of bottom line to top line. But if we did that calculation in the first quarter, it would be even more quirky, because there would've been no foreign exchange on the revenue line, it would have all showed up on cost of goods. When you think of the model, if you try to develop a global model, the key things you really have to remember is we have about 30% of our revenue generated in euros. We have about 20% of it generated in yen, which is kind of a [yarn], but it's going to be slight negative in the back half of this year and that actually was a minimizer, it went the other way for us, minimizing the euro in the first quarter. And then think about half of our costs is pound related, our cost of goods, and you know our gross margins are basically -- you could pretty much model how the world is moving if you think of pounds, euros and yen against the dollar, and you can get pretty close to the bottom line by doing that. Greg, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Bob Weiss: Directionally, you're right that we're hurdling $0.33 in the back six months, and already have hurdled $0.11. So we would have been upping guidance were it not for foreign exchange considerably, and we would have narrowed the range were it not for currency also.
Bob Weiss: Yeah, it's more that we will leverage, meaning our operating ratios will improve, as opposed to [flat] dollars, because our revenue does typically pick up the last six months of the year by definition. Did we slow up operating costs going forward or were we done spending? We've invested heavily over the last two years in expansion of feet on the street, in expansion of what we're doing in R&D. So I would say most of the reaction going forward is we arrived operationally, we’ve put the investment in. There is a little bit that is a reaction to uncertainty in the economy. So, I don't want to say none of it has to do with that. Some of it does. So we are tightening our belt somewhat. China, on that, we are, I would say, spending this year less than we had hoped to, and that's a function of just prudent timing, that we wanted to make sure we had the right people onboard. And I believe we had an announcement yesterday in the press or the trade press on the fact that we've now filled the key positions in Asia-Pac and in China, which certainly will facilitate our way forward, meaning the country manager of China just recently came aboard in May and we made that announcement to the trade press. As far as the impact of Avaira going forward, yes, we will be investing behind the Avaira relaunch, the Avaira Toric relaunch, certainly with fitting sets, which are put out there, and then they are amortized over a three-year period going forward. But that is a herculean effort when it comes to a toric rolled out on a global basis. So there's a lot of work and it will take a long time to get to the endpoint. We will be doing an Avaira Toric rollout not for weeks, not for months, but literally around the world beyond, well beyond one or two years. It's a big investment with a lot of energy.
Bob Weiss: Okay. On the silicone single-use silicone hydrogel, if I somehow implied there is a change in signal, there isn't. We are still intent on launching it out, we haven't identified where, by the end of fiscal year. As far as the FDA and West Henrietta, we are, I would say we're making progress with them and we would expect by the end of this month to still be on target for attempting to move the ball forward of removal of the warning letter. So we made good progress with them. The FDA has not given any indication to us that they're coming into the UK in any planned manner. We still expect it’ll arrive someday, but nothing new to report on FDA activity in the UK.
Greg Matz: Nothing, Bob. I think you nailed it. Basically with the way our structure is, and Kim, you picked up on it too, that about 30% or so is in the OpEx side and the rest of it did flow down to the bottom in our current calculations. And the fact that with the way how stable the pound has been has basically left us very little impact in the first three quarters really our expectation of on the production side.
Greg Matz: Yeah, we look at maybe it's roughly a penny over a 12 month period net in the first 12 months and -- or in the first six month to the year, roughly a penny. And other than that, it's really minimal -- it's kind of a minimal impact to the bottom line. It was really down for other reasons, again, increasing the limit, having a better pricing grid, and the opportunity to use that in the future, and it extends the range out for another, what, 18 months.
Greg Matz: Yeah. From a Q3 perspective, we would look to get about $14 million impact, in Q4 about almost $12 million impact.
