Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Second quarter consolidated revenues were $830 million, up 15% or up 10% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 66.7% down 140 basis points from last year, driven primarily by currency. Operating expenses grew 18% and were 42.2% of revenues, primarily as a result of the acquisition of Generate Life Sciences and higher R&D investments. Consolidated operating margin was 24.5%. Within this, we did see challenges from supply chain and inflationary pressures, but our teams did a nice job managing costs and price increases and continuing efficiency improvement initiatives, such as the consolidation of CooperSurgical's production into Costa Rica helped offset the impact. Interest expense was $10.8 million, and our effective tax rate was 13.7%. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.24, with roughly 49.7 million average shares outstanding. Year-over-year FX negatively impacted earnings by $0.53 in the quarter, which was $0.15 worse than we forecasted at the time of our last earnings call. One point to mention is that a large portion of the quarterly FX loss was from the remeasurement impact of yen and euro-based intercompany trade receivables. These remeasurements happen every quarter, and the net amount is usually relatively small. However, significant currency moves towards the end of the quarter resulted in a larger loss in other income and expense. The other unusual item from this quarter was the operating loss from our contact lens solutions business of roughly $0.05. To add some color to what Al mentioned earlier, this has not been a profitable business for us this year. We had a recall in Q1, which resulted in low sales and an operating loss. We expected the business to rebound in Q2, but continuing supply chain challenges prevented that. And Q2 sales were only $4.4 million with a roughly $2.7 million operating loss. From a non-GAAP perspective, we recognized and excluded many costs from the shutdown decision this quarter. But the business remains operational, so activity remains in our non-GAAP P&L and will remain so until we exit the business at fiscal year-end. Returning to the quarter. Free cash flow was $88 million. Net debt decreased $125 million to $2.86 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio reduced to 2.59x. Net debt decreased by more than free cash flow due to the positive impact from closing the SightGlass Vision joint venture. Moving to guidance. We're increasing our revenue growth ranges for CooperVision and CooperSurgical to include our Q2 results and the strength we're continuing to see in our markets, offset mostly by the impact of currency. For EPS, we're updating our guidance to reflect the negative impact of currency and interest rates but holding it unchanged outside of that.  Outside of that, there are a number of moving parts, but ultimately positives such as higher revenues, efficiency efforts, and a lower effective tax rate are offsetting supply chain inflationary pressures and the negative impact of the solutions shutdown. This all results in a consolidated revenue guidance range of $3.280 billion to $3.312 billion, up 9% to 10% organically with CooperVision revenues of $2.225 billion to $2.247 billion, up 10% to 11% organically and CooperSurgical revenues of $1.055 billion to $1.065 billion, up 6% to 7% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $13.09 to $13.29. For interest expense, we're assuming a 50 basis point increase in both June and July and a 25 basis point rate increase in September. Regarding currency, the year-over-year impact from FX is now a roughly 5% headwind to revenues and a 14% headwind to EPS. Although we don't provide quarterly guidance with a number of moving parts, let me add that we expect Q3 earnings to be similar to Q2 driven by the significant negative impact of currency for the quarter. We also forecast a large increase in interest expense in Q3, but expect that to be offset by a lower tax rate. For Q4, we expect a rebound in EPS, led by a lower pound flowing through our cost of goods, helping CooperVision's gross margin. And note, this guidance does not include our pending acquisition of Cook Medical's reproductive health business. That transaction is still pending regulatory approval, and we'll update you once we're closer to completing that process. And with that, I will hand it back to the operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Yes. Sure, Larry. So the midpoint of our last guidance was $13.95. The FX detriment to Q2 was $0.15. The second half FX detriment is $0.41. And the interest expense degradation, if you will, from the Fed increasing rates 50-50 and 25% is $0.20. So your $13.95 gets brought down to $13.19, solely from FX and interest expense. And what we said was higher revenues, the efficiency efforts that we're undertaking and the lower tax rate helped to offset the supply chain and inflationary pressures as well as the lens care exit disruption that we're likely to see in the back half of the year.
Brian Andrews: Yes. I mean the pound, as everybody knows, the pound is a 6-month lag. So we're going to get some benefit from the pound in the fourth quarter. So as the pound weakens, that certainly has a nice impact to cost of goods. We'll have to see what happens on revenues. Obviously, the impact to revenues this year has been so significant. So any move in the right direction significantly helps. Now when you look at your operating margin of around 25%, yes, I would say that's in the ballpark, that certainly fits within the guidance that we've suggested. That's really just being driven down primarily by currency. We're certainly going to get some OpEx leverage from more of the integration efforts that we're undertaking. We've been accelerating our integration efforts. Al mentioned the 6 deals we did since the beginning of last fiscal year. We've moved faster to integrate Generate. As an example, fertility is integrating faster. But in general, we're integrating those more quickly. Generate's going to get some more OpEx leverage next year and then just the continued moves that we're making around Costa Rica. You'll get the full benefit next year. We put a power plant in place in Puerto Rico. That will help gross margin next year. So I'd say overall, gross margin should be up on a constant currency basis within both divisions at least a little bit next year and operating margins, we should get some leverage out of OpEx next year on a constant currency basis.
Brian Andrews: For now, the decision is to really stay the course. I mean we've been -- just like currency interest rates are going to move and bounce around. We're -- I'd say, our first priority with respect to capital allocation is to pay down debt. So we're going to generate a decent amount of free cash flow in the back half of this year. That will go towards paying down debt and investing back in the business like into CapEx. But we're still going to be able to take out a decent chunk of debt in the back half, and that will continue next year. So we'll have to see how things play out. We're -- but for now, we're going to stay the course. And as everybody knows, we have $1 billion hedged at fixed for another several years. So as we take down that debt, it will help offset some of the interest rate moves.
Brian Andrews: So on the gross margin question, I would say that currency is just having a bigger impact on margins in the back half of the year than really anything else. I mean certainly, there are puts and takes when you look through FX. Myopia management is a positive to gross margins, but we're seeing a really rapid acceleration back into daily SiHy. And so that puts a little bit of pressure on our gross margins. So that would be kind of one of the offsets. I'd say in Q3, we always have a little bit of negative manufacturing variances that hit us in Q3 from shutting down our lines in the first fiscal quarter of the year. So that's going to be a little bit of a headwind. And then you get some benefit, like I said, in cost of goods within -- from FX in the fourth quarter, and the business is going to be performing really well in the fourth quarter with less of -- well, with strength in both businesses. So I would say nothing really tied to myopia management, but the puts and takes are kind of those couple of elements.
Brian Andrews: Joanne, yes, I instituted that program in, I don't know, 2006, and I think we ceased it around 2011 or '12, but it's been several years now. We just made that decision a long time ago not to hedge because not only it's costly and it requires resources and it's time consuming. But unless you're going to manage your business differently, all you're doing is delaying the inevitable. You're -- if you're hedging something, you know what to expect some period of time ahead of time. So unless we're going to change the way that we're going to operate our business from doing hedging, it ends up just being not worth -- it ends up being not worth the time or the effort or the cost to do it. So now that the yen is where it is and everything is kind of in a bad place, it'd probably be a horrible time to start hedging. Of course, it still could go -- continue to go in the wrong direction. But I'm a bit of an optimist. Hopefully, we get a little bit of relief here over the next couple of quarters. But no, there's no -- there's not going to be any change to our hedging strategy.
Brian Andrews: Yes. So I mentioned the $88 million of free cash flow. It was impacted interestingly by a $41 million SightGlass Vision cash outlay. We settled a revenue milestone. We bought out a milestone tied to a contingency of revenues, and that cash outflow was a negative to operating cash. And so we had been remeasuring that contingency last year, and that was hitting OpEx, and we were calling that out as it was being remeasured in OpEx. And so now the -- when you're paying it out, it ends up being a detriment. Even though, by the way, we received more than that from SightGlass as part of closing the joint venture and part of getting the money from them to help support the payment, the 50% payment of this buyout. So that was a big part of it.  Obviously, you've got FX and lens solutions, cash cost tied to shutting that down. And then just some higher inventory costs just with raw materials purchases and just trying to get ahead of some things. So the amalgam of all that was resulting in an $88 million. But expect still strong free cash flow in the back half of the year. With CapEx really just being one of those things where I'd expect CapEx is going to inflect up a little bit in Q3 and start to trend a little bit higher. The demand is really, really strong for our lenses right now. We've got basically very little idle costs, and we're utilizing all of our equipment. So we want to make sure that we stay ahead of the game and buy equipment, and we're putting some into production. So we'll continue to do that, and you'll see CapEx come up in the back half of the year and -- but see free cash flow is still looking really solid as we round out at the end of the year.
Brian Andrews: Yes. Robbie, that's a good question and a lot there to unpack. But the long story short is we do have some natural hedges in our business, but they're fairly insignificant in the grand scheme of things. We do have -- when you look at sort of what's been really moving even just from last quarter to this quarter throughout the P&L, this was a story of the yen and euro and pound hitting that impacted revenues. But when you -- with the yen moving so significantly weaker, we have very little to offset that. Our OpEx in Japan is very, very low. So the flow-through is immediate and it's significant. So -- and we have that play out throughout Europe and other currencies. We talked about in the second quarter, the majority of the delta from -- of $0.15 from last quarter's guidance to this quarter's guidance, stemmed from intercompany. And as Al mentioned earlier, Microsoft mentioned that today as a big -- that $50 million impact that they experienced was just balance sheet stuff. You're basically going -- you were measuring intercompany trade balances from one month to the other, you might settle that every 30 days. And typically, that doesn't result in a very significant loss to the bottom line because you have pluses and minuses. But in this case, we -- those balances are always there.  There was a big impact towards the end of the quarter, and that made up the majority of -- or a large part of that $0.15. And so like I said before, and we've said in the past, currency sometimes is in your favor, sometimes it moves against you. When currency starts to move in our favor, that will be a big positive to us, and you'll see a big impact move the other way. When it comes to setting our guidance, we basically just try to -- we take a look at our forecast, and we apply roughly current rates, and that's what you get. And so that's what we tell you is the headwind. So there isn't any magic around it. It's -- that's kind of how we arrive at the guidance.
Albert White: I think, Matt, it's a little different depending upon where you are around the world, right? Because some markets are obviously back like the U.S. and then other markets are in situations where it's quite a bit more restrictive. But as of today, I would say, we have not seen a lot of consumer activity changes because of inflation. I wouldn't highlight that as something that we've really seen.
Albert White: Yes, I won't break out all the China details. The thing that's hurting us probably more than anything right now ends up being currency because that's impacting a lot of our sales around the world. I think we still have a chance to get to that $100 million even in the face of currency, even in the face of the China shutdowns that we've seen in Shanghai, that's negatively impacted the MiSight launch over there. It's negatively impacted our sales. But we have so much strength with MiSight, especially here in the U.S. and throughout Europe that I think we still have a chance to get to $100 million. Maybe it's because of currency, it's $95 million to $100 million when I roll in currency in China and everything else. But I'm not giving up right now on the possibility of getting to $100 million.
Albert White: Yes. I'd love to give you some more information on that, Larry. Unfortunately, I don't have much to give. We're in discussions right now with the FTC to try to sort things out and get that thing moving forward quickly and hopefully getting it sold. So there's not much to add outside of that right now. As soon as we know more, we start making progress to get resolution and try to get that closed, I'll certainly update everyone.
Albert White: Sure, Chris. I'll take the PARAGARD. I'll let Brian comment on the margins for Vision in Q3, Q4. For PARAGARD, we're going to see a pretty sizable year-over-year decline in Q3. You may remember, we took a price increase last year in Q4. So we had some buy-in associated with that. So what you're going to end up seeing in Q3 and Q4 will be on a year-over-year comparison basis, a decent decline in Q3 and then strong growth in Q4. So I mean that's just how the numbers are going to play out. What we're seeing some right now is a lack of traffic -- patient traffic basically is herd in IUDs. And we think that, that's going to start to improve a little bit here because one of the things we've seen historically, and we believe we're seeing now is you'll see when this is happening, some of the channel inventory gets burned down, that's out in the field. And then that, at some point, levels off, and at some point, even increases back up. So we think from a channel inventory perspective and we think from improvement in just patient traffic in OB/GYN offices, we'll start to see a general increase here as we get into Q4. But yes, expecting a challenging quarter, if you will, in Q3, certainly from a comp perspective and even patient traffic and then starting to improve some in Q4.
Albert White: Sure. Yes, you're right on the solutions side of thing. That's about 1 point, right, going 44 to 20. So when you remove that, you pick up a point. And then outside of that, you have several different positives. I think price is a positive. We took some price at the beginning of this year. Frankly, we don't have it in guidance, but we'll probably take some additional prices, my guess as we move through this year to offset some of the inflationary pressures. And then you have Brian alluded to it their growth in daily SiHys. I mean we're just really strong in that market. We have the best portfolio in the daily silicone hydrogel marketplace. So you're getting good growth there. And to be fair, when we did our last earnings call in early March, it was 1 week after Russia invaded Ukraine. So we probably had a little conservatism in the back half of the year in our Q3, Q4 organic growth rates for CooperVision. We've worked through that. We're continuing to see nice trends in all 3 geographies and with all of our markets. So taking up guidance even as much as we did seem to make a lot of sense.
Albert White: Yes, Joanne, I do. Like I've been doing this a long time, so we've been through several recessions, and we've seen contact lens growth come back a little bit in some of the recessions. But frankly, even when it comes back as a market, it's still kind of a low single-digit grower. I think even in some of the worst parts of prior recessions, we were still kind of a mid-single-digit grower. So with the underlying fundamentals there, I'd say, similar to fertility in that more people are becoming myopic, right? 1/3 of the world is myopic today. It's going to be 50% in 2050. And the underlying growth factors for vision correction are just powerful. They're just there. It's just happening. So regardless of what happens with respect to the economy, people are going to need visual correction. Now there could certainly be a little bit of a difference in terms of what people are buying, right? Is everyone going to buy some of the highest-priced daily silicones hitting the market? Or do they buy some more Biofinity or do they buy some clarity or something else. There could be a little shift in buyer behavior, but underlying growth is going to remain there, even in any recessionary type of environment. Contact lenses are just -- they're a great industry to be in from that perspective.
Albert White: Yes, I'd add on that one, quick add, which I don't know if everyone saw it or not. But as we were working through this and talking about the script and reconciling things and so forth and the FX loss that was in our other income and expense. It was interesting today that Microsoft just came out and made a statement about that and talked about the impact from the exact same thing we saw in the month of April. So I don't know if other people will see it, but Microsoft announced it today, and we had the same thing happen. So it won't surprise me if you see it from some other people.
Albert White: Yes, true growth of the market, if you will, right? Because CLI has -- it's gross data rather than net data. So it doesn't take into consideration discounts and GFK doesn't capture the whole market, all that kind of stuff. So yes, I have a tendency to just look at what company is actually reporting.
Albert White: Yes. So I think some of those guys -- well, Alcon is doing really well. They have a big portfolio of legacy wearers that they'll be trading up, and they'll be trading up, I'm sure, for a long time. I think that the story kind of remains the same to some degree, if you will, for us, which is we don't have as large a legacy portfolio to trade up. But we're winning our fair share certainly of new fits. So I think that's probably the differentiator. When you're talking about new fits, new wearers coming into the market and you're talking about products like MyDay and clariti, where we're certainly winning our fair share of that new fit activity. So I think that's the thing that's held up really well. It continues to hold up well based on the latest data I've seen, which is a really good sign for us because, frankly, that's where we need to get a lot of our growth from. We can't get as much from trading up legacy wear. So we have to be able to win new wearers coming into the market.
Albert White: Yes. I just had the team update the numbers on MiSight for wearers. And it's a little different geographically, but it was running kind of in the 85% to 95% retainage rate, if you will, going into multiyear. So not a lot of change from what we've seen in the past, which I'm really happy to report, right? And it's working for a very significant number of kids and then they're staying in the lens, which is great news.  On MiSight, yes, I was kind of expecting $40 million to $50 million this year, depending upon what happened with China. We're still going to be in that $40 million to $50 million. I wouldn't change that range to get to $50 million, we're going to need some uptick in China. I mean we should be farther ahead ideally. A lot of our activity, including some of our distribution activity is literally through Shanghai. So the shutdowns in Shanghai have certainly hurt us. Now the activity when we first launched that in China and first went in there was really strong. It was definitely stronger than I thought it was going to be. So we received some early kind of pickup, if you will, there. And then all of a sudden, it really shut itself down here. Now Shanghai just started kind of reopening a little bit here in the last day or 2. So hopefully, we get some improvement. I mean if we get kind of a snap rebound on that, I still think we could probably move up maybe towards that $50 million. But I think we'll be somewhere in that $40 million to $50 million and I think we still have a decent chance to get to $100 million if the market in China comes back a little bit because we'll pick up a lot of that ortho-k activity. But I still think we'll be at least mid-90s.
Albert White: I would love to, but no, it's incredibly difficult to get because of trade-ups. So when you get trade-up activity and how it all gets classified in terms of switches and new fits and so forth. And when you look at round on a global basis, it's just viciously difficult to get into. I think that it kind of as a general comment, you'd see we're doing really well when it comes to new fits, especially in torics and multifocals. We're certainly doing fine and fierce, but I would say that's where we're seeing strength. But it's hard to get those numbers. I mean even you'll see some stuff from GSK in places, but it's like partial data and only in certain markets, it's hard to get that level of granularity.
Albert White: Yes. It's a really good question, Mike. I mean we've spent quite a bit of time thinking through that. We ended up saying, hey, the fundamentals of our business, Vision and Surgical are really strong right now. We're taking share in the Vision space. We've got a bunch of great products. We're launching products around the world and expanding parameters. We got a lot of good things going with fertility, and we're gaining some traction on some of our medical devices and international med device. So we kind of looked at it and said, man, you hate to take the foot off the pedal. It's hard to get momentum. Now that we have momentum, we really want to keep it. So we ended up saying, okay, we have different factors pushing and pulling on that side of things. And we said, okay, well, if we exclude FX and we exclude the interest rate increases, can we continue to do everything that we want to do as a business? Can we invest everywhere we want to invest? Can we hurdle the solution stuff? Can we hurdle the supply chain and inflationary pressures and everything else, right? And then you pulled out a partner, you're like, yes, we've got price increases here. I've got some growing revenue. I've got a lot of different positive cost containment efforts and initiatives that I can net all that kind of stuff out and get myself in a situation where kind of my core margins are even up year-over-year, if you will, right? But I can't also hurdle FX and interest expense without cutting into some of my momentum and my growth opportunities that are out there. So that's the way we ended up separating it and saying, hey, the fundamentals of the business are too strong to ignore right now. We're not going to hurdle the interest in the FX. Now unlike maybe in prior years or other companies or something, I mean, when FX goes the other way, we're just going to pass that FX right along back. So I sure as [expletive] hope that happens sometime soon, right? That will go right back into our numbers. Interest expense is going to do what it's going to do, as Brian said, we're focused on paying down debt right now. So we're going to generate some cash flow here, we're going to pay down debt to help offset that. But that was kind of our strategic thinking, if you will, for the back half of this year and into next year.
Albert White: Yes. Robbie, to add a point on that. The 5% and 14% that you're highlighting the delta being abnormally large between that, that's misleading because we're the same as every other company in terms of that delta. One of the primary differences from us from a lot of different companies is our FX gets capitalized within our cost of goods, and it turns through inventory 6 months later. So we're not getting any of the positive within our manufacturing from the change in the pound. All we're seeing right now basically is negatives coming from inventory. And the only offset is OpEx. The pound starts flowing through at the end of our fiscal year and into next year. And all of a sudden, that's when you get the bigger offset from currency. So it's a little misleading the 5% and 14%, that's happening because it's all happening within a fiscal year. If you stretch it out over a full year, it wouldn't be that dramatic of a difference. It would be very similar to what you see from other companies.
Albert White: Yes. Solutions is a little bit different of an animal with the plastic that you need to purchase and so forth for the solution bottles and so forth, that's been a challenge for us. There's no question about that. We're working through it, and we've actually made some progress on that, but that has definitely impacted us. Now we're shutting that business down at the end of this year. So we're trying to take care of our customers. I think we did lose. We did have a decent operating loss in Q1 from that business. We had a decent operating loss in Q2. I think in Q3 and Q4, where we're at now that we made the decision and are working to rightsize things very quickly is revenues probably hold fairly stable as we supply as much as we can out to our customers. And then because of rightsized infrastructure, we probably get to like a neutral operating profit or no operating profit, if you will, kind of in Q3, Q4.
Albert White: Yes. I mean we're still, as far as I'm concerned, in the first inning when it comes to MiSight. We are just very early in what is going to be a very large myopia management marketplace. And we're going to have a number of additional products coming out. I mean MiSight, we just expanded the parameter range on MiSight. So I'm excited about that. You're going to see more products coming out of R&D continuing to expand and grow. And I think that industry is just going to continue to grow because anywhere you go right now within the ophthalmic space, you're seeing everyone talking about myopia management, what it means, how they can build it within their practices, how they manage it and so forth. So it's exciting that you're seeing eye care practitioners saying, hey, I have a way to treat this disease.  I can tackle this thing, and I can help kids and I can help society and benefit everyone. So we're definitely gaining some momentum there. So we're very, very early in that process. Pricing to me is that we're not -- we haven't made changes in pricing. I mean, if anything, I think in some spots around the world, we've taken pricing up a little bit. We have a fantastic FDA-approved strong clinical product that works, and it's the only one in the market out there right now that's doing that as a contact lens. So I think from our perspective right now, we'll continue with pricing roughly where it's at.
Albert White: Yes. We're seeing -- we talked for a while about a lot of the growth was being driven by more of our customized solutions, if you will, the customer brands and so forth. We've seen a little bit of shift in that more recently here. Some of the products, MyDay, in particular, Biofinity also, the torics, the multifocal tile, some of that, a lot of which gets sold through private practitioners and so forth. A lot of that strength we're seeing from more traditional branded products, if you will. So that's a really good sign. I'm really happy to see that. It doesn't really surprise me, but it's still nice to see.
Albert White: Great. Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for attending today's call. And we appreciate your time and so forth and look forward to updating everyone again in September on our next earnings call. So thank you. Appreciate it.
