Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. For our third fiscal quarter, consolidated revenues were $1.003 billion, up 8% as reported and up 8% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 66.6%, up from 66.1% last year, driven by continuing efficiency gains and product mix, offset by FX. Operating expenses showed leverage growing slower than sales as efficiency gains from prior investment activities continue to offer positive returns within SG&A. Meanwhile, R&D grew faster than sales as we maintain our R&D activity in several exciting areas, including myopia management and fertility. Consolidated operating margin improved nicely, up to 25.5% from 23.9% last year, led by improved gross margins and SG&A leverage. Below operating income, interest expense was $27.1 million, and the effective tax rate was 16.6% higher than expected mainly due to the geographic mix in income. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.96, up 14% year-over-year with roughly 201 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was $118 million with CapEx of $89 million. Net debt decreased to $2.5 billion. Foreign exchange negatively impacted earnings by $0.05 in the quarter, $0.01 better than expected, helping to offset the higher effective tax rate. To summarize fiscal Q3, CooperVision reported double-digit organic revenue growth against last year's tough 13% comp, fertility returned to double-digit growth, and we passed the $1 billion threshold in quarterly revenues for the first time. Gross and operating margins both improved nicely year-over-year, even against currency headwinds. And this resulted in a very strong operational quarter that delivered solid double-digit earnings growth. Before moving to guidance, let me mention two tuck-in acquisitions. The first is ZyMot, which closed in June. This deal adds a first of its kind patented sperm separation device that helps optimize fertility procedures. The company had roughly $9.5 million in trailing 12-month revenue and the purchase price was approximately $34 million. The second deal is obp Surgical, which closed on August 1. This deal adds both a lighted retractor with an integrated smoke evacuation system and a lighted surgical suction device. The company had trailing 12-month revenues of roughly $14.5 million and a purchase price was approximately $100 million. Both deals are accretive to consolidated revenue growth rates, margins and non-GAAP earnings. Moving to fiscal 2024 guidance. We are increasing our consolidated revenue and earnings per share guidance on our third quarter results and expectations for continuing operational strength. For the full fiscal year, this results in consolidated revenues of $3.89 billion to $3.91 billion, up 8% to 8.5% organically. For CooperVision, the guidance range is $2.61 billion to $2.62 billion, up 9% to 9.5% organically. And for CooperSurgical, the range is $1.286 billion to $1.294 billion, up 5.5% to 6.5% organically. We expect interest expense of roughly $109 million which assumes no interest rate changes by the Fed for the remainder of our fiscal year. We expect the full year effective tax rate to be slightly over 14%, assuming no additional discrete items. And we expect non-GAAP EPS in the range of $3.64 to $3.67, up 14% to 15%. Built within this guidance is our fiscal Q4 expectations, including CooperVision growing 8% to 10% organically, CooperSurgical growing 6% to 8% organically and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.98 to $1.01. Regarding fiscal 2025, we'll provide specific guidance in December on our Q4 earnings call, but let me say that we remain focused on delivering strong operational performance and low double-digit constant currency operating income growth. To conclude, let me briefly touch on where we are in our strategic journey from a financial perspective. As we've discussed on prior calls, we've spent considerable time and money positioning our business for higher, long-term sustainable organic revenue growth. This has meant significant investments throughout the company, and we're now seeing that activity pay off with strong revenue growth and leverage through the P&L. We expect this to continue and to lead to improving free cash flow as operating cash flow improves and CapEx moderates. With that, I will hand it over to the operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Hi, John. Yes, thanks for the question. Yes, I mean, we expected strong results in the second half of the year. You heard my gross margin commentary in the first couple of quarters being stronger than in the first half than the second half, but we were going to make up for it with meaningful SG&A leverage in the second half. So we certainly put up some great results in the third quarter with SG&A leverage. I'd say both businesses are executing really well. Certainly, those investments that we've been -- that kind of stacked up on top of one another over the last several years are yielding positive returns, and we're getting efficiencies from those. I mean, it's not a one quarter thing, it's a multi-quarter thing and I think we expect to see that next quarter and into next year. So yes, happy with the results.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Lay. Yes. So similar to Al, I'm going to hold off on providing details until December. But you picked up on the commentary, I said about delivering our long-term commitment and our objective to deliver low double-digit constant currency OI growth. So people can take comfort in the fact that, that objective hasn't changed. We've got a lot of momentum going into next year, next year should be another solid year. Free cash flow is going to be stronger next year so we expect we'll pay down some debt. So hopefully, assuming rates hold, that will mean that our interest expense goes down to the extent that the Fed does something in our favor, then that's going to be beneficial and that will help. I guess if I talk about FX, I'm knocking on wood right now, Lay but as we sit here today, FX is a positive for fiscal 2025. So I don't want people to get ahead of themselves, but that could be some upside. And while I'm not providing guidance on taxes, if we use 2024 as a guide, our effective tax rate pre discrete this year will be around 15.5%. So we've got momentum, hopefully, some of these upsides play out, and we're going to have a great year.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Robbie. Yes. So price and efficiency gains are offsetting the FX. On the efficiency side of things, we're making progress on our intercompany shipping. So when we put all of those infrastructure investments in tied to packaging, some of the labeling and so forth. And when we're moving product intercompany between and among our sites, we've gotten a lot more efficient at doing that. And so what you've seen is efficiency, that efficiency flowing through cost of goods as well as the price helping to improve gross margins. You've got a little bit of mix there as well. Americas, we've got a bit higher margin than in other parts of the world and then some of the some mix also at CooperSurgical. So you put it all together, and it's offsetting that FX to a large extent. So I'd expect that we'll continue to do that type of activity. You'll see dailies thigh high to be a bit of a headwind. But as we work through our capacity increases and we eventually get to moderating on that CapEx and we start working on continuous improvement activities, that's going to be another opportunity for us to continue to take gross margins higher over the longer term.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Steve. Yes, I just want to be clear though. I mean, while I talked about in the future when CapEx moderates, we'll get to work on continuous improvement activities, and that will result in efficiency gains. I wasn't necessarily suggesting that next year is going to be a light CapEx year, and I wasn't certainly even giving guidance to next year. So Certainly, we have a demand still outstripping supply, we're capacity constrained in a number of places. We're modulating some of our launches and our launch activities based on the capacity and the supply that we have, but capacity is coming on just about every month, and we're doing great at adding capacity and better-than-expected yields and results. So I'd expect that next year, we're still going to have a big CapEx number. I just talked about free cash flow being better next year than this year. And this year, I'm reiterating the sort of around $300 million of free cash flow. So things are looking positive, but I wouldn't initially say that a major change in CapEx for next year.
Albert White: Yes, sure. The state of the market is holding up really well. There's a little bit of noise every once in a while that we'll hear, right, you mentioned it with rebates, which is U.S. consumer rebates, relatively small in the grand scheme of things. But if we look at the market, whether it's the U.S. or we look on a global basis, it remains really healthy, and you're continuing to see growth in a lot of the more mid- and higher-end products in torics and multifocals and some of the more premium products within those segments. So yes, I would just say maybe a little bit of noise here and there, but on a U.S. basis and a global basis, still pretty healthy market.
Albert White: Yes. I would say on the litigation side, we're working through that. We have insurance to cover that. And yes, it's something that we'll work through as other companies work through similar situations. I think that, that event that you're referencing happened kind of back in the December time frame and rolled a little bit in the beginning of this year. But our fertility team is fantastic, and they've done a great job and the message that they deliver and the message they believe in is that we are going to do what's best for our patients. And we're going to do what's best for our customers. And we put our heart behind that. And I think the team did just a fantastic job going out and talking to people, being open, honest and transparent and so forth and working through the issue to get back on good footing, and that's what you're seeing. That's why we're back to double-digit growth here.
Albert White: Sure. Yes, it was an excellent quarter. When you think about last year, I think we were at 13%. So on a two-year stack basis, definitely a strong quarter. You are seeing some of what you referenced, John, which is we've got some capacity coming online and that's putting us in a position to be able to meet demand. As we sit here today, demand is still greater than supply, if you will, with -- and I would say that's especially true with MyDay and some parts of the MyDay portfolio. And it's a little bit of a limiter in terms of our ability to meet the demand in locations and also a little bit of a restrictor and our ability to be able to launch some of the activity we want around the world. So that makes me optimistic about the future, certainly, as we continue to bring capacity on and expand our capabilities. In the meantime, you're seeing the results of bringing capacity on and the continuing strength of the product portfolio.
Albert White: Sure. Lay, I'm not going to get into much detail on guidance at this point in time as we never do. A couple of things I would just say, I mean, the contact lens market is certainly healthy as we're just discussing with Jeff. I mean we're giving guidance for ourselves in the fourth quarter here of 8% to 10%. CooperSurgical's market is healthy, fertility is healthy. We're giving guidance for CooperSurgical in the fourth quarter of 6% to 8%. So we're optimistic about both marketplaces. And where we sit today here, I would say, remaining optimistic that both markets are going to continue to be strong in the next year. But outside of saying that, I'm going to hold off on giving any revenue detail until we get to December. I'll turn it over to Brian on below the line items.
Albert White: Sure. We took price in fiscal Q1 of this year. I would anticipate we'd take price again in fiscal Q1. When I look at ourselves or the industry, inflation has come back a little bit, but it's still running, what, in the 3% kind of range. So I think where we've been is raising pricing to offset inflation. And I would anticipate the industry will continue to take price to offset inflation. And I would anticipate we'll do that in fiscal Q1. So more to follow on that.
Albert White: Sure, Craig. Yes, that was the CooperSurgical-related IT upgrade issue that we worked through last quarter. I would say that, yes, it did disrupt things a little bit into this quarter. But we've worked our way through that. I think you probably get a little bit of the residual upside from that, frankly, in Q4. As you saw, we did 5% growth in CooperSurgical in Q3, and we're guiding to 6% to 8% in Q4. So finishing the year strong as CooperSurgical gets back on full footing, if you will.
Albert White: Sure. That's a good question. Our Asia PAC numbers, yes, a little bit softer than maybe we were running historically. We've got a great team there, Kathy and her team of folks in Asia PAC, I've got all the confidence in the world, a strong team. They just need more product as what they need at the end of the day. And if we have more product, those numbers would be stronger, that's what it comes down to. So we're working hard on that. We're bringing capacity online. We're trying to get more MyDay so we can get it out in the marketplace and get it over to help that team execute at the level that we know they can. I won't give any specific details on that at this point. I'll touch on that and give a little bit more color in December as we start discussing next year's guidance.
Albert White: Yes. That's a great question, Joanne. Yes, we did about, I think it was somewhere around $37 million this quarter total Myopia management. MiSight is bigger than ortho-k now. And as you can see in the number, continuing gain traction. So I would say, though, we're still in the early innings of that. You're seeing Myopia control continue to gain interest among the eye care community around the world. You're seeing more interest in some of the parts of the world where there's Myopia control spectacles. We have a joint venture, as you know, with EssilorLuxottica who's doing a great job with Stellest. We're seeing some great numbers with SightGlass in China. So I'm really optimistic about that entire marketplace. I mean I still believe the myopia control market is just going to be a really large market. As everyone knows, the only approved product right now in the U.S. through the FDA is MiSight. I look forward to getting glasses approved at some point in time. I think that's going to take everything to a whole another level. But to your point, Joanne, like we're doing well. Business is growing. We're gaining traction. That's moving closer to standard of care in pediatric optometry, which is fantastic in many markets around the world. So that's all positive news. It's not as big as I'd like it to be. but it is definitely moving in the right direction and continuing to get larger. And to be fair, 50% growth on MiSight off a little bit bigger number, the numbers keep getting bigger and the growth rate has been holding. So things are pretty positive there.
Albert White: Yes. I mean I think Brian kind of covered it well, which is FX as we sit here today, would be a positive on a year-over-year basis. We'll see what happens with interest expense, right? But we're going to generate some decent free cash flow. We'll pay debt down, that's going to help. If the Fed lowers rates, that's going to help. Taxes, effective tax rate is going to be higher year-over-year, as Brian said, 15.5% was without the discrete this time. So I think it'd be higher next year. But if you plug all that in, yes, that should result in some pretty decent EPS.
Albert White: Sure, Anthony. Yes, a couple of different things. On pricing, we have really strong visibility internally on pricing, of course. But it's a complex model, as you could imagine. I mean you talked about a couple of the items there, right? distributors versus retailers and the direct channel optometrists. That's why I always say to people like be careful reading too much into something like consumer rebate activities in the U.S. that occur in the U.S. and not outside of the U.S., right? I think at the end of the day, what you're thinking about is right, like 2% to 3% support for market growth is probably the range that we're sitting in. I think where inflation is, it won't surprise me if we continue to sit in that range for a little while longer. We'll see what happens long term on that. When you think about the growth of the market overall, it ties to your question on torics, which is one of the reasons the market is growing nicely is it's not only price in terms of pure price but it's price coming from a product mix shift. And as you get more growth in torics and you get more growth in multifocals, and some of the other specialty lines, I mean, we have some of the most innovative products in the market when it comes products like Energys and so forth. You do get a different margin profile. Now that one is a little challenging to answer specifically because it depends on the life cycle, meaning when you're launching some of these products, especially wide SKU range torics, you're going to have lower margins. But once you get the products fully into the market, you'll get margins at or even above sphere margins. So I would say, at the end of the day, we really look at operating margins, more than gross margins. And all of this activity is going to end up being long-term accretive to operating margins.
Albert White: Sure. Yes. I mean right now, PARAGARD is the only approved product in the marketplace. And I think it's worth remembering that IUDs are governed as pharma products. So the regulatory approval process is long and arduous, and I can't comment on somebody else's process or their journey to getting approval. But what I can say is that we have a fantastic team selling PARAGARD, it's been in the market a long time. It has a 10-year indication, which is very unique to it. We just went through the full approval process to get single hand inserter approved. We've got that product into the market right now. That's a more efficient way for the practitioner to insert the IUD so that's fantastic. And if there was pushback on PARAGARD, a lot of times, it was tied to that. So that's a nice improvement we have in the marketplace. So where PARAGARD sits right now is actually in a pretty good spot.
Albert White: Yes. We had a good July. I would say we're having a good August. So yes, somebody asked the question kind of earlier about market demand and so forth, I'd say the market is remaining healthy certainly. And we're seeing that in our business. I am excited about MiSight and where we're at. The receptivity on that seems to have increased and we're seeing more positive news on my side. So I'm expecting another good quarter here for fiscal Q4. But yes, in general, the last couple of months have been good and the month we're in is starting off well.
Albert White: No, I'm not too worried about that. I mean, first of all, I would say that it wasn't that big of a deal. They cut some SKUs out of some ranges and the wider part of the bell curve, if you will so it would not be fair to say we took a lot of toric business or a lot of toric patients from them because of that decision. We did take some. And when you fit somebody in a toric, especially toric like ours, just I mean we're a market leader there with some of the best design toric in the marketplace, period. We don't lose patients once they come into our products. So no, I think we're fine on that side of things.
Albert White: Yes. I think that when you look at the contact lens market, it's always a little tough to take at any individual quarter because a lot of different things can happen. But we've seen them over the last couple of years when it comes to people having some shipping issues or supply issues and so forth. But at the end of the day, I look at our business model and I say, okay, we have the broadest portfolio, some of the best, arguably the best markets and best products in a lot of segments of the market. So I think you're going to get consistency. I mean, from us, I think when you look at the rest of the market, you've got disruptions and business profiles and then you've got portfolios where people are in their portfolios. The market has shifted over and continues to shift to silicone hydrogel dailies and specifically, daily torics and daily multifocals. As you know, I mean, over the last, geez, now five, six years or so, we put a heavy emphasis on expanding our capabilities in the daily side of things, bringing our monthly portfolio into the daily side of things on expanding parameter ranges for torics and creating products like MyDay Energys and MiSight and so forth to expand the daily market. And that's worked out really well for us. So I don't know. I don't read too much necessarily into all the competitors quarterly results because at the end of the day, you got a strong market and everyone is going to continue to put up decent results moving forward because you just have healthy underlying demand.
Albert White: Sure. Yes. On SightGlass, no updates on that. We're working through that clinical process right now. to try to get FDA approval. The last kind of commentary we gave on that was look and hoping to get FDA approval in the latter part of next year. I mentioned it earlier, we have an excellent relationship and joint venture with EssilorLuxottica who is the true leader in Myopia control, and they're doing some fantastic things in that space, and we're working with them. We're doing some fantastic things. So two great companies working together to promote Myopia care and really trying to help children that need visual correction around the world. With SightGlass, we have the product in China right now. It's doing really well there, and we're looking forward to continuing to do really well there and get launched, make it its way around the world. And ultimately get FDA approval and be really successful here and really help MiSight also.
Albert White: Sure. I would say when it comes to Myopia management, and I would say this is true for ortho-K and MiSight. Our weakest market is China. Now we don't do a lot of business in China, period, as a company. There's a tremendous amount of opportunity with Myopia control in these treatments in China because there's such a high percentage of the pediatric population that's Myopic. But that would be a market where we struggle. So as well as we're doing it's largely being driven by success outside of China. You guys probably even know better than I do, you probably follow China closer than I do, but it'd be great to get some consistency in growth out of China because I think there's some tremendous growth opportunities there with MiSight and ortho-k but right now, we're not really seeing it, that's not a driver. If I think about MiSight and insurance coverage, I would say we continue to make progress slow but sure. I've talked about Aetna coverage in the past and Kaiser coverage in the past. I think we're just continuing to make slow and steady progress on insurance reimbursement. I will go back to some prior comments I've made on other calls that we really need to get spectacles in the market and really get the myopic control market to become standard of care so that all optometry practices are looking at that when kids come in, right, and treating them the way they should be treating. And I think that's going to really kick start the insurance reimbursement. Until that point, I think we'll just continue to plug along slowly, but surely.
Albert White: Yes. I'll give a couple here, I'll stop my head and see if Brian has anything to add. I mean PARAGARD is going to be up this year or we're anticipating it being up this year, just a little bit, not a lot, but it will be up slightly. STEM was kind of usual, it was up, I think, around 4%, and that was just organic growth. We haven't done any acquisitions or anything on that side of things. We just did the two small ones Brian mentioned.
Albert White: Sure. Yes. I mean, I think you can back in the numbers, PARAGARD will be down a little bit in Q4 again. But I think if I look longer term, you're talking about a marketplace that has declining unit sales. So we're getting a little bit of growth because of price. We've taken price a few times, maybe we'll take price again. But the marketplace is declining in terms of units, which creates the challenge. I mean, ultimately, there's more options available to women for birth control. And I think non-hormonal IUDs, meaning PARAGARD is going to continue to do okay. But that's not the -- that's not the big growth market, right? I mean it's just not. But it's fine. I mean it's less than 5% of our revenue. So it's -- I mean, we talked about -- I don't know why we spent so much time talking about it, but that would be the answer.
Albert White: Sure. Probably not too much to read into Biofinity and Avaira this quarter. It was a strong quarter and it was driven by some of the products that I've mentioned, Energys and extended range torics and toric multifocals and so forth. But I think you're going to get some stronger quarters and then some lower quarters there. I mean that will fluctuate around with daily. So not too much to read into that. When I think about the marketplace on dailies, we still have a long runway as an industry there. Less than half of people are being fit in dailies right now. If we call somewhere around 45% of its going into dailies, about 75% of those bits are going into daily silicone hydrogels. Those numbers are increasing, they continue to increase. But the fact that less than half of people are being fit into dailies right now just tells you how much of a runway we have to go as an industry. I mean I just -- it's amazing. I wear dailies and I would never go back to not wearing dailies. They're just so easy to put them in and take them out, throw them out, clean, safety everything else that goes along with it. So I just think that trend is going to continue. And then I would add on to that, that as you've seen products like the one I'm wearing, MyDay multifocal, which is just -- I mean, it's an amazing, amazing product. And what we've seen is people try MyDay multifocal and they stick with it and they stay in it for years and years rather than dropping out of contact lenses. And the last one I would add is torics. I mean, getting the fit that you should get, the correct lens for your eyes that gives you the best eyesight is critically important. And doctors' ability to fit people in torics right now has improved. And now that you're getting the availability of torics within dailies, it's continuing to grow that market. So I think we -- I don't know what inning we're at if you ask me that way, but we have many years left as an industry shifting, continuing to shift over to daily silicone hydrogels and torics and multifocals.
Albert White: On the single hand inserter, I'd say it puts us on par, if you will, with the market. There is single-hand inserter used by hormonal IUDs and that puts us on par with the market. I don't know what the competitor is going to do and what they'll get approval on or won't get approval on. So I won't speculate there. But I will say that it puts us on par with the other products like Marina that are in the marketplace. On capacity, we are making great progress on capacity, and we are more active in terms of getting product into the market and evaluating some incremental launch opportunities, if you will. So yes, I would answer that we have very good visibility on that and it would be positive news.
Albert White: Great. Thank you, and thank you to everyone who called in. We had a really strong operational quarter as we talked about. As Brian said, we're really focused on that and we're going to continue to deliver results here in the short term and long term. That's our plan. So thank you again. Look forward to seeing everyone during this quarter. Thanks.
