Bob Weiss: So, Larry, you're correct, it's less than we have guided particularly in 2015 and earlier in terms of a multiple. We're estimating the market will be 4% to 6%. So if one were to take the midpoint at five and then compare that to the midpoint of the CooperVision at six that would kind of frame it. In 2015, with a little bit of hindsight we were guiding closer to 3X the market. And the rationale for that was that the prior year we had grown at 2X the market we were bringing on clariti and the Sauflon acquisition and on a pro forma basis expected to accelerate growth. We did put up good numbers that on a quarterly basis, calendar year basis 8% two times the market, but to answer your question, we’re – you can compare the 6% midpoint to the 5% midpoint as we look ahead to 2016.
Bob Weiss: Well, clearly the silicone hydrogel single-use market is exploding within the 1 Day market. The 1 Day market continues to drive the entire market growth. Once again, this year this would be I think at least for last four years in a row, the 1 Day market was the driver of the market. Having said that, there is as we know increasing activity in the space with J&J now introducing an Oasys one day silicone hydrogel lens more targeted to the premium space. So we continue to expect the expansion of the premium space, we also continue to expect that there will be swapping out of a hydrogel for silicone hydrogel most notably clariti going against Moist and Daily AquaComfort Plus. So that mass market hydrogel space we view clariti is still primed to make good headway there. 
Bob Weiss: We have come off of a quarter with 7% and our fiscal quarter and obviously, there was a fair amount of things going our way. Then, we also were really taken back by October, which relative to how we were trending in August and then into September was noteworthy to us. So are we being – are we approaching it a little differently, perhaps, we’re making the statements that we will continue to gain market share or we gain more than we’re kind of laying out in this map, who knows. But if you look at our track record on revenue in 2015, we have four misses in four quarters. So we just don’t think it’s prudent to be as bullish or whatever term you want to use in our forecasting in 2016.
Bob Weiss: We’re not going to get into quantifying those forces but in some cases it would be too speculative. But in terms of looking at 2016 Q1, we mentioned that part and parcel because of the disruption or because of disruption that occurred in Europe we are making some concessions and we clearly now can get into putting much color on that other than to say it's a direct hit on revenue. So that will have the impact of suppressing our underlying growth somewhat. And we will not be calling that out in the sense of traditional call out up since it is impacting the revenue line. So that is one factor that will impact top line growth albeit kind of one time from our perspective meaning going forward. We expect to have more robust delivery. We’re at the point now, we are delivering in Europe. So, on a go forward basis, we feel pretty good about that. But it's still a roll into the first quarter.  The other things we talked about lens care, which had a pretty big impact in Europe on the quarter. And we expect that to moderate the overall industry, we do think we will be artificially inflated in 2016 with J&J having easy comps and really the one, the UPP story if you will.
Bob Weiss: Well, obviously when we – to take your last question or comment. Of that $195 million, $200 million business that we bought, clearly the one that is captivating the growth is clariti. And clariti relative to this last quarter, while it missed our target still a combination of clariti and MyDay grew 48%. So that silicone hydrogel space, 48% constant currency is good. It obviously isn’t as good as we cited and quite frankly, we didn’t anticipate October going soft in the U.S. and a lot of that softness is a reflection of all the energies at J&J put into the marketplace literally flooding the marketplace. And that Stymied [ph] I think room for any other competitors to do as much as they normally would. As far as the non-one day clariti piece of that acquisition of Sauflon, yes, clearly lens care is dropping off and dropped off much more than we thought. Part of that was probably self inflicted with the disruption in Europe. And we think we have our distribution and pipeline if you will put back together. A lot of lens care happens in Europe. That’s where it's more strategically tied in with key accounts. And so we will continue to have of that available to those strategic accounts recognizing it’s not a growth area and it’s pretty clear that one day is a direct competitor of the lens care industry. But I’m not going to get in to much more color on that and we look at that as a package clariti and MyDay is ramping up nice. Yes, it’s true down the road in 2016 we'll have availability of MyDay in Japan also which is a big one day market.
Bob Weiss: I didn't quote it and we’re not going to get ourselves into what we did last year. We started off with a number and then we changed it one time and then finally came in at 136. Our focus is yes, that's going to be a growth area but we’re not going to put up the target we're shooting for.
Bob Weiss: So relative to Sauflon overall has done exceedingly well from what it’s done for the Company and what it’s done for the bottom line. Were it not for foreign exchange as I pointed out, we had 26% pro forma earnings per share growth. So great on the bottom line we grew 2X the market, great on the top line. It really is more about our – the targets we set than it was about the performance we delivered. In other words no one would be complaining today if we were to report basically $9.20 in earnings per share this past year, which is what we would have reported, as we had the same rates as we did in 2014.  No one would be complaining on that front. They’d see the 26%, so we're actually jazzed about everything about the acquisition. It’s done exceedingly well on many fronts and we've frequently talked about just how good the costs are coming down in the production cycle and how good the ramp up is. So from an impairment perspective nothing to talk about but having said that we did take rationalization charges we did make some decisions on which products stay and which products go or which platforms we’re accelerating and which ones we’re decelerating. And clearly, I think in Greg's commentary, was referenced to some of the non-recurring call outs that are part of that integration process we always anticipated.
Bob Weiss: Well. I think we’ve put enough color on our outlook for 2016 to say we’re bullish that daily silicon hydrogels are doing well and probably will accelerate more, so than decelerate as a growth driver. And said another way it grew I think 46% this past year, the single use silicone hydrogels over the prior year and 48% this past quarter, so there’s modest acceleration, but clearly not as much as we expected. When it comes to the topline shortfall, I would say it’s a combination of three factors, all of which are about one-third, one-third, one-third¸ roughly. The U.S. and the discussion about the J&J rollout impacting the marketplace is about one-third, one-third have to deal with silicon hydrogel, I’m sorry with lens care drop off we talked about a substantial drop off 36% in our lens care business in the fourth quarter. And then the third piece was some of the damage are residual fuel in Europe and the integration disruption. Those three are the composite of the $20-ish million drop off versus guidance, so about one-third, one-third, one-third. As far as outlook for silicone hydrogel one day, we’re bullish, but we’re not going to say that the we’re still bullish it’s going to drive our expectation, we’re going to go 3x the market as was the guidance with hindsight that we put up in 2015.
Bob Weiss: Okay, well, you're right. August was a good month and things dropped off in October a lot, particularly in the U.S. and some of the problems we ran into in Europe exacerbated the most. We thought we’re in pretty good shape in early September, found out we weren't in as good shape as we thought by mid-September and had a bumpy ride with our integration if you will in Europe, from mid September until pretty much the end of November. Having said that, we had what we call a very respectable November that is built into our first quarter guidance, as well as our fiscal year guidance. And the fact that we now have our system back to where it belongs in terms of service to our customers, not that we’ll always be happy where we are, but it's clearly back to where it was when we started the integration in Europe. So we're happy about that. As far as solutions, we spent a good chunk of time last year evaluating our options on the lens care business, would we be a buyer, would we be a seller, what would we do. And look at our lens care relative to how it ties in with the lens portfolio. And particularly key accounts that’s concluded that we are a holder on it. We're not going to try it; we're certainly not going to invest in a big way. We are going to service our key accounts. And I might add it's a pretty efficient process particularly where you get into those areas in the world where there's a tie-in of lens and lens care and a direct-to-consumer and are number of countries where that is the case. So it's strategic albeit we're still trying to hamper its growth by succeeding in 1 Day. [indiscernible].
Bob Weiss: Yes. MyDay is ramping up very nicely. I think I might have missed on the last call that we doubled our capacity between from six months earlier. So there is a nice ramp up and that ramp up translates to cost of goods coming down. So there is good improvement on gross margins, albeit we still have a long way to go and we have a lot of startup lines and any time we get into a startup line kind of take a step back with the startup cost. And by the way that is a continual – continuous drag on some of our gross margins, as we add new lines as opposed to cutting it off where we are. We do step back and put a little drag on our MyDay gross margin and our overall gross margin. It’s just the way it is for now. But net - net we’re happy with the progress we’ve made on improving yields, yields obviously mean as you improve yields, it’s a 100% gross margin on that improvement, because if you’re getting 20% or 30% more units of the same line. It costs you just as much instead of throwing them in the garbage can, you’re getting to keep them.  So that’s a very positive direction and adds to the throughput as well as bringing the cost down. But having said that, we are still capacity constrained and therefore, how and when we will approach. Japan is still to be determined in our mind in terms of sharpening the pencil and where we are going to go and how we’re going to go. And we are not going to get a lot more granular on our overall strategy with it.
Bob Weiss: Well. In some respects they’re helping us. I don’t want to say it’s all bad news. Where J&J is coming into with Oasys one day, which again is silicone hydrogel lens going after primarily total launch they are trying to keep a wall between Oasys one day and Moist because they have too much to lose. So there are two separate markets. It's true that Oasys one day is in the same part as it is MyDay, but in the area MyDay we like our product, we think it can go ahead with total one, which is an excellent product. And so now there are three lenses fighting that battle there, we are still capacity constrained. So it will be a while before we're butting heads against what do we sell the next product we make we're not near that point at this juncture. Obviously have the alternative of go to Japan, with MyDay figures and will go to the U.S. although it’s kind of trade-offs. Relative to the other half of the part in the one day space for the big part of the market called the mass market. That is still moist and moist is what clariti is about the one thing that clariti has in the one day space and it's the only one that has half of it is a one day silicone hydrogel, toric, sphere, and multifocal. Well it's the only show in town and there – and we have an immensely favorable cost structure. So we're feeling real good about our ability to address the mass market. In the one day space with the silicone hydrogel products, you already know in the FRP market, the frequent replacement market, the two week market and the monthly market is 78% silicone hydrogel. Doctors suffered for 10 years from Johnson & Johnson, from Alpine, and from Bausch & Lomb how important our position, how important silicone hydrogel is. That story hasn't gone away. Nothing has changed, doctors just don't forget that oxygen is important because they are selling a one day lens. The fact of the matter is one day lens is worn for X. amount hours I’d say 14 hours. A 30 day lens or a two week lens is what is worn for the same length of time. So there's no distinction whatsoever, between the importance of oxygen in the one day market or the two week market or the month end market. That may not be understood by many. But the doctors and the healthcare professionals get it and understand it.
Bob Weiss: Okay, got it, got it. In my commentary I mentioned that we’ve up to 26% to 27%, but that’s five years out, 2020.
Bob Weiss: So we’re still directionally headed where we are headed on that front. Was there a halo effect with the J&J strategy? Absolutely. There was considerable tie in their marketing approach. And let’s call it arm twisting on the marketing approach that clearly has some halo effect on some of their other products. So it was not only the pipeline sale in the one day silicone hydrogel space that was the event, but there was some pull even in the two week space, which is the space that is declining in total. As far as MyDay and clariti and that rollout, no, I don’t think there’s anything one way or the other that needs in terms of directionally our operating performance targets.  multifocal – I’m sorry operator. Multifocals just to comment on that we had a reasonably good quarter on multifocal at 7% or 8%, I think it was and while it’s true that, that growth would have been better had we had a more robust U.S. and a more or less of disruption than we had in Europe, it would have resulted in better numbers in that area also. Go ahead, Operator. 
Bob Weiss: Yes, plain and simple, if you integrate your products with key accounts and you're used to getting the product on time and particularly if it's direct-to-consumer and I'm talking about big change, the change in Europe or big part of what Europe is about. And all of a sudden you throw on that back order, and backlog it's not a pretty situation. So in some cases it directly interfaces with their customers. So rest assured we were fully appreciative to what the disruption meant to their franchise in their business. And took every step humanly possible to an including [indiscernible] as we could at it to fix it as soon as we could. Part of the complexity is when you shutdown bunch of locations that are throughout Europe in different countries put them in one country, you obviously put a burden on yourself to be able, let's say it we a Germany for example, and I shutdown Germany and integrate it to Belgium. And then I can't go to the customer and say I can get it to you two days later now because I did some for my benefit. So all that activity doesn't matter if it's the CooperVision products or the Sauflon products quite frankly they don’t care, back orders to back order, the concessions are basically a reflection on dialogue with some of those customers as you go through how to reasonably address the wounds.
Bob Weiss: First on the EPS guidance is the low-to-mid teens going to the 10 to 14. So we are still saying low single – low-double digit to teens in the 10 to 14. With respect I think you’re saying your model does not get to the $0.58 in foreign exchange or rest assured and Greg could add to it here that $0.58 is what the implications are of the currencies moving forward from 2015 to where we are today on those exchange rates. Not only the pound, the yen, and the euro, but also the other currencies that Greg alluded to.  From a market share perspective, yes, you’re right, Historically, we’ve grown more like 2x the market the last five, six years, seven years. And we’re moving the guidance if you will from 2x the market in 2015, fiscal year 2015 to 1.25. A little of that is the concessions not much.  A little of that is some of the disruption that is now occurring surrounding the J&J rollout in the U.S., a little of that is the disruption in the European either with the integration. And in fact of the matter is if we removed all those with the 1.25 guidance go way up from there. No, we probably still be guiding to 5 to 7 for us and 4 to 6 of the marketplace. Not because anything has changed and I think you heard me mention that, it could be that the market is at the higher end of that given the easy comps with competitors like J&J. But in fact that they have easy comps only means the market is a little bit more robust perhaps than it is underlying that and it doesn’t change what we should get independent of that. 
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank you everyone for joining us today. Obviously, I wish I had a lot more stellar things to say about this last quarter. But all of just reiterate we think we did a lot of things in the integration right, very optimistic about our way forward for not only 2016, but many years to come we think we have the right products and the right strategy. And we respect the competition not to diminish the work they’re doing. So we look forward to updating you, I believe March 3 is our next update and we're looking forward to it. Thank you.
