Bob Weiss: I will comment first and I will let Greg amplify both gross margin and then his part on the taxes. You are right we came in with a very solid gross margin to provision was 64%, compared to a year ago 59.5% that shows better the value of Norfolk, which is ongoing of course, the value, one of the real catalyst of our gross margin is mix in fact that literally our growth is being sponsored by Biofinity we suppose is the high gross margin. So importantly as we get back into the two week market more robustly that doesn’t have the same theme if you will as Biofinity it’s not going to have the margin. But I think the startup cost associated with getting into the relaunching Avaira Toric as well as startup cost of answering the 1 Day silicon hydrogel market, which from the get go is not going to be much of a gross margin to talk about at all. And as I think Greg alluded enough to the fact that you do start off a very steep curve in terms of high cost and then you work it down over a period of literally years. That’s the fact he did mention that we are now going to go through a startup phase or Biofinity in Puerto Rica so we have basically given the size of that product have decided to bite the bullet and go through a startup. It’s at a remote location compared to where all our other Biofinity is made, so there will be a cost on that. Those costs will be directly impacting the next three quarters. So I think what I will let Greg ask or clarify anything else and then respond on the tax side.
Bob Weiss: On the silicon hydrogel there are going to be cost it’s not going to be a high gross margin to get. And it’s I would say the technology we are using to make it is a somewhat a known commodity. So that will be somewhat controlled in that sense and we are not trying to go aggressively into the market in fact I should have been clear if I wasn’t that it is a limited launch we are talking about it’s not going to be a global launch. I didn’t get into where and for to keep the competition guessing we are not going to say where, but the risk of startup cost being well beyond what we expect I think is steadily limited and controlled. Some of those other startup costs there is no doubt I think Greg when he gave his guidance on gross margin 62.5 I think to 63 kind of tells us we are what we expect will happen as we flush that into the P&L over the last three quarters if you will.
Bob Weiss: Well with that I thank everyone for joining us in today’s call. Hopefully, you are pleased as we were with the results of the quarter and the progress we are making towards exploiting our family of products around the world, both gaining market share as well as successes in women’s healthcare. So with that we look forward to talking to you in June.
