Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Our fourth quarter consolidated revenues increased 5% year-over-year or 3% in constant currency to $681 million. Consolidated gross margin increased 50 basis points year-over-year to 67.8%. This improvement was driven by strength in CooperSurgical with higher margin PARAGARD and fertility consumable products performing extremely well along with favorable currency. Moving forward, we are in excellent shape to continue delivering solid gross margins. We completed our manufacturing restructuring activity in Q1, so we are well positioned for the current environment along with being ready to efficiently ramp up quickly as demand continues to rebound. We still have absorption-related inefficiencies, but we expect those to go away with sales growth. OpEx was up only 2.1% year-over-year as we kept expenses under control. This resulted in consolidated operating margins of 26.9%, up nicely from 25% last year. This performance exceeded expectations and we expect to continue posting strong results, balancing expense control against investment opportunities that we see within our business, particularly within myopia management. Interest expense for the quarter was $6.4 million driven by lower rates and lower average debt, and the effective tax rate was 11.3%. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.17 with roughly 49.7 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was solid at $92 million comprised of $148 million of operating cash flow offset by $56 million of CapEx. Net debt increased slightly to $1.7 billion, while our adjusted leverage ratio decreased to 2.1x with improving EBITDA. And finally, we repurchased $25 million worth of stock this past quarter at an average price of $357 per share. In addition to our strong operational performance, we completed several tuck-in acquisitions recently. During the quarter, we acquired Embryo Options to add a cryo-storage software solution to our fertility portfolio, allowing clinics to automate the management of cryo-preserved embryos, eggs, and sperm. The business did $4.7 million in sales last year and added $500,000 in revenue in our Q1. Within CooperVision, as Al mentioned, we acquired the remaining 80% stake of SightGlass Vision in January for $41 million in cash plus aggregate potential earnouts of up to $139 million based on revenue milestones and regulatory approvals. After the close of the quarter, we entered into an agreement to form a 50-50 joint venture with EssilorLuxottica that we hope to close soon. Also, subsequent to quarter end, we closed two more tuck-in deals at CooperSurgical. The first was AEGEA Medical, a pre-revenue manufacturer of an in-office water vapor ablation system that will launch shortly. And Safe Obstetric Systems, owner of Fetal Pillow, a balloon device used during C-sections to make the delivery less traumatic for the mother and baby. The business did $4.4 million in sales last year, and we purchased it for $52 million in cash, plus a potential earnout of up to $14 million. Before moving to guidance, you will note in our earnings release that our GAAP earnings were much higher than our non-GAAP. This is directly tied to the tax item I discussed last quarter where CooperVision's intellectual property and related assets were transferred to the UK in November 2020. For non-GAAP purposes, we adjusted for this activity and we will continue doing so moving forward. Moving to guidance. We continue to monitor and evaluate the scope, duration and impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and financial results. While we still view resurgences as a significant risk factor, our visibility has improved, so we are now providing full-year 2021 guidance to provide a better feel for our expected upcoming performance, including our anticipated myopia management investments. The guidance includes consolidated revenues of $2.8 billion to $2.845 billion, up 15% to 17%, or up 12% to 14% in constant currency. With CooperVision revenues of $2.090 billion to $2.120 billion, up 13% to 15%, or up 9% to 11% in constant currency and CooperSurgical revenues of $710 million to $725 million, up 21% to 23%, or 19% to 22% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $12.90 to $13.10. Lastly, on free cash flow, we now expect to approach $500 million this year as operating cash flow improves and CapEx reduces. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Yes. Good question, Jon. We’re happy with the way OpEx played out. Obviously, we're doing a good job controlling expenses. When we guided last quarter, we talked about sort of what was going to be driving the guide and that was sort of FX favorability and then interest and tax is offsetting one another. And so the operational beat was strong. And when you look at our OpEx going forward with respect to the new guidance, there's certainly obviously going to be MiSight spend or myopia management spend, I should say. And then we're also going to be investing throughout OpEx as we see opportunities where we're going to be launching products, we're going to be expanding throughout the world, and we want to make sure that we're doing the right things within sales and marketing and promotions and so forth to fuel the growth that we see coming. So you'll see that kind of pick up a little bit, but we're still going to be mindful about controlling costs.
Brian Andrews: Sure. Yes. Sure, Jeff. Yes, for the full-year, I would expect interest expense is going to be down from last year, probably in the neighborhood of $23 million. Your tax rate – tax rate is going to bounce around a little bit, but I'd say it's probably going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of 12.5%. As it relates to FX for the quarter, FX to revenues was $15.9 million and it was $0.20 favorable EPS.
Brian Andrews: Yes. Sure, Steven. Not too different from Q1 really. You're going to have obviously FX and product mix that might move it around, a little bit of manufacturing-related absorption, that's volume-driven. So as sales pick up, that stuff starts to go away. But I'd say we'd probably bounce around pretty close to where we landed on Q1 throughout the year probably landing somewhere even in that neighborhood between sort of 67.5% to 68% gross margins once we get through the year.
Brian Andrews: Yes. I mean, Al, talked about just the topline, obviously, we expect to see a sequential revenue growth. I mentioned gross margins already. I'm not going to get into too much detail about the quarters beyond that. We gave full-year guidance and it bounced around a little bit, but we'll have strong results. But I'm just going to stick with your guidance.
Albert White: Yes. Larry, it is silicone hydrogel-driven. It goes back to MyDay maybe more than anything. I mean, clariti is certainly doing fine. But we're capacity constrained as you know on MyDay for quite a while. And the demand on that product has been really strong. Now that we're finally no longer capacity constrained, we're able to launch it around the world, the sphere, we're getting the toric out around the world and just being able to provide the product, a high-demand product that's out there. So there's no question MyDay sphere and toric is driving a lot of that strength.
Albert White: Yes. That's a good question. I mean, I think part of that is just we're continuing to see an acceleration in interest and activity around the world, including here in the U.S. I mean, if you look at $3 million as an example, because of the way things get accounted for, right? I mean, the U.S. was only about $100,000 of that. So you can imagine what's coming in the U.S. market. Now that we're no longer giving product away for free, I mean, I think we're somewhere around 3,000, maybe a little bit over 3,000 certified fitters right now, tons of activity with the organizations, with the colleges, with fitters, ramping up volumes. We're seeing – we've had great success with our launches right now in Russia and Taiwan. Other activity going on, including discussions with retailers and buying groups right now who are looking at figuring out ways to get MiSight into their organizations to do in more of a bulk manner, if you will. So just a lot of momentum in a lot of different areas makes us optimistic. And we see that every single month. We saw more of that in February. So certainly continuing to move in the right direction with MiSight.
Albert White: Yes. So probably typical stuff, right? I mean, usually, Q1 is our lowest and Q2 is a little better, and then we kind of accelerate up in Q3 and Q4. I think we have the opportunity. We don't have it in our guidance really, but we have the opportunity, I think, for a stronger back half of the year, when you look at back-to-school activity. I mean, you look at here in California as an example, kids haven't been to school in-person in a year. So when you have back-to-school activity, you're going to have kids, not only the kids who would normally be coming in, having problems, seeing the blackboard, so to speak. But you're going to have all the kids that should've had it addressed last year because kids are working on video screens and things that are right in front of their faces now. So I do think that there's a potential certainly for pent-up demand, if you will, or kind of a boom or something like that with back-to-school activity being in-person. But that's on the come and I hope that happens. We're not really counting on that. We’re trying to build that into our guidance. But we are seeing new fits continue to improve. Demand is there. We're seeing that on a global basis. I don't want to get into quarters, but – or months, but I mean, I will say February grew. So CooperVision grew in February, which was another good positive step in the right direction.
Albert White: Sure. Yes. With respect to China, we're continuing to have conversations on the regulatory front there. We'll see. Not too much to update on that. I mean, still I would kind of say cautious optimism that we get approval at some point here this year, but still some decent work to do on that. With respect to Essilor and the JV. I mean, Essilor is a great company. We have a great relationship with those guys. We're starting that myopia management journey together, if you will. They have a spectacle in the market. We obviously have a lot of products in the market between Ortho K and MiSight. Coming together on SightGlass Vision should be a home run. We’re of a like mindset of wanting to be really successful there. Ultimately does that JV expand and include other things, potentially, we'll see how that plays out. I mean, right now there's so much activity and we're having so much success that we have our hands full certainly. But if it makes sense, if it makes strategic sense, it's something we would evaluate certainly.
Albert White: Sure. I mean, first of all, I would say that our growth outside of the U.S. was 80% or so, so I mean, you're talking about the vast majority of that $3 million sales was outside of the U.S. growing somewhere in the 80-plus percent kind of range. We're getting good growth here in the Americas. When you look at somewhere like Canada, we're just at the very early stages here in the U.S. of a lot of the revenue recognition. So we have thousands of kids, couple of thousand or more wearing the lens right now. So I think if we continue to be successful here in the U.S., that's great and we will continue to be successful. I mean, I see the numbers, I see the ramps coming. I see the fittings all the way through February here. I see the revenues moving up nicely, all that kind of stuff. But I would not diminish outside of the U.S. I mean, whatever it was $2.9 million, growing 80% and accelerating. So that's going to drive a lot of the growth.
Albert White: Got you. Yes. I mean, some of that goes to like, if you would have just done annual purchases or have sold those products in the U.S., it would have been like $600,000 in sales or something like that for the quarter. It would have been much, much higher. So if you kind of go back in time and you look over it, right, you're talking about like, for this quarter as an example for us, because of the fiscal quarter was November, December, January, right? So you can imagine that's a little bit of a struggle anyways. That's why our sales are lower, right? You have optometry offices closed. You have the holidays, you have everything going on. You're trying to fit a brand new thing here. So we were pretty happy that the $3 million exceeded our expectations. That rollouts continuing to happen. You're getting docs fit. They're outfitting patients. They’re getting more comfortable about it. They're learning about it. People around the world are hearing more about it. So you're going to continue to progress on that. And the $25 million is not requiring something crazy, right? Like, let's just say, it goes to $4.5 million as an example in Q2. And then it moves up towards $6.5 million, $7 million, something like that. And then $10 million, $11 million, $12 million, something like that. I mean, it's a pretty decent just normal kind of progression as we move through. And we have pretty decent visibility on that to be comfortable around that. The next year, right, the $50 million, if we're doing $25 million plus this year, you definitely become more comfortable with $50 million, especially when you're comping against having given a lot of product away for free.
Albert White: Yes. I would say we're starting to see the early signs of that, but not very much yet. Yes, I'm thinking off the top of my head. We had like 20% of docs who are fitting MiSight basically don't fit any CooperVision products. So we're definitely making progress, getting to know a lot of these doctors’ better, building relationships and so forth, all that kind of stuff. So I would be really hard pressed to think that we're not going to get synergies, so to speak from MiSight. I wouldn't say we're getting too much yet because we're really, really focused on MiSight rather than cross-selling a lot of other products into those offices right now, but we will do that.
Albert White: Yes. You're right on SightGlass, right? You get young kids who are going to want to wear glasses and their parents are going to want them to wear glasses are going to be more comfortable with that, or think that, hey, my child can't handle contact lenses at this age. So I want to get them in treatment. I need to get them in treatment, but I'm more comfortable with glasses. So you're spot on there. Then you'll get some of that at young ages, five, six, seven years old. And you'll probably get a little bit of that also, if you even get into maybe eight, nine, 10-year olds and so forth, and then kids will want the contact lens at least that's been our experience so far. So that's why I keep saying, hey, I think the combination of those two together is really a powerful tool. When you look at outside of the U.S. kind of Canada, some of the markets where we've been selling MiSight for awhile. We're not seeing a lot of dropouts. We're seeing the kids come in and a very significant portion of those kids stay in and continue to purchase supplies after a year. The one kind of need thing we're starting to see in some of those more developed markets where we've had the product right now for a little while is a quite a bit more interest from some of the retailers about looking at it and saying, hey, we want to take some of our retail operations and open up myopia management segments to the stores and so forth. So we want to trial that, we want to see if we can really make this work. We see these independents having a lot of success and really growing, is there some way we could bring that into our operations. So we're having a lot of those discussions. As I mentioned, we've just entered into a 70-store trial to kick some of that activity off. And we have a number of other discussions that are going on right now.
Albert White: Yes. So short answer on that is yes. We've done a lot of work in that business, as you know, back office manufacturing, distribution, we just made a couple moves. Holly got there, what, six, seven, eight months ago or something, has made some great moves. Mark Valentine’s taken over running commercial there. Some of the other folks who have moved up recently, I'm really excited about where we're at. We're taking market share. We're really well positioned. I think you're going to continue to hear me talk about taking market share and better growth. I know we don't spend a lot of time talking about surgical, but posting 7% growth for this kind of quarter, it does not – without channel fill or anything, that's demand on those products and patient flow and so forth and market share gains. That's a pretty damn good quarter that we just had, and I would envision more of that coming.
Albert White: Yes. It's interesting in Asia, I mean that market is going to come back and it's going to come back really strong. I really believe that and we're trying to position ourselves perfectly for that, right. We're getting my – we have MyDay in Japan, we got the toric roll-on, we got clariti, right. That's – it's going to be a great market for clariti, rolling out into Japan. In some of the other countries, we have stuff going on. But you still have COVID and that's one of the things, right. Like everybody's kind of like tired of it and I get it. I am too, like everyone else is. But you still have the challenges out there. There is a lot of areas within Asia Pac where the optometry offices are in malls, right. And mall traffic is still really low. That's what I was talking about as vaccines start coming out. You're going to see increased foot traffic in places like malls and so forth. That's going to help a lot. So I do think we're going to continue to see consistent improvement in Asia Pac because we're starting to see things open up there, we're starting to get a little bit better. So I envisioned consistent improvement. And at some point that market going back to what it was kind of pre-COVID, if you will, and leading the world in terms of growth.
Albert White: Yes. It's a little tough because we're early stage on that kind of stuff. I mean the myopia management market right now, when you start looking at glasses being added into it, is well north of $5 billion. It's going to be a big market. I really believe that. I know people go back and forth on the ultimate size. But right now it's a little hard to fine tune. But ultimately it's going to be well north of $5 billion.
Albert White: Yes. So I think on the contact lens one, what we're seeing right now, what our surveys are showing is that contact lenses will play a bigger part of the myopia management market than they do in general for vision correction and part of that is certainly tied to the efficacy that we see, right. You put a contact lens and you're getting the full treatment a 100% of the time, right. Kids can take glasses off. They can do a variety of things with glasses, right. So when you're talking about a treatment, you want that full treatment at all times. So our work and our interaction with optometrists and survey work and so forth shows that you're going to see contact lenses being a greater percent usage than what we're used to seeing. Having said that, I happen to still believe that there's a big part of the market that's going to want to wear glasses and parents are going to be more comfortable putting their kids into glasses. So that'll be bigger. That's – maybe that's 60% of the market or something like that ultimately. And PARAGARD, yes, we're doing some advertising there. There's some new advertising that's coming out. Nothing I would go crazy about for anybody. I mean, we've been spending kind of a similar amount of money in the last couple years, and I would expect that again in terms of spend, which means more dollars flow into the bottom line. The one thing I would say about PARAGARD is, we grew, what 16%. It was a strong quarter. I would expect us to continue to have strong growth and we're going to have really strong growth in the next couple of quarters because we really didn't have sales in April and May. The health and wellness kind of trends that we're seeing out there that are helping to drive like daily SiHy, they're helping to drive PARAGARD also. So there's more interest out there right now tied to that. So we'll see how some of that plays out. But at this time, I kind of wouldn't lead you to believe anything different from the spending perspective, but I'm optimistic from a revenue perspective. That's for sure.
Albert White: Yes. I won't get too much into particulars. I will say that, we are doing a lot of R&D work right now in the myopia management space in terms of different kinds of contacts and different technology around those contact lenses. And we're going to have some exciting stuff that we're going to keep rolling out. I mean, we're not just MiSight and done. There's more coming, certainly in more technology, more intellectual property that we're filing to do our best obviously to put ourselves in the best position possible within myopia management in total and that includes within the spectacle space. So more to come on that, but we're definitely doing clinical work behind the scenes if you will.
Albert White: Yes. So you've got the Q1 beat, obviously, to roll in. You've got about something like $9 million that will roll in because of the acquisitions. And then you've got the remaining part is operational upside. A little bit more on the fertility side probably than the base biz. I think base biz is kind of a lot of core medical device products, probably low single-digits. PARAGARD is going to remain strong. And then fertility is continuing to outperform. There's a lot of pent-up demand in fertility. So that's being addressed. And when you combine the addressing of that pent-up demand, that's currently occurring in some markets and you layer in markets like India and others that are still not open. You're going to continue to get outsized gains in fertility. So that's kind of the combination of things to get there.
Albert White: That's a good question. I think for the next couple of years as MiSight kind of moves to that $25 million to $50 million to $100 million to $200 million plus, you're looking at investment dollars associated with that and we'll start to get some leverage from that certainly, as we start – as we move into next year and the following year. But that's a high margin product, high gross margin that will have high operating margins. So once that stops being a drag, if you will, and starts turning to be a positive, the rest of the business is pretty good. I mean, you see what's going on with surgical right now that that part of the business becoming a little bigger, it has higher gross margins and great operating margins, the core CooperVision business has good margins and should continued to be solid if you will, with an add-on from MiSight. So I think if I was looking out, what I’d say, hey, we're going to – the contact lens market is going to come back and go back to its normal 5% to 6% growth. I think you're going to see us continuing to take share off that plus myopia management on top of that. So I would expect some pretty good numbers if you're doing an LRP going out four or five years.
Albert White: Yes. It's a good question, right. I mean, when we look at it, we almost do it by market, if you will, right. So you could see, okay, what we're doing in Russia, Russia should be a very large market for myopia management. We just launched there, we’re in that ramp phase there, we see how well things are going, we see how well the fits are going. And we can calibrate that back to a place like Canada, where we're having a lot of success in Canada back to Spain where we're having a lot of success. So we kind of take the numbers that we've already seen in some markets. And we say, okay, in these new markets, if they grow similar to what we've seen in other markets, this is kind of what we're looking at. And that's how we build those numbers that you're referencing, right to $25 million to $50 million to $100 million. Hey, we're just going to continue to perform like we've been performing in spots where we've launched the product, where I think we have some additional upside to that ends up being with these – the retailers and the buying groups. Because right now, you're talking largely independent optometrists who are really grabbing a hold of this product and really excited about it. If you start rolling that into some of these bigger retailers or these bigger buying groups who grab a hold of it and want to push it, then I think you have upside to those numbers. But basically, to go back to answer a little simply, we're just taking our historical success rates and rolling those out and that's what we're seeing, right. We see that on a monthly basis in Taiwan and Russia, and here in the U.S., and in the Nordic region and so forth.
Albert White: Yes. Good question, Jeff. Yes, you're right. We kind of went back and forth a little bit here. Should we give annual guidance? I know a lot of people are not. Should we give a quarter? What should we do? At the end of the day, we feel like we have decent visibility on our business right now and the direction we're going. So we decided to give the annual guidance. I think that – maybe I'll answer it this way, when you're giving annual guidance and you're still in a pandemic, it's probably prudent to be a little conservative.
Albert White: Sure. Yes, I'll take that second one, Robbie. There are no more constraints, so we're out of the woods, if you speak, so to speak on that. Brian had mentioned kind of we finished the restructuring activity that we needed to do, we've ramped up product manufacturing and so forth. So we're in good shape on that and do not have constraints anymore. So I'm very happy to say that. On a competitive environment, yes, I mean, you know our space, we have good competitors out there and big guys out there who we go against, two are launching products. And I talked about this in the past, we're doing the same. I think we're more active than our competitors in terms of our product launch activity. It's interesting because you guys have heard about MyDay for a long time. But we haven't been in a position where we've been able to put it out there really, right. We've been capacity constrained on like a MyDay toric. So to us at times it feels like it's a brand new launch, even though it's been around for a little while. So yes, I mean good competitors with good products and they're doing some good things out there. I think we are too, and I think we're probably a little bit more active than they are on a global basis. So not too much to add other than that. I mean, you go back to pre-COVID and the industry was growing to 5% to 6%, and we were taking a little bit of share. And I think that's ultimately where we're going to go. The growth rates are obviously going to be a lot higher than that because of the cost. But you know what I mean the core growth rate is that's kind of what we're looking at.
Albert White: Yes. It's a good question. Right now, MyDay has pulled ahead and MyDay toric is certainly doing very well. Clariti is still growing, but MyDay is in high demand around the world and especially the toric. The only thing I would add, as Japan's big daily market and the clariti is going to go in there now, and that's our usual kind of two-tier strategy where MyDay is kind of the more premium product and clariti will be the mass market daily silicone option there. And that should do fairly well there. So I would expect that to be kind of “free growth” if you will, for us in that marketplace. So clariti growing, it'll continue to grow. And I think that'll juice it up a little bit more. I don’t know if it ends up at – I mean MyDay toric is doing really well. And the demand for that is really, really strong. I don't see that change. And so regardless it's good, right. I mean, at the end of the day, it's a kind of a high, low strategy with both of them doing well, so.
Albert White: Yes. It's a tough one. I think fits up and down, kind of people talk about consumption and so forth. And each period is a little unique right now because of what's happened with COVID and you can see fitting is improving right now. So it's a little tough to go back and say, they're looking like calendar Q4 because October, November, December was so different than the world that we're in today where we're clearly seeing improvement across the Board on that stuff. So to me it's a little hard to answer. I think that consumption has been strong. I look at it more on a global basis than anything, so I don't see too much going on because of that kind of activity. I mean, I'm probably a little bit more optimistic, if anything, that we're going to see an increase in fit activity as kids start back-to-school activity, all that kind of stuff that I am concerned about any fit activity over the last three or six months.
Albert White: Great. Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone. Appreciate the time. As we've talked about, we started the year up really well. We're optimistic about the future and so forth. So thanks for the time and look forward to talking to you again in three months. Thanks.
