Bob Weiss: Yes. The foreign exchange, as Greg indicated, is a big driver of the topline overall improvement. In terms of the constant currency growth, you are correct, there is a modest - in the guidance, there is a modest deceleration compared to what we had previously forecasted to anticipate if you will some impact of the J&J rollout. Beyond that, it’s pretty much in the same range at the 5.5% to 7%. So modest at both. MyDay impact in Japan is, once again, we just rolled that product out in March of this year, so fairly minimal impact in terms of the overall any update on the guidance if you will. And of course we already knew about MyDay in Japan in our previous March guidance.
Bob Weiss: Yes. I think taking the two quarters, the 7 and 13 being in around low double-digit is the right way to think about it.
Bob Weiss: And keep in mind, Jeff that it’s a balance between - some of that is write-off as Greg indicated, some of it is idle equipment as we grow into it. So we’re growing, given the substantial growth of our one-day modality and our unit growth, we’re anticipating that we’ll start consuming more and more of that as each quarter goes by. But that $30 million overall is both write-off as well as idle.
Bob Weiss: Well, without knowing exactly what J&J is up to, well, in hindsight, we know what they did is they filled the pipeline a lot and then we sought their negative US results in the most recent quarter. So no one is saying they can't do that again. Having said that, this is a product coming in to the monthly modality. It’s basically coming in with only a fear not at all in multifocal. So it’s not a family of products going against a family of products. And that is a big distinction as contrasted to the pipeline dragging everything in under one umbrella as they did their whole family of products and going after a Sphere. In that case, it was always one day going against total one primarily in that space, but it consumed - it took all the year out of the practitioners office if you will, or filled up all the space and there clearly is no guarantee they wouldn't try sliding the market again. As far as the way we think about it longer term, Biofinity is a very established product, wherein we continue to expand the offerings under that umbrella. It's a very global product and it’s one where, it’s fit in the monthly and we also have a very splashed vitality coming out in the two-week, which is the sweet spot of the market in terms of the number of wares. There are more wares in the two-week part of the market than there are in the monthly. Quite frankly, as some of you know, I always tend to do that, it's a good strategy for J&J if they are intent on treating up and basically migrating the non-compliant ware base they have in the two-week space into a complaint monthly modality that would be a good trade up in modalities, because they are non-compliant where is one who is basically only using 24 lenses a year compared to a monthly using 24 and conversely they are getting the price point of a two-week wear, and that’s pretty big part of that two-week modality. So we think we will continue to see that market growth monthly and we will get our fair share of Biofinity. In the meantime, we will be more active down the road in the two-week space, and we are basically neutralized for the most part.
Bob Weiss: Yes, so to qualify as idle, it’s basically been put in production and then is taken out of production. So I will answer the question with a little color. It could be very new equipment that was put in production, example our facility in Hungary where they got real good at making it and all of a sudden, we parked the equipment because some many - so much product was coming off of the other line. So as yields go up and costs are coming down, that’s good news. The bad news is, if you put equipment that you are using and you idle it, it becomes a direct period charge as opposed to moving through with the inventory.
Bob Weiss: So what happened is our manufacturing people got very good at what they were doing. We always knew that if we - that they would deliver. We just didn’t know how well they would deliver. So delivering a lot more units per dollar spent on capital, that’s the good news, but it also turned short-term into the bad news. As I think Greg indicated, we will grow out of that fairly quickly when you look at the rapid unit growth in many of these areas where we have become very efficient, and that includes MyDay, that includes Biofinity, that includes Avaira, that includes Vitality and that includes Clariti in the bucket. All of those products became - the costs are going down through efficiencies and yields by our manufacturing people.
Bob Weiss: Well, you can see some of the numbers we’re putting up in the region, and Japan has certainly been stellar within that region also. Right now, we have a good portfolio of three products with MyDay being the third one in, but Biofinity is doing very well, ProClear 1 day is doing very well, as well now MyDay. We will be - we are only a month and a half into the launch if you will through the end of April and very pleased with the progress we are making. It’s the biggest market by far in terms of the 1 day modality over any place in the world, and therefore, MyDay is a very good fit in a very good market, and we think that the combination of MyDay as a silicon hydrogel and ProClear 1 day as a hydrogel will be - is a good entrée into that market. Also in the phase, Japan has been historically pretty lethargic the last I want to say 7, 8 years, it’s showing a little bit more life than it has, and the only reason it’s been lethargic is because it grew so rapidly in the prior decade compared to this decade. It got ahead of itself on the 1 day modality became the first to adopt that because they were very anti-lens care regimens and wanted the lenses to be boiled and therefore everyone migrated into the 1 day modality rather than boiling lenses every day. So I will just say that, we are pretty excited about MyDay there. It’s going to take some work. It’s only a sphere thus far, so there will be other plans relative to how to leverage the MyDay experience.
Bob Weiss: So I think it’s a combination. I think the air that left the room is now back in the room of the eye care professional, he has room for products and so it’s more normalized in that sense, and that’s obvious from the weak numbers that J&J put up domestically and now Alcon put up numbers worldwide. We relative to our products I think I will make a point in saying that our numbers that we put up is not a function of any pricing or anything to do with channel fill. So it’s a good quarter. The inventory on hand at distributors and the pipeline is very normalized, in fact it’s a little less than it was at the beginning of the period. So it’s a reflection of pretty solid numbers around the world.
Bob Weiss: So I think the split between Clariti and MyDay, it’s easier to relate in the US. The US is going to be primarily where Clariti is after the mass market and MyDay is after the premium market. I would have normally said - think of that as like a three - 75% mass market, 25% premium market. And I think that’s the US portion of the model. I think when you get into certain regions in the world, example Japan, where only MyDay is playing then - so if you’re factoring that into the overall global results, you will end up what MyDay outgrowing because it’s coming off of a lower base and it’s just getting into Japan at least for the foreseeable future outgrowing as a percent getting more of its share of the bucket. So instead of saying 75-25, MyDay may move up that spectrum and get a higher portion in the interim. When Clariti is available throughout Asia-Pac and around the world that may come back more into the mass market premium split. But for now, one point is we are not capacity constraint on either of these products. We will continue in the case of MyDay expanding the portfolio offering. So that will help. Right now, with Sphere competing with Clariti, which has a Sphere, a multifocal and a toric and that will weigh more towards the Clariti piece. Relative to margins, we will continue to focus in from a pricing point of view being keenly aware of that two tiered market, the premium market, which we will call the players there as in the US clearly Total1, Oasis and MyDay and TruEye is the other one that’s kind of there in that space, but Oasis will consume more and more of TruEye. And in the mass market then Clariti remains the only game in town relative to a silicon hydrogel in the 1 day mass market. So then it’s a function of watching the migration of hydrogels into the silicon hydrogel space in that mass market arena. Cost of goods, gross margins, we expect - as we have indicated in the past to have our 1 day silicon hydrogel franchise and most notably Clariti, not a drag on our overall gross margin. For the next several years anyway, MyDay is ramping up the learning curve moving very nicely and I would say, the indicator of some of the idling and the indicator of us having enough MyDay capacity is just how well that’s ramping up as it ramps up cost of goods come down to the yields and efficiencies. So we are very pleased with that and we expect more than - currently more than 50% out of MyDay as we get down the road a couple of years.
Bob Weiss: So relative to Asia-Pac, I would emphasize that the numbers you see are very little to do with MyDay. It’s very early in the game, so it didn’t - so the strength you’re seeing there is just how well some of the geographic expansion is going, how well Japan is going ex-MyDay and then the MyDay launch. But it is not the driver of that 18%, which - and MyDay was only launched mid-March, so really it’s only got a month and a half in Japan in that period, in the quarter. Relative to what to expect in that region, we certainly expect continued robust numbers out of Asia-Pac for the foreseeable future. Number one, we are under-indexed; number two, we are delivering a lot of these new products, Clariti coming into more and more of Asia-Pac and of course MyDay, which we talked about. So we are pretty optimistic that we will see continued strength in that market. Relative to surgical and 6% to 8%, a lot of that growth is a reflection of, number one, the emphasis on really selling the product and the global realignment with the selling effort. We have some obviously even some good products in the surgical side that are driving organic growth there. The acquisitions we made are the expectation there, clearly is double-digit in many of those acquisitions. So we expect to drive a lot of the genetic testing and surround the IVF process so that we are the key player that the IVF centers are engaging with and we're pretty optimistic about that and obviously the last two quarters have indicated, it’s a pretty successful strategy. Going forward, the 6 to 8 reflects some of the more recent acquisitions having more organic topline growth potential than our historic legacy products within CooperSurgical.
Bob Weiss: Sure, product relative to the enhancements that we made to Clariti, I think you’ve seen the overall silicon hydrogel sale one-day numbers were 52% growth. So suffice it to say the enhancement as well as of course we had some activity in the fourth quarter regarding our integration process in Europe that caused some bumps then, but suffice it to say we’re running on all cylinders now with Clariti in the marketplace and the enhancement has certainly been beneficial in that process. As far as UPP and the market, 3% growth in the market is much as anything is probably much more influenced by the J&J cycle that they put the market through with a strong market two quarters ago. And that followed by basically a void in the US in this quarter. So we are not for that would be more normalized. The trailing four quarters is a much better gauge that is approaching 5% worldwide. Relative to the US and UPP and whether or not there is any pricing post UPP or a decline in pricing, I would say that certainly I know that some vendors may have or retailers may have altered J&J prices but by and large the market has continued to drive itself the way it has in the past, pricing is not really a factor it's all about trading up and shelf space and first fits and it remains that way. The focus on getting a new fit in the marketplace or where you have a new product, trying to get a conversion onto your products. There is a fair amount stickiness to most of these products, so I would say the real driver of your product doing well is the new fit arena is a big contributor. Pricing to me this market has traded up for 30 years and it continues to do a phenomenal job. And over that 30 years there has been but maybe one or two price skirmishes. UPP was a fairly shallow attempt at a marketing strategy that was obviously beneficial to the independent compared to the retailers whether or not it was worth anything can be continued to be debated, there is obviously a lot of emotion on both sides of the table on that in the marketplace. But if UPP went away tomorrow, it would not be the end of the world, if it stays where it is, it's okay also. So I don't see it as a material catalyst one way or the other in the marketplace.
Bob Weiss: Yes, the overall market in Japan is around $1.2 billion at the current exchange rate, would have been a lot bigger than that but obviously the yen kept sliding against the dollar for a number of years. Of that $1.2 billion basically two thirds, over 60% is in the one-day modality. And our share in that market is still very under-indexed in that market, so our overall market share worldwide this most recent quarter 23% worldwide, we are well in the mid-teens at best in Japan in that space.
Bob Weiss: Yes, I think I mentioned a comment a while ago that relative to the quality of *was pricing or any pricing influencing or was pipeline influencing the answer is no, in fact our pipeline, the inventory on hand was slightly better than at the beginning of the period in both cases kind of where we wanted. So, the drawdown, the inventory drawdown or the pipeline is where we wanted.
Bob Weiss: Well, we won’t obviously get into a lot of color on what's in the pipeline but suffice it to say we are focused in on rounding out the portfolio in front of the IVF centers, it is a boutique area where there are little things out there to continue to buy up and so don't be surprised if we don’t continue to have some acquisitions on a go-forward basis.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us, hopefully everyone is excited about our quarterly results as we are pleased about them. Not only are we pleased where we’ve been but very optimistic about where we’re going as I think you would see from the guidance that Greg talked to. Yes, we have some short-term challenges with idle capacity, it’s a silver lining problem because it means that to some degree our capital requirements go on a go-forward basis will be somewhat less certainly than they have been in the past. So we look forward to updating you on our continued progress on our next quarterly call which is September 1 I believe. Thank you that concludes operator.
Greg Matz: Yes. Matt, on the free cash flow, nothing really jumps out. The number isn’t that far off of the prior year and we did have a much stronger Q1. So as you look at kind of halfway through the year, we’re actually probably ahead of where we were last year.
Greg Matz: Yes, Jeff, it's probably a little early to get into next year's guidance, which we would come out later in the year and discuss.
Greg Matz: Yes. And Jeff, just to build on that a little bit, I think without giving guidance, I think we feel comfortable that we would see gross margins improve year-over-year.
Greg Matz: Anthony, this is Greg, so on the Ciba royalty it did role off within the quarter, we are not really providing any kind of color on the rate itself. Again, we talked about that over the last couple of years that we have obligations in not disclosing that rate and so from that perspective we probably can't share that.
