Bob Weiss: Obviously we came out real strong at the end of the fourth quarter, indicative of the fact that our franchise products, [unintelligible], exceeding $100 million in revenue for silicon hydrogel lenses in total for the quarter. And keep in mind that the monthly - as I’ve always said, when you look at gross margins, monthly is our area for high gross margins and high profits - so we’ve had a lot of our growth, which if you also reflect on the fact that foreign exchange weakened, therefore the amount of money we delivered in constant currency was a very robust quarter, very solid gross margins because of product mix.  We’re continuing to expect that Biofinity will continue to ramp up nicely. We have the capacity. So I guess I would credit, number one, why do we sound more bullish? Number one, this is the first time we have given guidance. Two, I’ve indicated we expected to grow earnings per share at double digit, in that range. The only area we’re taking a little money off the table, quite frankly, is we are investing, and will continue to invest, in sales force expansion, and we will continue, as we had indicated, we are going to go more aggressively into China in terms of making an investment there.  So the underlying assumption in our guidance is for investment in China, to a degree, and strong continuation of Biofinity, which has stellar operating profits, contributions, with it. 
Bob Weiss: Well, that is one long question. [laughter] I guess I don’t want to get too far into all of the details and tactics other than to say we obviously we were pleased with the outcome of no 483s in our two plants that have undergone that. And I’m not going to say we were pleased with the outcome in our distribution center, but if I said there’s good news, the good news is the distribution center, which doesn’t have all the technical nuances, clearly, that managing our plants do.  So, as I think we indicated, and I indicated in my comments, we think we’ve really had our arms around where we need to get to, both as to, if you will, addressing the FDA, where we’re working with them. It’s not like we’re battling them. We’re moving forward. There is a tie-in with obviously our expectation to get Avaira Toric back out onto the market. Yes, it does take a special, or some type of filing, 510K, and we expect at this point in time, that we’ll be able to get back on the market by mid-fiscal year. So that is built into our assumptions, and keep in mind the plant in Puerto Rico makes both the Avaira Toric and all the high-volume Spheres, so the fact that we’ve been cleared on that side, that plant, and I don’t want to overstate what no comments means, relative to the regulatory process, but we factored where we think we are in the process into our guidance numbers and our expectation going forward.  I think beyond that I really don’t want to get into a lot of nuances dealing with the recall, emphasizing that Avaira Toric was less than 1% of our revenue. It doesn’t warrant as much time and airtime as it’s been getting. And recognizing that even Avaira Sphere, which continues on the market, we swapped out, that represented less than 1% of our overall revenue. That was the issue of the partial recall.  On the distribution side, I would just say, distribution side is packaging. If you can’t get that fixed, it’s kind of shame on you, so we’re not thinking we can’t be responsive at this juncture.
Bob Weiss: Our plants are certainly running at much better capacity in 2011 than 2010. So we’re starting to see the benefits of the shutdown of Norfolk fully vetted through the quarter. Of course we started seeing that last quarter. We’re seeing the benefits of favorable mix. We think we’ve adequately reserved for those inventory lots that were part of the recall, if you will.  And the fact that we are continuing to make Avaira and ship Avaira, we’re just putting more demand on those units to beat back our inventory, if you will, that is taken out of the pipeline when we had a reserve in aggregate most of the 20 million third quarter and fourth quarter, the Toric and the Sphere. Most of everything we’re talking about is either inventory sitting in our plant or in the pipeline. So we wrote down a lot of inventory and that inventory also needs to be replaced. And when you think about idleness or absorption, then I don’t see that as a major drain going forward. 
Bob Weiss: Once again, I think we’re spending way too much time on 1% of our business. I will say, yes, there is strain on the sales force. There’s no doubt there’s some energy involved in switching out and explaining that. Most of that is right when the announcement happened. So we’ve taken a good chunk of that discussion. Your question about are we converting Avaira Toric to Biofinity Toric, the answer is very successfully so, yes. And that is a positive relative to certainly ARPs and gross margins, not a negative in that sense. That’s maybe the thin silver lining. And I don’t want to overstate the silver lining. But aside from that, we think we have our arms around where we’re going on the way forward. 
Bob Weiss: And on assumptions on revenue, you’re correct. The market decelerated in one quarter to 3%. I think we’re all keenly aware that Europe is maybe taking its turn as far as softening. Could it be down to 3%, which was the worst year, 2009? I suppose, but do I believe it? I’m much more proponent of one quarter does not a trend make. And that’s why we put more weight on trailing 12 months than we do on the quarter. And the trailing 12 months is still 4.3%. And I’m not saying that’s stellar, but it’s in the middle of the great recession, as it’s called. I don’t think that’s all that bad.  I still remain optimistic that 4-6 going forward. I’m pleased with the life we’re seeing come out of Japan. I do think we’ll get more and more momentum in China and Asia. And I don’t think anyone really knows what Europe is going to be about, but the US has kind of held its own nicely. So I’m still a believer the 4-6% is a reasonable range and we’ve hit it pretty well the last four years. I don’t want to be too cavalier but it’s our best estimate. 
Bob Weiss: Well, when it comes to our view on acquisitions in women’s health care, no change there. We’ve been successful, very successful, over the last 35 or so acquisitions we’ve done. Obviously we have the critical mass. We obviously have the balance sheet strength. And there’s no reason to think they can’t continue to handle one to two acquisitions a year. And they had two this past year that for all practical purposes and they’ve done a good chunk of what they plan to do already in those two acquisitions in terms of the integration process. Relative to the third plant, I would say that the people that we have overseeing the manufacturing plants, and I’ll even add that we’ve kind of made a recent organizational change, unrelated to this in terms of overseeing not only manufacturing plants but also our distribution centers, at the senior level. I’m convinced they have their arms around it with a very solid quality assurance team as well as those running the plant.  So what I would say is an A+ relative to how they run the plant, I acknowledge the recall emanated out of there, we can debate that whole process and how that ever happened - and kind of like why are you in medical devices or healthcare at all? We know tough competitors of ours that are part of companies that have in excess of 40 recalls. So that’s just part of the nature of the beast of being in the healthcare arena.  I’m convinced that our people know what they’re doing when it comes to running plants, and good manufacturing processes. So I sleep well at night, generally.
Bob Weiss: You bring up a good point. I probably missed one of the earlier questions that was raised, on how the customers are dealing with it. I think there have been a number of those, including ourselves, that have gone out and sampled the attitude of our customers. We’ve done it. Others have done it.  And all I can say is I think we’ve done as professional a job as we can in dealing with our eye care professionals. Obviously they’re our bread and butter. We’ve taken care of them. A good many of them like the design of the products and have switched over from Avaira Toric to Biofinity.  So I would say there was a substantial amount of those that said, okay, I don’t have Avaira Toric available. I’ll switch over to Biofinity Toric as opposed to going the other way. Some did, in fact, go to Proclear, which is another good design. And yes, we did lose a small portion, and I emphasize a small portion, of where the Toric wearer went. Relative to the Sphere, well, it never really came off the market. We swapped it out. We do have the capacity. So that was less problematic. There were no substantial time delays in getting them swapped. So as a result of that, and keeping the customers fully informed along the way, I think we’ve done a good job of preserving the franchise with minimal damage.  This product, [unintelligible] Avaira Toric, was less than 1% of our revenue and had just been launched. So it wasn’t like it had a substantial amount of wearer base out there that you then had a lot of challenges to deal with. So that minimized it.  How much is built into the 4-6% guidance? Of course that’s the market. We’re more like 6% midpoint for our guidance, 4-8%. And from the point of view of Avaira Toric, it was insignificant last year. It’s insignificant in any guidance in 2012. At the upper end of guidance, it’s in. At the lower end of guidance, it’s not in.
Bob Weiss: The 11% includes about 3% for IME. [unintelligible] more like 8. The 5% for the calendar quarter is actually 5.4% and so when I mentioned that we grew almost 2 times to market - down to a decimal the market was 2.8, we were 5.4. We were about 1.9 times the market in the calendar quarter. We did finish strong. Biofinity, in October, which is off the calendar quarter, was a solid month for Biofinity, and the continued rollout of some of our products. So in that sense the delta between the 5.4% and the 8% for the fiscal quarter, which is the organic constant currency, CooperVision for the fiscal quarter is some to do with that, the [unintelligible].
Bob Weiss: That would translate. If you took the mid, 4-6, that’s five. And you take our mid, 4-8, that’s six. So we’re basically saying we are going to continue to gain market share. We are not in guidance at all assuming we continue to grow at close to 2X the market. In trailing 12 months growth we were at 1.75 the market. So let’s say we’re assuming less robust market share gains, but continuing market share gains. As far as the bottom line is concerned, I said we would grow double digits. Obviously the earnings, and a lot of the assumptions at that point in time was more in and around 420, 425 as opposed to 450, so we’re basically taking a lot of that phenomenal strength in the fourth quarter into next year but the combination of that factor, you’re off of a much higher base, number one. And number two, I mentioned briefly that we’re investing in China. We plan on investing several millions of dollars. We’ll put some weight on opex that will grow next year as well as the bottom line. That is kind of one where there is an element of discretionary about that. The stronger we are on the top line the probably more aggressive we will invest along those lines and in fact that will weight down some of our - it could be - the good news is we grew faster on the top line. The bad news is our operating ratios are a little less because we invest more. It’s that type of thing where we’re going to pay attention to where we are, because we are mindful of our commitment toward the bottom line but we’re also pretty aggressive in our desire to continue to spend money on those things we think have good long term total shareholder return. So we think China does long term, we certainly think sales force expansion does long term. So I think that will probably give you enough color on why a little [unintelligible] the mid of our range a little less than 10%.
Bob Weiss: It’s probably a little less than $10 million. More in the $4-6 million range as a starting in. But quite frankly, and quite honestly, we’re not going to start spending too much until we get some key positions in place, so some of it will be a function of our ability to hire and find the right people. So I’ll be a little - [unintelligible] from Missouri whether or not, even if we tried to spend $10 million, we could spend that much intelligently. So it’s not a fire drill. We’ll do it as we can and as it is prudent. So that’s there, and I think it’s more like $4-6 million than it is $10 million. And what’s built into guidance and the range we gave you, more at midpoint, ballpark around $5 million.  As far as the Ciba dailies, if you see it let me know. I haven’t seen it and quite frankly silicon hydrogel dailies, if we look at the US, I don’t quote HPR data, Health Products Research, too often. It gets into on eye. And if that’s any indication, the on eye experience of silicon hydrogel dailies in the US weakened in the third quarter versus the second quarter, that didn’t look like a growth story to me. And I will continue to be a skeptic on how fast silicon hydrogel dailies will make it. It will, ultimately, if we’re talking 10 years down the road, but I have a feeling most people are not asking questions, what it’s going to be like, in 2022. So more in the next several years. There will be a place for silicon hydrogel dailies, but it will be more nichy than it will be dominant.
Bob Weiss: On revenue, I would say pretty much even over the year. And the reason I say that, because you’re going to have the first six months more to do with the recall related activities and ramping back up and getting back out into the market. So I would normally say you’re right, easier comps first six than the back six. Currency will play a little, particularly in the third quarter.  Next year will be a tougher comp because the dollar was pretty weak in the third quarter and everyone else’s currency was pretty strong in the third quarter. So that will play a little into it, but overall currency next year is pretty much a wash, maybe 1%, based on current rates. Now, we don’t get into, in our guidance we do not assume future rate changes. They’re set where we are today. We don’t get into the betting game.  As far as silicon hydrogel one-day in the US, I mentioned that the fits, both at HPR, health products research, did not increase during the quarter. They decreased. It was already a small part of the US market. So there’s no evidence right now that it, silicon hydrogel, is going anywhere in the US. When it comes to overall single-use lenses, they continue to do very well, both in the US. And that’s probably the one that’s really driving the global growth as much as anything now, is the US market has tremendous potential yet for trading up. And keep in mind the trading up, when it comes to single use, is still 3-5 times more revenue.  So as an industry we like it, particularly because we make a lot of money in that venue of trading up. We do take money away from lens care companies that obviously, if you go to the store and buy lens care products you know how much they charge for a bottle. I know how much they charge for a bottle. Anyway, I’m happy to take the money off the retail store and put it in the eye care professional’s pocket. With that, I think we’ve probably concluded our hour, and I look forward to updating you again in March when we finish our first quarter. I wish everyone a happy new year, and hopefully you’ll enjoy our numbers. Thank you.
