Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al. And good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Fourth quarter consolidated revenues increased 11% year-over-year, and also 11% in constant currency, to $759 million. Consolidated gross margin decreased year-over-year by 20 basis points to 67.5%, driven primarily by currency, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs at CooperVision. Operating expenses grew 16% as strategic investments in sales and marketing to support Myopia Management and Fertility continued. Within this, we did see slightly higher than initially forecasted investments for SightGlass Vision and MiSight in China, along with elevated distribution costs, tied to higher demand of direct shipments. Consolidated operating margins were 24.9%, down from 26.8% last year. Interest expense was $5 million on lower average debt and the effective tax rate was 10.3%, helped by stock option exercises in the quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.28, with roughly 49.9 million average shares outstanding.  FX negatively impacted us and was roughly $0.05 worse than expected when we gave guidance last quarter. Free cash flow was solid at $110 million, comprised of $175 million of operating cash flow offset by $65 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased to $1.4 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio improved to 1.38x. Moving to 2022 guidance and excluding the recently-announced Generate Life Sciences acquisition, consolidated revenues are expected to be in the range of $3.032 billion to $3.090 billion, up 6% to 8% in constant currency, with CooperVision revenues between $2.225 billion and $2.267 billion, up 6% to 8% in constant currency, and CooperSurgical revenues between $807 million and $823 million, up 6% to 8% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to range from $13.60 to $14, up 9.5% to 12.5% in constant currency and the tax rate is expected to be around 13%. At the midpoints of guidance, this equates to constant currency revenue growth of roughly 7% and constant currency EPS growth of roughly 11%. Regarding currency on a year-over-year basis, we're expecting an FX headwind of roughly 2.5% on revenues and 7% on EPS.  This impact will be most detrimental in Q1 where we're expecting EPS in the $3 to $3.10 range. Before opening the call to questions, let me touch on the Generate Life Sciences acquisition that we announced on November 10th. As of today, we're optimistic we'll close in the next couple of weeks, which will give us roughly 10.5 months of their operations in our fiscal 2022. Having said that, we're still waiting for final regulatory approvals, so we're not providing specific guidance today. In the meantime, let me walk you through the deal accretion that we expect. As previously announced, Generate has roughly $250 million in trailing 12-month revenue. Gross margins are expected to be roughly 70% and OpEx is expected to be elevated in year 1, as synergies are expected to be minimal as we integrate and invest in the business. As we are now closer to securing permanent financing for this transaction, we are updating our year 1 non-GAAP EPS accretion estimate to around $0.50 and would add that we expect this accretion to improve in year 2 with synergies.  In summary, we're pleased with how we closed this fiscal year and as we look forward into 2022 and beyond, we continue to believe our strategic investments will drive top-line momentum supporting share gains in both businesses and long-term sustainable earnings growth. And with that, I'll hand it back to the Operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Well, first of all, Jon, thank you very much for the question. I don't think I've got a question that comp. Happy to take one today. So, as it relates to guidance, gross margins and operating margins, when you take out -- when you start in the midpoint of our guidance, gross margin's on a constant currency basis will be up year-over-year and operating margins will be up even more year-over-year. So when Al was talking about the leverage and we were talking about hurdling some inflationary pressures like wages and freight and other higher cost. And then also having these continued investment activity in growth areas like myopia and fertility, we're levering -- we're getting leverage from the P&L or from higher revenues, and that's showing up in operating margins. So I would expect the operating margins to be up nicely year-over-year.
Brian Andrews: Yeah, I'm not going to quantify it. Obviously, it's by far the biggest impact for FX. Relative to all the other quarters in the year, it's a double-digit headwind to EPS in the first quarter, and cost of goods is also the worst -- were hit the worst in cost of goods as well in the first quarter.
Brian Andrews: Thanks, Chris. I appreciate the question. I know we've given CapEx over the years. And as you know, CapEx is a moving target. It's always based on timing of projects and milestones, and lead time, which getting longer capacity needs demand, things like that. Rather than getting into that level of detail, whatever it is, we'll cover it. I've mentioned we'll do around $600 million of free cash flow in 2022, which is nice increase over '21. So operating cash flow will be strong and therefore free cash flow will be strong again in '22.
Al White: Sure. Yeah. Happy to be talking about this. I know we made the announcement and it was frustrating for many of you, and absolutely frustrating for me, to not be talking about it on a deal that I'm pretty passionate about. Yes, this is a great deal for us. It's a great set. You're talking about a 1/3 of this business, it's in fertility. We, as you know, have a great position in the fertility industry. Adding the donor piece of it to our existing product is just -- it's one more thing that allows us to walk into a fertility clinic and offer a full suite of product side. I'm really excited about how that's going to roll in. And when I think about our ability to leverage that with our existing sales people and our ability to leverage that with our existing relationships with fertility clinics in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. I get pretty excited about that. You've got a fertility business that's growing 5% to 10% at least, as you can see by the reported numbers. This part of the industry is growing along with that -- has been so I do think that we're going to be able to accelerate that growth when I think of some of the new products that we're going to be able to launch in that space and then with some of the leverage we have.  So kind of a slam dunk fit, if you will, in the fertility side of things. And that's not even touching on the cryo preservation, which is a perfect fit. If you look at the other piece of it, about 2/3 of that business is on the storage side for cord blood and cord tissue. That's been around for a long time and many people on the phone know about that. Anyone who has kit -- kids probably knows about that. That space has gotten a little bit more exciting recently because of the cord tissue, the stem cells are used for regenerative medicine. There's a ton of clinical studies that are going on right now, well over 1,000. So you've seen an increasing interest in storage of cord tissue. So that's kind of exciting. I mean, they have a relatively small sales force handle on that. We've a great team that's calling on OB-GYNs around the U.S., 100 people or so. So we are going to be able to take that messaging directly to the OB-GYN.  And you touched on the DTC side of things, and that's great, right? DTC is certainly fine, but the medical professional drives a lot of the decision-making here. Our ability to bring that in, first time that you're actually going to have a Company own one of these businesses, who's calling directly on OB-GYNs with a great relationships, I think we're going to be able to add some real value there. So excited about both pieces of that.
Al White: Sure. Yes, and that continues to be an objective. As you know, and Brian touched on, currency is a fairly decent negative to us this year, so that's causing us to take a step back, from an as-reported perspective but not from a constant-currency perspective. Yeah, good gross margins on the Generate business, 70% or so fits in really well. Now, this first year buying this, we'll be a little careful on the integration activity. They had acquired a business this past summer that took them into Australia and Canada. We need to roll this business into our operations. We need to take care of everything we respect from IT to customer service and a variety of other thing s, so not anticipating a lot of leverage in the first year. But then, we will roll it in and then through the year we will, we will get leverage from this business. Now, the question mark on it ends up really being when you look at the $0.50, is more around the interest expense. We're not going to get into the OpEx at this point in time and interest expense because: 1. We haven't closed Generate yet, 2. We haven't closed the permanent financing for it yet. So when we do, we can supply a little bit more color, but suffice it to say that long term, this will be accretive, if you will, to Company wide gross margins and help us get to that 30%.
Al White: You're right. I mean, China is really exciting. We have a strong relationship obviously with Epsilor. Epsilor distributes our primary ortho-k products in China. Now, we have the exclusive distribution with them for MiSight, we did the soft launch already there. We are in a really good position with them. We're hitting on all cylinders, if you will, early here in China. You talked about the last, which is their glasses that they're selling into China right now and doing really well with. The Chinese government has said publicly that, addressing myopia is a very significant concern as ours, so they're taking it seriously. These glasses or contact lenses are sold through the hospitals. So I mean, it's something that can move fairly quickly and can be very successful. I won't necessarily break the dollars down in our expectations, but we definitely have high hopes for a lot of success in China. When I look at that $100 million mark, we've talked about that in the past, we still stand by that. You know my opinion on MiSight.  I think we're going to have a lot of success now. It's going to depend on China, how successful that is this year. But at the same time, we're seeing success in China with our ortho-k products. So I'm happy about that and maybe even a little bit more success than I was thinking about it. A few different moving parts there and I wouldn't discount SightGlass. I mean, that's a product that's -- we just launched -- co-launched I should say with Essilor in Europe. As you said, Stellest is doing really well. We'll bring SightGlass into China here at some point in time. So a lot of different moving parts in there that are going to drive that $100 million.
Al White: I don't want to get into the particular or a specific number right now, but we will be taking price. So that's coming. You're seeing the inflationary pressures and so forth out there. We're in a great industry on both sides of our business, within contact lenses. It's a good industry and higher pricing is warranted on an annual basis. This year you have inflationary pressures and shipping and everything else that goes along with it. So yes, we'll be taking price higher. I'll just -- I'll stay away from giving a number at this point in time, but you'll see it at some point in the near future.
Al White: I'll answer as easy as one word, COVID. That's it. Right? So if you want to think that 6 to 8 is conservative, I'm not going to argue with you on that. But I'm also not sure what's going to happen with COVID and some of the variance out there. So you have to try to factor that in a little bit, it's only prudent when you're giving annual guidance in a period like we're in today to try to build in a little bit of conservatism, if you will, for that.
Al White: Yeah. Tax, we have going up a little bit because it was in the low 11s going to 13. So obviously, if you excluded tax, our profit growth would be better. If you kind of look it, kind of leverage through the P&L, I guess, I'd probably just do it at a high level and say if I wanted to midpoint of guidance, that 7% is the midpoint of revenue guidance in constant currency. And the midpoint of EPS guidance is 11%. And that includes hurdling the tax that we talked about. So that's your leverage right there. I've talked in the past about how we have a business where we can lever this business. We've invested a lot in Myopia Management; we're going to continue to invest there, and, frankly, we're investing in Vision more aggressively in a number of different areas which we started this past quarter with some sales force expansion in several markets. So a lot of investments going into Vision right now: sales force, product launches, MyDay multifocal, super excited about that, SightGlass, a lot of different areas. We're doing all those investments and we're still talking about 7% and 11% leverage through the P&L. So I feel pretty good about that and that, again, hurdles the tax increase.
Al White: Yeah, that's a great question, Jeff. And we're talking about that internally right now. We wanted to get through year-end here, where we had a good comp, especially in the U.S. against last year, where you remember we gave a lot of the lenses away for free. So we are looking at that, we are doing some sensitivity on that, to your point, right? Cap price. But you sell more product and does that make up for it. So we're kind of evaluating that, if you will, right now. Having said that, the number 1 pushback by far is definitely not price, right? That's on the list, but it's not number 1. It continues to be the staffing concerns and it fit concerns. And the amount of time it takes to talk to the parents, talk to the kids, get the kids in it, it's just a longer process than what we initially thought. We're still seeing a situation where we're getting there and we're converting a ton of the patients, but it's taking 6 months, 9 months, something like that, 12 months. The kid has to come in again.  The parents -- the ECP explains that they have myopia, what it means, how it's progressing, the parent doesn't want to pay, to your point, or they don't want -- they're concerned about putting their kids in contact lenses, so they delay the decision and then they come back in and the ECP explains that their child's eyesight's worse and it's going to continue to get worse. That's when the sale actually happens. The actual sell which, frankly, I thought was going to happen a little bit quicker, obviously, when I put the numbers out there in the uptake, it's still happening, it's just a little bit more delayed. I think pricing is a component of it, but just better fit activities is going to drive it also.
Al White: Yeah, I think you do have pricing in there. You could certainly make an argument that the 4 to 6 could be a little bit lower because you do have, obviously, the COVID concerns, you have everything else that's going on in the marketplace in different markets around the world. Sitting here today, I think that we'll end up in that 4 to 6 range with the pricing, with some pricing in there. I think we'll take market share. I'd be really surprised if we don't take market share on a core, on a like-to-like basis, if you will. Myopia management --our myopia management portfolio will add that, obviously, and ensure, if you will, that we're above market growth. But on a like-to-like basis, I think we'll take share. I'm not sure it will be a lot of share, but it will be -- I'll be really surprised if there's no share. There are some other good competitive launches and stuff going on out there, so I don't want to necessarily get ahead of ourselves, but based on the strength I'm seeing with some key accounts and so forth, especially in Europe and Asia Pac, we'll take share. I think the degree of share gains for us on a core portfolio basis, meaning on a like-to-like basis, will certainly be tied to some geographies. If Asia Pac continues to come back and places like Japan where we're really well-positioned right now, we would stretch our share gains.
Al White: Yeah. On Fertility, I love that space. It's a great industry. It's growing; it's got all kinds of potential. Interestingly, it's still relatively fragmented and there's different players in different markets around the world, some sizable players in different markets around the world and different areas of fertility. So I think that Generate was a good example, one that came out and is a nice addition for us. We'll see. We certainly have a great fertility franchise right now, and a lot of opportunities to grow and grow in excess of the market rates. But if we could find other transactions to kind of fit in there that could make sense from a geographic expansion perspective, that type of thing, we would certainly evaluate those. If I look at Paragard, it's funny that within our medical device space, probably similar to a lot of companies that you follow, we did see some softness in September that's for sure. We even saw some softness in October. I was pleasantly surprised with how our core medical device products held up during that time. Some of them hold up naturally, because they're tied to childbirth and so forth.  But even the elective procedure products held up okay and we had a decent October, that was not the case as much for PARAGARD. Now, I don't think PARAGARD is unique. When I look at the IUD market in general and you look at the other products out there, those were -- have also been soft. So I'm not sure how to really fine tune that down to the point of an individual product, but I do think that some of the staffing restrictions and so forth that are out there are causing problems with IUDs and some other products. Frankly, I think you're going to continue to have a few of those struggles even in our fiscal Q1, to be honest with you, because you're still seeing some of those staffing challenges and so forth out there on the medical side of things, we don't see that really on the contact lens side, but we certainly see it on the med device side of things and Paragard is caught up in that. Now, I don't think it's doing any worse by the way, just to be clear, with respect to the IUD market. It's in-line or maybe even doing a little bit better, but that part of the market has been hit.
Al White: One of the things that's going to make it more effective for us and one of the things that's exciting for us is the size of our business. We just have a very large fertility business and we have a large OB-GYN business and some great products specifically within the OB space. So we're talking to those professionals, we know those professionals really well. One of the challenges you have when you're a Company like Generate, is you're seeing a lot of your success come from like direct-to-consumer activities, that type of thing. It's more DTC and not direct to the professional. We're known as kind of a high-quality educational shop within the CooperSurgical, within the OB-GYN space, and within the fertility space. If you look at the training we do, there's just extensive training and knowledge, communication, and so forth, that we do with medical professionals in that side of things. That's not something that Generate has really been able to take advantage of because they just didn't have the size to be able to do that. When you take their business and combine it with our strengths, that 1+1 is a 3.  That's what's so cool about this. Yeah, this opportunity came up. I've been following it, frankly, for a long time. When it was a cord blood storage business, that was a little bit of a different story. As you fast forward to where it is today, and you think about things like regenerative medicine and what's going on over 1,000 clinicals in process on that, who is able to talk to the obstetricians about that? Who's able to speak to the fertility clinics of the value of that and those clinical studies and so forth. We are. We have the professionals already in there talking to them and doing training and so forth. So I really think we can add a lot of value there. Frankly, at the end of the day deals come up when deals come up when opportunities are available. I've been looking at this thing for many, many years. I was happy to see it come up and I was happy to see us get the opportunity to win this business. So to me, I look at it as it's a big deal and it is a big deal for us. It's an important deal for us. But when you find something that's a great strategic fit, that's growing mid-single-digits and you think that you're going to be able to enhance that growth, you look at those opportunities, you take advantage of them, especially on something that's going to throw some nice accretion to the bottom-line.
Al White: Yeah. Yeah. So right now, we have nothing in any assumptions regarding reimbursement. I mean, anything that we ever could get on that side of things could be -- is upside and could be material upside. But that's all I would say at this point in time. We're working on stuff, obviously. We're highly interested in that, and there's reasons for us to want that to be successful. But at the current state in the game, nothing factored in, no assumptions made around that. We'll see how that plays out. And I hope at some point in time in the future to be able to give you that good news.
Al White: I don't have that number on me. It's significant because it's continued to grow. There's a lot of ECP's trained on it right now. I would say the more important takeaway probably from that, Joanne, is if I had to do it over again, how would I go about that over again? Because a lot of these ECPs are getting trained, they're fully certified, they go back into their practice, they're excited about it. Maybe they don't have a lot of kids coming in, a lot of volume, and it ends up falling onto the -- it falls in the back seat, so to speak, because they're dealing with staffing challenges, they're dealing with patients that they're trying to pass through that are easier to fit and sell too. What we are seeing is that once you get the ECP trained and excited about it, and you have a myopia specialist, which we have now, we fully staffed up our myopia management specialists around the world, when you have that myopia management specialist talking to them and working with them and answering their questions as it comes up about how to sell, how to fit, how to charge for it, and so forth, we are dramatically more successful.  That's the key. It's ended up not being so much like, how many do you have? It's how many do you have combined with how many are you working with and helping. Once they fit a few kids and get rolling, it's like a snowball going downhill. Okay. Now, I'm comfortable with it. I'm comfortable fitting children, talking to parents. I'm going to do this for every child that walks in the door. Every single child, I'm going to talk to them about this because I've got the process down, I understand how to do it, I understand how to sell it. So that ends up being the key. And some of these newer markets that we're going into right now, we're having a lot more success, a lot faster because we've learned so much over the last couple of years about how to successfully transition someone from the training to the actual selling of the product.
Al White: And you get the double whammy because you get the pound 6 months later flowing through bad in the revenues immediate hit. Yeah.
Al White: Certainly, there's no question the product's working in the marketplace. If you go and look at the success rate, it is reducing the progression of myopia for children at a fairly high level. On average 59%. There are a number of kids who their myopia progression essentially stops entirely, which is amazing. Can you imagine that? But that definitely happens and we have many instances of eye care professionals telling us that. That's really fantastic. Their retainage rate, if you will, on those sales is really high. It's somewhere 85%, 90% or so. There's still kids who are non - responders to MiSight. You give them the lens, they wear the lens, we've seen that in the clinical data and we see it in a real world application where some kids, for whatever reason, continue to have their myopia progress at the same rate. I mentioned last call we have a lot of clinical work going on; we have 8 products in R&D right now specifically associated with this and some of those are addressing the non - responders right now, so that we can come out with some additional products to try to address everybody. But yes, it's something like 9 in 10 kids are staying in the product. It's pretty high level of retainage.
Al White: It's really interesting. There's enough clinicals out there and some of them are -- they're not Phase 1. I think the one on kidneys is an example. I think livers ' is like Stage 4. There's some real work being done there on the clinical side of things for regenerative medicine and the best stem cells to use are the cord tissue stem cells. You don't have to use those, but those are the best. And just so everyone's aware, those are different stem cells between the cord blood, that we've always heard about when we've had kids over the years, to the stem cells with cord tissue. There are legitimate clinicals going on out there that are showing a lot of potential for success. So there's definitely more interest in that. When we were doing our diligence and our work, we actually did a bunch of survey work, asking people about that, asking women who just had children, who are currently pregnant, "Are you going to store your cord tissue? " And the rates were pretty low. Then when we took them through the clinical side of things, if you will, and said, "Hey, this is what's going on with regenerative medicine.  There's no guarantees here, but this is what's going on. " The desire to store their cord tissue went to almost 100%. So I think a bunch of it is education. If you try to sell that on a DTC basis, you're going to have a hard time. If you're talking to medical professionals and there's people out there, and this does not have to be an OB-GYN, right? This could be an oncologist, this could be some sort of sports injury professional. There's all kinds of things you could use regenerative medicine for. So you're saying hey, doc, and there is no promises here. But there's a lot of really, really strong clinical work going on, much more so than there is the stem cells associated with cord blood. So some good exciting stuff going on there. We'll see how it plays out. But I think there's some opportunity to increase the storage there just in case, if you will.
Al White: No, we don't, Rob, just because that whole thing has mushed itself together, if you will, under -- so it's not just MiSight, it's all together under myopia management and we just -- we stopped breaking that number out and separating it. It was a decent number, that's for sure, this year. We had some pretty decent investments going out in Q4 and it'll be a sizable number this year. Having said that, we actually get leverage on it year-over-year, meaning that's part of the reason you're seeing leverage. We put a pretty good infrastructure in place this year, so we're able to start to leverage that a little bit in terms of comparing year-over-year when it comes to our myopia management investments.
Al White: Yeah. I certainly, personally, do not believe that the Generate deal is going to be diluted to our consolidated growth rate, just to be clear. I do think that it's based on their history and based on where I see the market going, that's probably a 4% to 6% grower, and that's what we talked about, but we have multiple areas to drive that growth rate higher. We have some new products that we're already talking about right now that we're going to be launching, and we have other forms of revenue synergies coming from our sales forces and then international expansion also, where there's some faster growth rates out there. I am optimistic about our ability to drive growth. Now, it's pretty close right now. 4% to 6% is not bad, that's for sure, especially on a annuity sale and very high cash flow product with strong margin. That's the other side of this because at the end of the day, we still look at this stuff and say, "Okay. Well, what makes sense from an acquisition perspective? "  We have a tendency to really focus on traditional discounted cash flow models. We're very curious, and we focus on that and we try to be very intensive about the numbers that are going in that, ensure we're getting a sufficient return on that. We do that a little bit more than we would do like ROIC and some of that kind of stuff because of the nature of our business, right? Strong cash flow, growth business, so on and so forth. So the other thing I would add on that, is strategic deals. I've talked about that in the past. If we could find strategic acquisitions that meet the financial metrics that can drive value in this business, then we're going to look at doing those kind of deals. And this one kind of checks all those boxes.
Al White: No, it frustrates me. Brian said gross margins would be up year-over-year on a constant currency basis, and our guidance shows that on an as-reported basis, those gross margins are going to be down year-over-year, so that frustrates me. And when I look at operating margins and we talk about getting to 30%, we'd be having a nice positive move in operating margins if currency held true. Having said that, we're still running a business that's a long-term business. We're looking at 5 years, 10 years long-term growth and doing what makes sense to drive long-term growth. I want sustainable mid upper single-digit growth as a Company with margin expansion. We can't jerk the business around because of FX. And I'm not going to play the game where FX is good and then we're going to go invest a whole bunch, and then FX is bad and we're not. That's just not how we're going to run the business.
Al White: Yes. The CapEx is really low in this business. The storage tanks and so forth are cheap. So at the end of the day, you have to have everything else that goes along with a really high quality control systems, security systems, all that kind of stuff. But the actual CapEx itself is not high. When you look at the international expansion opportunities, let's go to fertility because that's one I would really highlight. A lot of that gets done with the fertility clinic. You're -- you're teaming up with the fertility clinic. Because when you're talking about donor eggs and donor sperm, that's usually a fairly quick transaction. Unlike the traditional stores like, we'll obviously do permanent storage of eggs and sperm, that type of thing, but a lot of that activity aligns itself directly with fertility clinics. And you're using the fertility clinics and working with them, their operations, so you just don't get a situation where you have significant CapEx. It's low CapEx. It's really high cash flow in that business.
Al White: Great. Fantastic. Well, thank you, everyone. I appreciate you taking the time for the call and obviously we're happy to announce the numbers and we're pretty positive about where we stand as a business. We look forward to continuing to produce here and speak to everyone in early March, when we do our next earnings call. Thank you. Thank you, Operator.
