Bob Weiss: Okay, the 9% versus the 8%, 9% for us and 8% for the market, of course the market is inflated and keep in mind that Japan is a big part of the market. So, that inflation that occurred in March, the end of the calendar quarter is reflected in that. And your large players, if you will, in the Japanese market by far the largest player is J&J. So, it had a profound impact on J&J. It had a profound impact on the market relative to Cooper. While that percent is big, 29%, we are hugely under index. Our market share is about just a little above half the market share in Asia-Pac as it is in the rest of the world. So, the percentages don’t always add up with equal weighting if you will. Secondarily and that’s where Asia-Pac for the entire market, which is around 30% of the world matters a lot when it’s only half that for us, it matters a lot less. Relative to the Americas, the Americas is coming off of a calendar quarter that was 15% for Cooper and it dropped from 15 to 0 in the next calendar quarter. We had our price increase, select price increase effective January 1, which had the impact of bringing revenues from January into December. And therefore, the calendar fourth quarter is inflated that flushes out considerably in January. Therefore, it doesn’t show up in the fiscal period like it does in the calendar period. So, we were artificially high on a calendar basis in that fourth quarter. And this is somewhat neutralizing that. Relative to the flush-out in April and May, most of the flush-out occurs in April with people buying forward into March in Japan and it had a minimal effect on our May results. And that has contracted into the guidance we are giving going forward.
Bob Weiss: Okay. On the operating outlook for MyDay, I think we have been pretty clear on operating margin that we are not expecting operating margin in 2014 into ‘15 and we maybe investing into 2016 as we hope from Europe to the U.S. to Asia-Pac. Relative to gross margin, we indicated that we had a negative gross margin in the first quarter. It would move into a – I think upper single-digit mode the second half of this year and then move into teens in 2015. We are, I would say, on track or ahead of schedule a little in those areas. So, we are pleased with the progress we are making on moving the needle on profitability there. It would still be our intent however to invest in the rollout and not expect to make operating profit even in 2015 on MyDay.
Bob Weiss: We are at a modal – we just came off $61 million quarter. Year-to-date, I want to say we are approaching $120 million. So we are running at $240 million. I would not be surprised if it’s north of $220 million by the end of the year, but we will kind of leave it in that, plus $202 million as high as $240 million range.
Bob Weiss: Yes. As far as the SG&A is concerned, we are in the mode of moving into more leverage. We have been investing heavily over the last four, five years in the brick expansion as well as sales force expansion and R&D. And we would expect to over the next several years start really getting some meaningful leverage out of those areas. Particularly, where we have invested several years in certain countries we have been in the brick area, if you will, losing a fair amount of operating income in the startup mode. That’s been kind of masking the total P&L that you see worldwide. And now it’s time with revenue generation to get some leverage out of that. And that will continue over the next period while we say we are going from 22% OI to 25% OI that is more about SG&A leverage and it is about change in the gross profit margin. One thing noteworthy to put here in your thought process, however, is during the next three years we will continue to reduce cost of goods in terms of manufacturing. That will not necessarily show up in gross margin and in reduction of cost of goods, it will be masked by product mix as we shift into the one-day modality. The one-day modality will have basically a lower gross margin, but also lower operating expense ratio. So, there will be some – there should be through mix some improvement in operating cost over that timeframe also.
Bob Weiss: Yes. I am not going to say too much about it other than like any warning letter or 483, which preceded it we take FDA observation seriously and rest assured it’s getting our full attention. It was in Puerto Rico. I think some people have asked whether or not it was connected to anything that happened in the past, the recall of Avaira toric, the answer to that is no, it is not connected with any previous activity. It was more a result of inspection done that led to 483 that happened in December and January timeframe. And a lot of it had to do with CAPA’s and in documentation, which we are as I indicated taking seriously. At some point in time, the FDA and we would expect by the end of calendar year to come in and confirm the actions that we have taken. I don’t have anymore color on it than that at this juncture.
Bob Weiss: That’s a pretty good summary. I would say we have never kind of said we think we can keep taking double or 2X indefinitely. So it’s nice that for the last three years we have done two. And if we look at it over a five year perspective, I think we average maybe about 1.8. So anything in the range we are talking about the 9% to 10%, we are happy with that obviously we want to beat it. And the market I do think has moved from the 4% to 5% now to the 5% to 6%, but you are correct the 8% is probably more like 5% to 6% and it is much about that.
Bob Weiss: I am not going to put enough color on that. We have gone out of our way not to put too much color on how it weighs other than to make one point, which is some of the royalty savings we will invest. And it is factored into our model which is basically saying we are going to go from at one point in time with 20% to 25%. We now are more like 21% to 22%, 22% to 25% operating income between now and 2018. So that is still our objective and the royalties are factored in there and the MyDay is a weighting factor in that model over the next several years. And relative to gross margin, in concept you are right that one day, MyDay is taking it one way and the royalty will help minimize that, but I am not going to put more color on it than that.
Bob Weiss: Alright. Several things, the competitors still have price increases while we do and they are not across the board, some products get more and some products get none. Relative to, did the market show up, the market in the Americas in the fourth calendar quarter was 8%, so that was fairly robust compared to a trailing 12 months of six. So it was the strong quarter for the marketplace in the Americas. So that could be a factor, it certainly was a factor for Cooper. Relative to the question on MyDay you are not too far off with the $4 million to $5 million relative to where it is. We are at a $5 million. So, let’s say, a $20 million run-rate now, your math would not be too far off. Biofinity and Avaira, I think I indicated were mid to upper teens, both family of products were mid to upper teens. So that was a comment from my – I made that in my remarks.
Bob Weiss: So, you are totally right that we did very well in Europe, 4X the market and MyDay is certainly a contributor there. And we continue to do well with Biofinity and Avaira in Europe as well as really the migration of torics and multifocals. So both as to modality, it’s a factor, lens type, it’s a factor and product rollout is the factor, and all three kind of play well.
Bob Weiss: Relative to normalized in the channel, certainly we are normalized in the channel now as we have kind of gone through April-May. Relative to the channel, we look at calendar quarters there is no doubt that the second calendar quarter is going to be weak relative to the first calendar quarter, because of the size of that value-added tax or sales tax, if you will in Japan. So, that will no doubt influence the total market what came into the first quarter will come out of the second quarter and then it will be normalized on that front. I think the U.S. is by the end of the first quarter, calendar quarter is pretty normalized from any implications of price increases. And so I think most everything else is normalized.
Bob Weiss: Well, the product is going as fast as we can make it. So, it’s only looking to the market other than say the market likes what they see in Europe, that’s very plus, very good. Relative to our ability to continue to ramp up, we basically planned on more than doubling capacity during short window primarily in the second quarter, we were successful in that. So, when we say our rollout is proceeding to plan, starts with the capacity and the capacity is doing quite well. So that’s not an inhibitor as we continue to rollout. At some point in time, we will be – before we know, we will be gearing towards the best market, but there is no real expectation that we will have any meaningful going forward from 2015 into 2014 relative to the Americas or the U.S. market. So, things are going to plan. And we are, I mentioned, $25 million that we are targeting this year, we are now at $20 million run rate. And we would expect to have a decent shot at approaching that $75 million objective for next year.
Bob Weiss: Well, obviously one of the factors we mentioned that we are – we have been investing heavily in MyDay in the fourth quarter last year, invested heavy in MyDay in the first half of this year, while and that’s even at the gross margin line. So, as we move into a positive territory on gross margin that’s a big shift and we will start minimizing the size of the losses. So, that’s one thing is leverage. Our comp in the fourth quarter will be easier brought about by a couple of events that took place last year and certainly one of those was just the fact that we were accelerating MyDay forward with fittings that cost as well as conversion of equipment, which cost just a fair amount of money. So the comp is somewhat easier in the fourth quarter. And I think when you factor those two things together you will see that there is some logic to acceleration. We also had I think some degree of a – well, we had foreign exchange headwinds in the first quarter, but I think we are also anticipating more in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter is more cost of goods related to lag of the strengthening of the pound getting to the P&L. That of course puts a little pressure on the gross profit line in that quarter. So that will serve somewhat as a headwind against the positive trends on MyDay in terms of cost of goods if you will.
Bob Weiss: I would say modest improvement, but at certainly 4%, we were pleased with in the context of the market and some of the shifting going on there. I would say the surgical outpatient side is still tough. So we don’t want to minimize that idea. Fertility has been doing a good job. We are very pleased with that, those results. And some of the products that we worked on last year in terms of second generation product, we are starting to see some modest benefits of that. So, those three variables still leave us feeling pretty good about the range we gave for guidance, which is still quite frankly, if you were to strip out idea, still pretty anemic expectation on the surgical and the office space in the U.S.
Bob Weiss: Well, Origio is a lot more about geographic expansion and certainly taking their product portfolio much more into the outside the U.S. world. The U.S. world is a little bit more mature right now. The pipeline there is – been some plus factors in the pipeline within Origio and the marketplace. And the other thing we are trying to do over time is shift the mindset a little from – away from less equipment more disposable which will lead to improving gross margins within that space. That space is a little, still somewhat a gross profit drag within the CooperSurgical mix, but improving if you will.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to updating you again in September on our quarterly progress and particularly on MyDay and the continued ramp up and rollout. And with that, I want to thank everyone for participating.
