Robert S. Weiss: Okay. As far as the $5 million, which was business interruption, it reflects some of the activity that happened or didn’t happen throughout the P&L in 2012 and then into 2013, so it’s operational in that sense. And quite frankly, the story would have gotten complicated if we were to excluded from the non-GAAP together with some of those other factors that had to do with higher than, let’s say, a number of legal things coming together all at once. The answer to your question is the $6 million, about half of that is legal matters and that’s plural, there are several events, all of which were concentrated in the quarter and I’m really not going to get into any one of those events for obvious reasons. And then the other half of that was the – if you will, the acceleration and the push of the re-launch of Avaira Toric. And there is kind of an anomalous result of those – the re-launch because it is a re-launch being a much more expensive event from an accounting point of view than were it just new sets going out the door that get spread over three years. In the case of a re-launch, a good chunk of those fitting sets get charged to the P&L. So in the fourth quarter and again in the first quarter of 2013 there will be a unusually high charge to operating costs for the re-launch of let’s say old fitting sets from the initial Avaira Toric launch and that is somewhat anomalous. But I respect the fact that you can debate all over what those three events, the legal matters, the re-launch, and the $5 million below the line and its impact on above the line or not above the line from an operating income point of view.
Robert S. Weiss: The answer to the first question on the range, quite frankly we’ve been pleased to beat our range frequently in the past and now we’ve kind of in this fourth quarter certainly not beat the range we put out there of the $1.50 to $1.55. There is variability caused by a lot of things, including the whole debate on what’s going on in Europe, the whole debate on the fiscal cliff in the United States, while we’re recession resistant. That’s not to say on a given quarter there aren’t events that really cause a contraction or some anomalous event. So is $0.30 spread against something in the neighborhood of $5.70 large? I know we can debate that probably forever. I think it’s prudent to give a broader range than to try to micro a narrow thing, which is unrealistic in my opinion, at least as we’re sitting here nine months ahead of or 10 months ahead of time. Medical device, I'm going to take a shot at it and I will let Greg refine anything I say wrong. That is still to be determined. There are different ways to operate, as I understand in the domain, some companies are going cost of goods and some companies are going operating cost. And quite frankly those that are going cost of goods are actually managing the process better than those that are going operating cost, but it’s to be determined whether or not we will end up with a model that is one or the other.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today on this call. Look forward to launching into 2013. We think we’ve a lot of exciting things in the pipeline that are going very well. And we look forward to talking to everyone and updating you on our progress in March. Thank you very much.
