Robert S. Weiss: Jeff, let me just kind of jump on one thing. We're -- you may detect that we're a little evasive in the area of putting too fine of a pencil on all of the components of gross margin, and we're not going to leave ourselves into a mode where we're going to be specific on the royalty as a default. So there's a package there. The yen -- it includes the yen. It's having a profound impact on the total package, as well as the weighting of Avaira, as well as in the total scheme of things. Obviously, Origio has some impact on the overall mix also. But relative to giving a lot of fine details other than what the range is going to be, we're probably going to steer clear of a good amount of that. And that's really competitive, as well as contract that we're steering clear.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, I'll say, we had in our prior guidance, I think we're in the neighborhood of $120 million to $150 million estimate of CapEx. We're now moving more into the mode of the $200 million to $250 million range of CapEx, and that includes a lot of things to do with silicone hydrogel, in general, as well as the bring forward of our plans on single-use facilities -- single-use silicone hydrogel facilities, as well as equipment, obviously. That is nothing more than saying we're really happy with the progress and how the product has been in the market, particularly in Europe where we started, that we're bringing forward those plans to aggressively move into that market, recognizing that probably in the 2- to 3-year time horizon, it's going to turn out of -- move from a niche market into something more than that. And quite frankly, we'll be there to not only participate, but to support that trend. So it's a pretty big number. It is what I would view as a lot of 2-year upfront spending, meaning there's a fair amount of equipment involved in getting to that point where you can have a robust product line. And then it tails off fairly rapidly after that 2-year period, and that's why I indicated we expect by the end of 5 years to have our cash back. We're not coming off of that $1.3 billion targeted free cash flow number.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, we're expecting a fairly routine path within the next 2 years into the U.S. We're expecting from the point of view of facility expansion, that's mainly going to be at our 2 primarily facilities in Puerto Rico and the U.K., both. And now we will -- the market has taken hold a lot more outside the U.S. At the end of the day, it really is today a Japanese market, it is not the a U.S. market. Quite frankly, J&J has done minimal in the U.S. market with TruEye and they really -- their focus has really been much more outside the U.S., particularly in Japan. And so we see it that way initially. So they're in the sense of urgency to the U.S. market is still, I think, muted as far as how fast you have to get there.
Robert S. Weiss: Okay, yes. Legal costs have tailed off considerably from the fourth quarter where, of course, there was a large amount of activity. So I would say, really was on those matters, fully sub-$1 million being spent. It's not the -- if you will, the catalyst of any of the OpEx ratios per se. Relative to the Americas, Americas is considerably more robust if you look at it from the point of view of the calendar -- I'm sorry, the fiscal quarter, mindful of the fact that we have easier comps this year over last year in the Americas because of some of what we talked about in the fourth quarter regarding the pipeline fill in the fourth quarter of 2011. So the comps are somewhat easier. And therefore, when you look at the calendar quarter, it doesn't show it, meaning, the calendar quarter for CooperVision was 5% in the United States and 7% in the Americas, and then it jumps way up in the fiscal quarter to where you see the 18% for the Americas growth. So that explains really the year-over-year comp on a fiscal quarter basis.
Robert S. Weiss: I guess, twofold: one is reactionary, meaning we know our competitors have announced large capital projects, 2 of them have, one in Ireland and one in Georgia. And so maybe a little speculative on what they're working on, but we have a pretty good idea what we think they're working on. Two is the product is -- we're pleased with the results of the product and good to go. And you can assume that, that means we're also pleased with our learning curve thus far in making the product. So directionally, we're happy with where we're going from a cost of goods point of view, not that where we need to get, but clearly have made some pretty good progress and enough progress to take the next step.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, the Avaira, in my comments, I mentioned that there is a halo effect at Avaira Toric. It's nicely pulling the Sphere and that the family of products. I didn't get into breaking out the Toric versus the Sphere. But suffice it to say, the Toric couldn't do it alone, but the family of products was north of 50% growth year-over-year -- for the quarter. So we're happy with that. And really, there is still a capacity limitation, that there will be for essentially most of this year -- calendar year that deals with Avaira Toric and, therefore, there's some limitations that we want to make sure we don't get too far or get ahead of ourselves on that.
Robert S. Weiss: I was careful to use the words that our strategy is opportunistic, and we don't define if and when on purpose, obviously. But as much as anything, it's not preprogrammed where we have to go out and do something one way or the other. It's opportunistic.
Robert S. Weiss: You're correct, Chris, that some of what's going on is we're still lagging the market in total in the trade-up of silicone hydrogel and clearly in the area of the trade-up to 1 Day. We're basically 1/2 indexed of the marketplace there or well a little north of that but not much. So we have a long way to go on 1 Day. And while we're doing stellar on the silicone hydrogel family and it's something we continue to expect to greatly grow faster than the marketplace, part of that is trade-up but, quite frankly, part of it is taking new fits from competitors. So it's a healthy combination. I would say, it's well-balanced relative to when you look at the components, how much further do you have with 1 Day, the fact that you already are a share leader in the 2 high-growth ends of the market relative to type of lenses, torics, multifocals. And we certainly are exhibiting high growth in multifocal, albeit it's a smaller category. There's a lot of moving parts. But I think when you look at the product data we give you relative to how we measure up on every front, we're doing pretty darn good on every region, every type of lens, every modality. And there aren't -- I don't think there are too many holes in it relative -- that means, relatively speaking, we should be able to do pretty well for the indefinite future. Our products are still fresh in my opinion. Proclear 1 Day is early in its cycle. Biofinity, while it's been at it 4, 5 years now, is not indicating any slowness and still has a lot of leveraging or halo effect, if you will, around the world. And so I don't quite frankly -- from a mix point-of-view, we're still headed the right way from a trading up point-of-view, we're headed the right way, and from a taking new fits perspective, we're in good shape also.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, relative to Sandy, I don't want -- I don’t think I ever played the importance of Sandy in the contact lens arena. Actually, it was slightly bigger in our women's health care than it was in our contact lens business. It was a minimal event relative to contact lens, that's why, because we ship out of Rochester and the products pretty much got out there. Relative to the stocking, I'll kind of answer that in multiple ways. Number one, we recall that in the second quarter of last year, there was kind of an anomalous result that took place where the market kind of went south on us in April following whatever happened in March. So there clearly was some things going on with our competitors in that cycle, certainly not going on with our competitors in our cycle, which was really in October of 2011, where we thought we had done a good job of managing our distributors in the first, second and third quarter of 2011, but they still had a full year incentive. And because of that, they bought a lot in October of 2011, which negatively impact the comps in the first quarter of 2012. And as a result of that, our comps in the U.S., from a fiscal year point of view, are easier in the U.S. in the first quarter this year compared to the U.S. a year ago. That has nothing to do with our competitors. But suffice it to say, we're keenly aware that there are things our competitors occasionally do that impact it. We didn't see anything unusual following calendar year end, meaning there was nothing about January and February that leads us to believe there was anything strange going on. We're keenly aware that there is some ripple effect at the retail and between, if you will, the split of 1800 and Wal-Mart. Certain things happening within retail that pretty much are not, as far as I'm aware, germane to the -- at the manufacturers level.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, we're -- there are obviously no guarantees when does it start leveling off a little. But having said that, we have really not been in the market all that long with Biofinity Multifocal, which is, if you will, the third leg of the halo effect. We have just really got to Japan with a real more robust launch beginning this fiscal year. So suffice it to say, we're still early with the Biofinity Toric launch in Japan, and it certainly hasn't annualized. There is a lot of growth of torics and multifocals outside the U.S., and we obviously have a great product in the right modality in that front. So we're pretty optimistic that there are a lot of legs left to it. And I might add that the Sphere is very close to 30% growth in and of itself. So there is nothing wrong with even what one might say is the most mature of the 3 between the Sphere, the Toric and the Multifocal doing pretty well, which, to me, is an indicator that there is a fair amount of legs left in this family.
Robert S. Weiss: No, locally, it's not really impacting anything. We put up 17% growth numbers in constant currency, 10% in actual in that entire region. So I would say, no, there is no -- nothing is changing because of that dynamic.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us. Hopefully, you're as excited about our top line growth, our market share growth as I am, and the fact that we're pleasantly moving forward with the silicone 1 Day project, which I find real exciting. Keep in mind what I said about the market trading up as this market continues to grow towards the 1 Day modality, that's a 4x to 6x trade-up, which is going to be good for sustained growth, in my opinion, for the marketplace. And while gross margins may come under pressure because of that, clearly, I like the idea making 300% to 500% more profit on a contact lens wearer. So I would take that all day, all year, all decade, and we're pretty excited about that. So with that, I look forward to talking to you and updating you on where we are in June. Thank you.
