Bob Weiss: Good question Jeff, and just kind of jump off the page a little that July must have been soft relatively speaking. There is really primarily but one answer to that and its industry-wide answer with that sort of reason, most people would think. While in the past have we talked about work days in a month but in this case I'll highlight the fact that in July this year there were 19 work days compared to 22 last year because of the way we can sell. That translates to about 17% -- 16% to 17% reduction in revenue if you had the same revenue per day or the orders per day. So pretty profound impact that weighted heavily because of the normally of the way we can sell. Conversely, you get some of that back in August, relative to a full quarter however, probably the best way to look at it is, work days were down 3% this year in the third quarter and they will be up 1.5% in the fourth quarter. So there is one more work day in the fourth quarter, so it's smooth now within the quarter but there is some anomaly between July and August caused by work days.
Bob Weiss: Yes, the competitive launch -- J&J has been active in taking away since two weeks which was their sweet spot and expanding it into a one day, one week and then a one day and now they are moving with the different package into the monthly modality with Vita. The amount of push they put behind Vita [ph] was nothing compared to a year ago when they launched the OASYS one day modality, so a lot more muted. Having said that they are one of the more active ones in this space, albeit leveraging their OASYS franchise if you will. Interestingly, they still do not call OASYS one day a silicone hydrogel lens but as we all know it is silicone hydrogel lens. As I think I indicated in the past, it was my belief that there would be some swapping off the two week non-compliant into the monthly compliant which in essence is a clever way to think it's a trade-up strategy and I think we're seeing more and more of that as they are trying to continue the deceleration or the negative growth of the two week space which they own 90% of, and migrate it into more profitable buckets. And there is no doubt profitable bucket means the one day modality but quite frankly the strategy is not short-sited. So to speak when it comes to a monthly price point yields more revenue than a two week non-compliant and most of vast majority of the two week wears are non-compliant. As far as our product in the non-one day space, we rolled out initially Biofinity and are just -- it's getting, it's very early in the game but so far so good, there is a lot of excitement about novel wins that really addresses people with iPhone's and being in front of TV screens and computer screens, professionally. So there is lot of interest by the eye care professionals that we have engaged in discussion thus far. We also are have got approval to launch Vitality in the two week space and Vitality is targeted to replace our low gross margin Avaira product in the two week space. That low gross margin came about as a number of years ago when we had a recall and had to change the manufacturing technique which became very cumbersome. So it is a significant step up in gross margin and it's very early in that launch, I think it was late July. And the intent there is, it will probably take two to three years to roll out the entire family of the toric and the sphere worldwide in this migration. The sphere will go faster and the majority of the Avaira product line is the 70% of it or more is the sphere side, so that one will show up quick. But it's an inventory term and when you have toric, it takes longer to transition if you will that. So we're excited about that and then of course we have all the action that's going on in the one day space.
Bob Weiss: As far as the EMEA market, we continue to gain shares there and happy to say we're right on the heels of the number one player there which is Alcon in the market. So -- and that happens to be the part of the world where we have the highest market share in EMEA. Our overall market share is 23% but in Europe, it's 33% contrasted to where was weakest share but growing fast in Asia Pac. So the market there remains focused in on the one day modality, Eastern Europe continues to be a robust area. And then the Biofinity continues to charge very nicely there. And then of course the other thing is, U.S. market was the first one to arrive with specialty lenses, torics, and multifocals, and now the rest of the world including EMEA is catching up. So you have a more robust market there which plays to Cooper's strength, recognizing we're number one in the world in the specialty lens area overall.
Bob Weiss: Sure. First of all, double-digit in Asia Pac is somewhat of reflection of our immaturity in that market with a fabulous product portfolio. So we have a great product portfolio, lot of it emanated out of EMEA; so it started in Europe, it came to the U.S. and really Asia Pac is the last to get it all. In addition, we were clearly under index overall in that market. We have invested over the last three or four years heavily in some areas like China and the surrounding geographic area. So we're starting to get momentum there. As far as MyDay in Japan, MyDay is a one day product, there are silicone hydrogel players in the Japanese market. TrueEye I started there selling silicone hydrogel market when we started for all fast flow purposes in Japan. The beauty of having a MyDay toric in Japan, first of all, we have Clariti available in the western world, Clariti has a sphere of toric in the multifocal. In Japan, we only have MyDay at this juncture and having a toric to go along with it, have a halo effect, we will be the only one in the Japanese market with a silicone hydrogel sphere and a toric. While the toric market is not as mature as even the European market, it's certainly in the cycle there. It is a nice halo effect that lot of practioners wanted and particularly more so, some of your independence in Japan, so it's a good story with not only those retailers that exist there but also the independence. So, yes, I do expect that we will put up robust numbers going forward, double-digit numbers certainly in many quarters going forward into Asia Pac marketplace.
Bob Weiss: And I think just on the comment on the Sauflon platform, yes, we're static about the alcohol-free nature of it and the fact that it's so full [ph] that we have to see as the toric and the multifocal to leverage. We're static by the fact that we were able to ramp up very quickly and therefore we're not capacity constraint. So that is clearly a tailwind in a high gross margin area. However, I would agree with Greg's point that with the surgical acquisitions that we have made and with surgical now and around 61 -- going up a little bit from there, there is a mix headwind that comes into play. So directionally you're right, there is tremendous amount of tailwinds to help us out and we'll see where that all lands down the road.
Bob Weiss: As far as some of the product launches of J&J -- when we look at J&J, B&L and Alcon; J&J is the one that already have their act together, the best of the three. And Alcon obviously is still in a remaking mode. B&L is in a remaking mode, changing their structure yet again, I think. And J&J with a fairly weak product portfolio is a good marketing company and so I would complement them on making the best of the product portfolio they have. Some of their programs, the whole disruption they've caused in the marketplace over the last two years with directions going all the way with UPP and then direction going the other way, they've taken some bumps in terms of their messaging. So one day they are saying to you was the friend of the independent with these products and then the next day they are saying, well, we have a different story to tell you but it's going to be UPP. So there is no doubt there is some reaction to that. As far as Vita for example, their new product launch in the monthly space very much -- it's moving into a space where it's going against some franchise products and Biofinity is a franchise product and Biofinity is the product that has a toric and sphere and a multifocal, plus now it has things like Energys which is an enhanced product where people -- like 99% of the people on the planet are using more and more technology. So I don't expect them to get too robust about that. I do think that's a lot different than what they did a year ago with OASYS one day where they basically said, we want to participate into shift so [indiscernible] whereas leaving the two week space and catch some in the one day market with a huge trade-off. So they are playing out that strategy, to a large degree they cannibalize TrueEye in the U.S., not worldwide but in the U.S. and OASYS one day and TrueEye and MyDay are giving a competition in this case Alcon's Total 1 run for their money. Now Alcon got out there first when there was only one competitor in that space which is TrueEye. J&J knew that was a deficient product in the U.S. and I'm not sure why in the U.S. when it actually has done pretty well historically in Japan but for whatever reason, the U.S. it's a week two product. So product roll outs, we hear a lot of noise about B&L on ULTRA which is their answer to trying to refresh the product line for monthly products, monthly silicone hydrogel products. They've gone and expanded now I think from beyond sphere but a lot of what B&L is doing is capturing some of their legacy products, Purevision and SofLens 66. So when you put it all together, B&L has some new products, ULTRA but it's about holding breakeven with the entire product portfolio including the fall-off of their legacy products. So worldwide I think the last quarter there probably 1% to 2% growth. So they would have lost some margins here last quarter. Alcon likewise, came up with 2% numbers in a market growing 5%, so they lost share. So the gainers were Cooper and with the robust 10% in J&J.
Bob Weiss: All right. First question on August and July, yes, it's safe to assume that the anomalies between the weak July and August have to do with workdays, not anything engrained in the marketplace. Relatively to 2017 where we indicated we're not prepared at this juncture to put specifics on the line. No, we wouldn't comment one way or the other on what consensus is out there. I would highlight however that some of the analyst have more aggressive foreign exchange rates and some analyst's maybe -- I think Greg kind of hit the nail on the head. Some of the models on the impact of the pound etcetera, emphasizing that it's on 30% of our worldwide instead of 40% of our worldwide cost of goods, it is an important attribute. So hopefully, we gave some color for people to sharpen the pencil with their models in some case. So beyond saying there is a lot of tailwinds that we're standing by and happy with, and the foreign exchange rates will be whatever they are and they change literally by the hour. We're not going to add anymore color at this juncture. As far as the 10-10-10 hit, $0.10 in the second quarter, $0.10 in the third quarter and $0.10 in the fourth quarter due to idle equipment and inventory write-offs that were over and above normal, they are in the numbers. There are other write-offs that are routine and they continue throughout 2016 and will continue throughout 2017. Directionally, we indicated that a lot of those call out charges are associated with some of our improving efficiency a lot more than we thought. So that let us to idling some equipment. So directionally you can see the growth numbers in our 1-day silicone hydrogel franchise of 40%; that certainly will go towards improving absorption. And importantly, when something goes from idle to used in productions, it goes from a direct period charge which is what the 10-10-10 is about to certainly it moves on to the balance sheet when it's making the inventory. So that will continue throughout 2017 if you will.
Bob Weiss: Well, few things on that. The cyclicality of the CapEx spend, you're absolutely right, we ramped up Biofinity and Avaira in the last decade. We're very capital intense. We got real efficient, we ramped down and then all of a sudden, particularly with the Sauflon acquisition and with MyDay rollout of silicone hydrogel 1-day, we became very capital intense again over the last several years. And along the hold [ph], we got real efficient and so we are again a little ahead of ourselves in the perfect world. Translation there is, we think we have a pretty long runway on improving efficiencies that will continue over the next several multiple years and that will be somewhat of a cap on CapEx requirements. Look for we've taken the CapEx needs this year from $200 million, down $30 million to $170 million, the outlook for post-2016 will be for less than that. We're thinking in that $150 million range, so year-over-year a reduction of in that $50 million range. When you look at cash flow, we've now taken our -- should get the $300 million to a lot stronger statement about $300 million. So where $300 million headed towards $400 million, no real change in that signal on that going forward. There is, in my opinion, multiple years of runway on some of those efficiencies that we're talking about. As far as Sauflon interest charges, the -- what's built into our thinking is given that we forward cash flow generation, we see that as part of a minimizer. So when you're -- you have $1.4 billion in that worldwide, you're generating $300 million to $400 million in cash flow that will serve to offset. We do expect that probably between now and year end there will be some movement in rates and of course we've only guided through year end. So at this juncture we haven't really guided if treasury goes crazy, then that will obviously influence the guidance we've come out within -- in December. But I think between foreign exchange volatility and interest rates, depending on whose got their mouth open on a given moment, out there it seems like the government is very more proactive and trying to direct economic thinking which is a detriment I think, overall, because it does create uncertainty involved in volatility. But we're still on a low inflationary modality, we can all speculate and pretend we're economist, so stay tuned and we'll refresh -- what our thinking is in December.
Bob Weiss: Yes, let's just say I'm not sure overall against our guidance we raised a midpoint [ph] in our guidance.
Bob Weiss: If you took work days in the quarter, it would be a 3% headwind in Q3 and 1.5% tailwind in Q4, all other things being [ph].
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to once again thank Greg for six great years and wish him the best going forward. He will be around as we indicated throughout the transition period, throughout the rest of this calendar year. And we look forward to updating you on our year end results in December and I think the date there is December 8 if I'm not mistaken; and a lot of good stuff going on, so we look forward to giving you an update on that. Everyone have a great Labor Day weekend and summer has come and summer has gone already and life goes on. With that, we'll conclude.
Gregory Matz: Jon, on the gross margin, I think what you should expect to see is -- fixed as one of the low point, you should see it to be a little bit higher than that and again the base business will kick in a little bit. The new acquisitions come with a lower gross margin and so that you did see that pressure, especially in Q3.
Gregory Matz: I think on the gross margin, you've covered a lot of the points that there are obviously some tailwinds and where Clariti is coming in at far better than we first thought when we launched the company. The pound as we mentioned that especially the pound at these rates as I mentioned in the earlier comments will have a nice impact going forward. At the same time, again we are -- you saw the acquisitions that CooperSurgical is doing and that will have some impact on the overall gross margins because if you get into more lab-based businesses, they're going to come with lower gross margins. And so as you said, we're not giving guidance for next year, you've seen the gross margin start to edge up throughout the entire year, so you can see that where we're looking at being in the fourth quarter is again higher than we were in the third quarter.
Gregory Matz: Joanne, I'll jump in on the FX question real quick. So from a third quarter perspective, if you look at the actuals, we had a $0.06 benefit year-over-year and that was about $0.04 above what we had guided to or what was in our guidance in Q3, I'm sorry Q2. If you look for the full year, we're looking at -- FX is about flat, it's about up $0.02 for the full year year-over-year. When you talk about Brexit, one of things to keep in mind and I mentioned that in the script when it hit, so it hit in late June. So we would start to see the benefit of that really coming in in January. So Q1 will be a little bit of benefit and provided the rate stay where they are at, you'll get that benefit throughout the rest of the year. So it's a nice benefit from a CooperVision perspective about 40% of our COGS are in pound-based manufacturing, and that's 30% roughly because of total company. So you will see that flow through again good part of the next year provided the pound stays at about these rates. That's definitely down quite a bit from prior years and that's -- we win more on -- when that happens from a pound perspective, we win more on the manufacturing than we lose in the revenue but in the short-term like Q4, we actually get impacted by the revenue first and the benefit will come out outside of this fiscal year.
Gregory Matz: Yes. Last time that we gave guidance, we talked it being about a wash and it's net-net, you're right, it's a $0.02 positive for '16 at this point year-over-year.
Gregory Matz: Yes, we actually raised midpoint by $0.04, it was the FX that we experienced in the two was related to probably an operational increase.
Gregory Matz: Yes, on the tax rate; since the March guidance we have been guiding to the 8% for the year, around 8%; and so we're still holding to that. And when you look at it, things have been choppy and it also depends a lot of times when discrete relates this year, we had discrete related in Q1 where normally it's Q3. Typically Q4 is a higher quarter, last year was an exception to that and that was based on a lot of work around the integration and restructuring cost which were allowed deductions. So the Q4 rate being in the 10.5% to 11% is probably more typical outside just the last year or so.
