Bob Weiss: Yes. New products was fairly de minimis in terms of impacting top line growth. By de minimis, I mean, we got them up. We got products out the door. The impact on our third quarter was less than 1% in aggregate. 1% in the quarter.
Bob Weiss: Yes. As far as the impact of the Origio acquisition on 2013, we are still expecting it to be marginally accretive next year and near a breakeven this year as far as its impact on this year. Relative to Avaira Toric re-launch and the single-use silicone given the revenue so small on the quarter had marginal impact our margins for this period of time. In the fourth quarter guidance as well as in our outlook for next year, assume that the re-launch of Avaira Toric, and the rollout of single-use silicone is going to be more certainly a negative in terms of margins since we are investing behind both, products. Since you may recall that Avaira Toric when we fixed the problem that led to the recall, it did result in a step back of efficiency of making that product ballpark 30%, so we do have to hurdle some of that going forward. Longer term, we expect like anything else, we'll get more and more efficient yet getting some of those costs back, but short-term meaning over the next year, year-and-a-half, we are going to have some waitings on that which is built into our 2012 guidance and built into the comments I made about expecting a low double-digit growth in earnings per share next year.
Bob Weiss: Yes. The competitor product launches, I would say, one of our competitors came out with a non-silicone hydrogel lens that thus far we haven't heard any catching momentum in the marketplace. Silicone hydrogel lenses in the one-day modality still are what I would call [nichey], while they are getting a lot of our noise it is more noise than results in terms of how it's impacting the entire market, so I think we have collectively more going on with the Proclear 1 Day Multifocal, which is getting a fair amount of positive reviews and we certainly can see some of its impact on our multifocal numbers. While it's early with our rollout of Biofinity, I mentioned Biofinity Multifocal, I should have said Biofinity Toric going into the Japanese market, so we have a plenty of new product activity out there more so than any of our competitors.
Bob Weiss: Relative to gross margins for Biofinity, which is a monthly and is in the premium category, suffice it to say north of 65%. Relative to the growth of Biofinity, when compared to the overall growth of the silicone hydrogel family which is 35% worldwide, suffice it to say Biofinity's growing a lot faster than 35%.
Bob Weiss: Daily disposables in Europe certainly performed and held there. See, before I jump on that one. We held our own group. Well, I know what I need to do. I was almost going to give you the fact that it was fairly flat year-over-year, but that was only a result of foreign exchange, the euro. In constant currency, we certainly had the same growth rate in, let's say, double-digit growth in Europe in constant currency, so it held its own, meaning Proclear 1 Day is doing well in the one-day market, not only rest of the world but also in Europe.
Bob Weiss: We certainly, as the euro did its thing to our second quarter results, tightened our belt. To some degree, we tightened our belt, because we had been rapidly expanding our operating expenses investing in feet on the street, if you will, investing in R&D and investing in geographic expansion. Some of that we will continue to do. The things that we went slower on were those that were easier things to do that didn't impact the business such as, instead of always getting on a plane and flying and having a face-to-face meeting, more conference calls. When you have lot of people crisscrossing the globe, if you put a cap on what's crucial to be face-to-face and what's not you can save fair amount of money. Ultimately, you want people in front of people because they form better bonding and all that, so it is not you don't do forever, but you do that in short-term matters, if you will. I would say the things we did in the quarter by way of holding back expenses were easy to do as opposed to tough decisions in any reduction in force, if you will. Going forward, there are areas that we clearly are intent on putting resources behind. I would say we are building some momentum in, for example, China, where we've hired a few key critical people to manage that process, so that will lead in more investment opportunity in China as we've started to build the infrastructure. That's been going on all along. We did not slow that up, we in fact hired the key people we needed over the last six months. That will continue to allow us to grow more in that area and invest more in that area. We didn't want to get the carts in front of the horse and start hiring a bunch of people on feet on the street without having the management oversight. Relative to investment in new products and the re-launch of Avaira Toric, suffice it to say we will be over the next 12, 15 months investing fairly substantially in some of those areas, behind the new products.
Bob Weiss: Well, in our guidance obviously we had a fair amount of impact of foreign exchange in the third quarter $14 million and we expect substantially the same amount in the fourth quarter given year-over-year comp, so in organic constant currency, I think our guidance fits that range what we just delivered at the top end.
Bob Weiss: As far as the gross margin of one-day's, in general, we've been doing a pretty good job of getting cost out. Keep in mind that the bulk of one-day product is essentially all non-silicone hydrogel, and that's a lot of Proclear 1 Day as well as some in Japan, for example, some products other than the Proclear material. In both cases, both materials, Proclear and non-Proclear, we've done a good job of offsetting which has led to what I would call improvingly respectable one-day margins, but keep in mind those margins will still have a hard time of ever achieving that of a two-week or monthly. There is no expectation they'll get that high. There will always be, I think I used 50s, 60s, 70s example. Typically the one-day will be in the 50s, some place and you're doing good if you're in the top half of the 50s. Some of our products there in the two-weeks, you should be in the 60s-some place, and in the monthly you should be in the upper 60s, into the 70s usually. In our case, Biofinity is the lead product, and we expect it to stay well north of the 70s, so the answer to that one-day, while it's becoming a bigger part of the overall mix, that's a negative on the positive. It is getting a better gross margin. We will step back relative to the rollout of the one-day silicone hydrogel. That is just not going to be a high gross margin product for the near future, if you will. Analyst Meeting, we will give some flavor where we are going directionally, but we will not get into giving more color on, let's say, guidance on 2013. Directionally, we will talk about why we expect operating ratios to continue to improve into the future and put some color behind that, but a lot of it we will focusing on putting a lot more meat and color behind what we talk about our businesses, what they look like in more greater detail.
Bob Weiss: Yes. On the Origio, of course, we haven't given revenue guidance for next year. We did indicate that from a accretion point of view it's accretive. There is no change to that and there is, in our underlying assumptions, no major product launches in 2013, but of course Origio is actively working on to have a R&D pipeline, if you will, that anticipate some new products coming through it. We will add a little bit of color to not only Origio, but rest of surgical at the Analyst Presentation, so that may lend some more thoughts in that line of questioning. As far as the capacity, we are in good shape with capacity relative to most of our one-day line, axe silicone hydrogel. Meaning, the Proclear family as well as the other hydrogel families are not capacity constrained, Biofinity continues to ramp up nicely. We are not capacity constrained with Biofinity and we continue to endeavor to keep up with the growth curve, so when you have a business growing north of 35% constant currency, and you have lead capital requirements of 12 months-plus, then we stay on top of it from a CapEx point of view, which we are doing, so I don't anticipate that would, at this juncture catch us by surprise off of our product line with our silicone hydrogels doing north of $118 million, so now at a run rate of close to $500 million annualized. Assume that is predominately Biofinity gives you some gauge at the capacity we in that arena already. The products where we are constrained is, the Avaira line not only constrained on the Toric, but somewhat on the sphere side, partly because we stepped back and gave up some productivity when we had the recall episode. Aside from that, we are ramping up in those areas and we are ramping up in the one-day silicone hydrogel modality. I would assume both, Avaira Toric and the one-day silicone hydrogels will be somewhat constraint for at least the next 12 months in terms of our ability to sell all we can make, would be the case of the one-day silicone hydrogel more than 12 months.
Bob Weiss: As far as the multifocal growth of course the market for the quarter was 11%, in the calendar quarter we were 31%. On a trailing 12-month basis the market growth for multi-focal was 10%. We grew 21%, 2x. The driver clearly is Biofinity Multifocal, and we are just starting to build momentum in our rollout of Proclear 1 Day Multifocal. That would have had insignificant impact given fairly small size in the last quarter on any of those numbers, so assume that essentially the trailing 12-month number is essentially all the Biofinity impact driving.
Bob Weiss: As far as 2013 and going forward, how are we thinking about the market from a conceptual point of view is, we expect the market to continue to grow modestly in that range of 4% to 6%, still in a sluggish economy. Someday, I clearly expect that to accelerate beyond the recession. While we say we are recession-resistant, we are still somewhat impacted and when the global economy improves, I would expect the 4% to 6% to uptick higher than a midpoint of 5. In terms of how to think about our performance within the market, we'll continue to expect to gain share with the new products we offer with geographic expansion in our general existing portfolio products such as Biofinity, we will gain share. In the past, we've been gaining at 1.8 to 1.9, the market growth. Essentially all we are saying in the future is, we will gain share. Whether or not we achieve the same level, we're not going to, if you will, refine that thinking other than to say we'll continue to uptick and gain share in our view. I would emphasize that as a trailing 12-month basis as opposed to where we gain share in each and every quarter. One quarter a trend does not make, so I wouldn't get too hung upon any one quarter. I would get hung up, if we were losing share on a trailing 12-month basis. As far as surgical, CooperSurgical will be impacted by the annualization of Origio, which brings with it north of $60 million in revenue and we expect that to grow organically as well as contribute from the acquisition. Surgical has been growing axe Origio general in that 6% to 8% range, and we would expect it to continue to be mid to upper single-digit growth going forward.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us on this call, and we look forward to seeing many of you in New York, next week, and also reporting in December, on our year-end financial results. The year is certainly flying by. We're excited about the conclusion of the year and the execution this year and looking forward optimistically to 2013, so on that, have a good evening.
