Robert S. Weiss: Yeah, Joanne, two things. Our year-over-year growth for silicone hydrogel was 13%. So, the entire family of four, Biofinity, Avaira, clariti and MyDay. For the 1-Day silicone hydrogels, it was 50% constant currency year over year.
Robert S. Weiss: Let's just say that our focus is on obviously the two that we're in the middle of, which is clariti and MyDay. There will be enhancements along the way of many of our families of products. There will be extended ranges of the families. And so, suffice it to say, you can call those future generation upgrades, if you will.
Robert S. Weiss: So, we had a $0.26 beat for the quarter of which $0.04 was foreign exchange compared to guidance or $0.22. And for the back nine months, we improved it $0.15 in aggregate, $0.14 of which was foreign exchange and $0.01 – did I get it? It's actually...
Robert S. Weiss: $0.14 in aggregate, of which $0.13 is foreign exchange and $0.01 is basically improvement in operations.
Robert S. Weiss: So, the slowdown is really a function not of what's getting an eye. It's year-over-year tough comps, which is U.S. dominant, if you will. We had 11% growth a year ago, and so it's against that tough comp. Since the U.S. is so weighted to specialty lenses compared to outside the U.S., yet shows up as what appears to be a deceleration of the growth of the lenses in our specialty area, torics and multifocals. Our expectation, as we indicated several times, is that the comps are easier post the first quarter, so we expect to return to a more normalized growth rate which is built into our revenue guidance, and certainly that would impact specially – heavily because of its U.S. orientation. And it will also impact our gross margin going forward since specialty lenses carry a higher gross margin percent.
Robert S. Weiss: As of today, we're still capacity-constrained with MyDay. We are rolling out shortly into Japan. We are ramping up very nicely, we're happy with that. And suffice it to say that within the next year, we will expect to say we are no longer capacity-constrained even on MyDay.
Robert S. Weiss: So on the first item, we're not going to get into the specifics of what concessions we made that impacted revenue. But suffice it to say, Europe put up reasonably respectful numbers as in – the growth area at 8% constant currency. So that probably will allow you to gauge it a little. From the point of view of clariti being accretive, our intent is consistent with what your assessment is that it would not be a drag on our overall gross margin going into the acquisition of clariti, and that would be, yes, north of that 62%-63% range that you assessed.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, as far as could we do anything to accelerate the MyDay rollout by expanding our CapEx requirements, there are long lead times with MyDay. So we've already put in place all the bells – all the orders, so to speak, and requirements to get that ramped up to where we need to. That's already in the works and built into our forecasted CapEx numbers. And things, as I indicated, are going very well to plan in that arena. Relative to UPP, if it went away – or Unilateral Pricing Policy, if it went away tomorrow, I'm not sure there'd be much of a significant impact on the industry or the competitive landscape. Suffice it to say I think many independent eye care practitioners have figured out that there are workarounds out there to UPP. And maybe it's not all that it was cracked up to be when it first came out as a novel new idea. So as long as the eye care practitioners are being taken care of relative to servicing those that write the script, I think nothing major will have changed. And life would go on if it went away, and I'd applaud that if it happened actually.
Robert S. Weiss: You're correct. The competitive landscape is pretty jumpy right now, if you will, a lot of changes within all of the competitors, if you will. Alcon's undergoing a major restructuring within Novartis, and they're pulling things out of what we used to call Alcon and will probably be in the future won't – I don't know how they'll deal with the names. But that certainly is not a handicap to us. J&J's going through another assignment of executives in some of their key areas, which is kind of a training ground for J&J in the contact lens space. So there is a change there. They of course have put a lot of muscle, or the executive that was transitioning out put a lot of muscle over the last two months – the last two quarters in rolling out OASYS 1-Day. And other thoughts are in the works there. We like change in that sense. We like some of what J&J did by way of trying to accelerate the death, if you will, of the two-week space in the U.S., which they happen to own well north of 80% of. So anytime they put their own franchise in play, I think all the competitors like that. And whether it goes into what the so-called one-week, so-called 1-Day or to go into the one-month, that's putting it all in play, that's fine from our perspective. So, we still think we're the one to be caught up with relative to complete portfolio of silicone hydrogel 1-Day at both the mass market and having a silicone hydrogel entry into the 1-Day premium market. So we think we have the best deck of cards or hand of cards, if you will, and like the way the industry continues to perform in good times and in bad times. So, the growth of the industry is there. Everything we've said about the trading up into 1-Day as the driver of the industry, the fact that it's 4X to 6X or 400% to 600% more revenue for the same patient, all of that is continuing to come about.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, first on what Cooper's doing. Cooper is continuing to execute its plan, which was to roll out MyDay as a premium 1-Day silicone hydrogel and clariti as a mass market 1-Day silicone hydrogel, with a complete family of toric, multifocal and sphere. Nothing is changing by way of our focus on executing that strategy. We still believe that silicone hydrogel belongs in the 1-Day space. And therefore, the fact that 77% of the non-1-Day space is already silicone hydrogel, we still believe we have the right product portfolio in the right space, and it will convert into silicone hydrogels as we go forward. And nothing in any of the numbers we're looking at by ways of the growth of the 1-Day market or the growth of silicone hydrogels causes us to take pause in that view. The fact that J&J put up robust numbers, yes, they came out with a new product and yes, they distributed it widely and deeply. They had very easy comps from the prior year, so some of that growth is anomalous. And you may recall, in the prior year, they were going through that transition where they were the only one that did adopt UPP or Unilateral Pricing Policy for not only new products wherein we were dedicating a lot of time to the eye care professional to learn the new products, they decided to do it for the products they've had in the marketplace for 10 years. So there was nothing new about it. There was no reason to think that the eye care professional had to dedicate a whole bunch of new time to learn the new technology. But it was easy comps. So nothing changes from the point of view of our expectation. As I pointed out, we had very tough comps in the first quarter. We do not have those same tough comps in the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter. So, our focus remains on execution. As far as MyDay in Japan, we are rolling it out literally this month, which is March. And we're not doing, because of capacity limitations, anything like the J&J, OASYS 1-Day rollout where they hit everyone all over. So it will be a much more orderly rollout that I wouldn't go crazy because of our capital limitations or our capacity limitations on having high expectations for significantly moving the needle on the top line this fiscal year.
Robert S. Weiss: Okay. Well, first of all, silicone hydrogel 1-Day today is around a little north of $600 million. It's north of 20% of the 1-Day category, which is about $3 billion, little north of that. We expect that $3 billion of a $7.4 billion industry, if you will, to move to about 50% of a $10 billion industry constant currency provisional between now and 2020. So of that $10 billion in 2020 at current exchange rates, we expect half of it to be or $5 billion to be in the 1-Day modality. And of that $5 billion, a lot more than 20%, suffice it to say, your barometer is someplace between that 20% which is rapidly going higher, and the 77% that is in the non-1-Day modality, it will be someplace in the middle. And one could easily take the middle of it and say about 50% of the $5 billion which is 50% of the $10 billion is not a bad gauge for 2020.
Robert S. Weiss: Right. I'll do the latter one first. The expectation on the SiHy daily is as you indicated, we expect higher growth in 2016 than 2015 and 2015 was mid-40%s. And this last quarter, in constant currency was 50%. So that we expect to hold – equal that or exceed it if you were going forward or at least exceed the 45% of last year for the entire fiscal year. So nothing has changed in our expectation on that and the rollout there. Relative to Biofinity and Avaira which dropped below double-digit for the first time in I think ever, at 7%, that 7% is basically anomalous relative to its concentration in – particularly Avaira's primarily a U.S. product and so that concentration in the Americas weights that down and we expect that to normalize going forward and be double-digit.
Robert S. Weiss: So on where is MyDay today, we indicated we expected it to move into the 20%s. It is in the 20%s as a gross margin. We longer term expect it to move into the 50%s which is more the traditional 1-Day modality, if you will, gross margin. We – relative to if all of silicone hydrogel moved deeply into the 1-Day modality or as my model was, $2.5 billion out of $5 billion out of $10 billion, $10 billion being total, $5 billion being 1-Day, $2.5 billion being silicone hydrogel in 2020. If that were to happen, given where we are with clariti as a mass market high gross margin 1-Day silicone hydrogel, we think we would be a big enough player that it wouldn't put an undue drain on the entire industry. Having said that, there's no doubt that if we were comparing what the industry would be if it stayed and moved from two-week and 1-Day into the monthly modality, where margins would be going up, because by definition they're monthlies, compared to the 1-Day there's no doubt that a 1-Day modality is lower than a monthly modality. A two-week noncompliant market which defines or profiles the U.S. market, could only and should only do better no matter where it goes because a noncompliant two-week isn't an optimal gross margin. And the industry is focusing in on how to make compliance better and the best way do that is kill off the two-week, if you will.
Robert S. Weiss: All right. On the concessions, we indicated we were not going to disclose that. We said the same thing on the fourth quarter call. I think what – other than me pointing you at the EMEA growth of 8% as being fairly robust, meaning the factors that hit gross margin and I think Greg touched upon them, are multiple. And concessions is one, but they're clearly foreign exchange and the lag on that is another. And quite frankly, the ramping up of MyDay while it's still in a lower gross margin categories, all factors. So no one is driving our gross margin of 61%. And I think we indicated we're expecting to be in around 64% by the end of the year to give you some indication where direction that will go. Relative to the new version Biofinity, I used the extended range as an example of things that we're doing, particularly in the area of torics where extended ranges, custom lenses matter. And one of Cooper's claims to fame and why we're so good in specialty lenses is, we're very capable of customizing lenses and addressing 100% of the audience instead of 80%. A lot of our competitors only worry about the bell curve, the 80%. So when we talk about making Biofinity even better, it's things like that. And whether or not we upgrade and add things that some of our competitors have done over the years when they have a product that's been around a long time, will there be some refreshing of different things? Perhaps, but we'll not go any further into that at this juncture. I was using the extended range because it is a broadening of the family and availability in the family. As far as J&J, if they move into the monthly, that will only further exacerbate the death of the two-week. So who's to say, they own north of 80% of the wearer base in the two-week space. They know better than anyone how noncompliant it is. And they know if they can move people from the two-week space to the monthly space and charge 30%, 40%, 50% or 60% for a monthly higher than a two-week noncompliant, they are much better off even if they don't get the – well, they have to get the lion's share, but even if they don't get it all as they put people in play. So net-net-net, we view J&J activity putting the two-week market in play as a plus for Cooper, as a plus for the industry.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, thank you. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. I hope you're as excited as I am about our start to the New Year, and our outlook for the New Year. We look forward to updating you on our second quarter conference call which I believe is June 2. And in the interim, we'll be able to execute on a number of other things including the launch in Japan. So we'll update you more on the progress we're making there as well as continued expansion of MyDay and our success in the 1-Day silicone hydrogel space. So we look forward to updating you in early June. Thank you.
