Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis. So please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. First quarter consolidated revenues were $787 million, up 16% and up 13% organically. Consolidated gross margin decreased year-over-year by 90 basis points to 66.9%, driven primarily by currency, but also lower sales of PARAGARD, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs at CooperVision. Operating expenses grew 19% to 42.3% of revenues with the addition of Generate and higher investment activity. Consolidated operating margins were 24.6%, down from 26.9% last year due to the negative impact of FX and higher investing. In addition, we did see higher freight, secondary handling and distribution costs within cost of goods and OpEx and expect this to continue, although price increases are helping to offset the impact. Interest expense was $6.6 million on higher average debt, partially offset by lower interest rates. The effective tax rate was 13.3%, higher primarily due to the Generate acquisition. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.24 with roughly 49.9 million average shares outstanding. FX negatively impacted us by $0.37 in the quarter, which was $0.02 worse than we forecasted at the time of our last earnings call. Free cash flow was solid at $109 million, comprised of $166 million of operating cash flow, offset by $57 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased by $1.6 billion to $3 billion, driven by the acquisition of Generate. And our adjusted leverage ratio increased to 2.71x. During the quarter, we repurchased roughly 191,200 shares of the company’s common stock for $78.5 million at an average purchase price of $410.41 per share, that’s $410.41. Roughly $256 million remains authorized for repurchase under our program. Moving to guidance. We’ve updated our numbers to reflect our outperformance in Q1, the addition of Generate, new currency rates and the assumption of a 25 basis point rate increase by the Fed next week. Prior to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, this would have meant the midpoint for EPS would have been roughly $14.35, but currency has moved significantly against us over the past week. We’re increasing prices to offset the negative impact, and hopefully, the currency moves are temporary, but we’re taking a conservative approach and fully incorporating negative currency into our guidance, noting that the scope, degree and duration of the crisis on the global economy is an evolving risk. With this, the new consolidated revenue range is $3.261 billion to $3.329 billion, up 6.5% to 8.5% organically. Within this, CooperVision revenue guidance is $2.221 billion to $2.264 billion, up 7% to 9% organically. CooperSurgical revenues are expected to be between $1.04 billion and $1.065 billion, up 35% to 38% as reported or 5% to 7% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $13.70 to $14.20. We estimate interest expense around $42 million, which assumes a 25 basis point rate increase, remembering that $1 billion of our debt is fixed – is at fixed rates. We estimate the full year tax rate to be around 14%. Regarding currency, on a year-over-year basis, the negative FX headwind is now roughly 3.5% to revenues and roughly 10% negative impact to EPS. Note this guidance does not include our pending Cook Medical reproductive health acquisition as the transaction has not yet closed. Regarding Cook, we announced this acquisition on February 7 for $875 million. This is a really nice strategic fit as they manufacture and sell minimally invasive medical devices focused on their fertility and gynecology markets. With this acquisition, we will be improving our international fertility footprint, especially within the Asia Pac region and will be adding highly synergistic and respected labor and delivery medical devices. From a financial perspective, this business had roughly $158 million in sales in calendar 2021, and we expect long-term growth in the range of 5% to 9%. Additionally, we expect year 1 non-GAAP EPS accretion of roughly $0.60. For more information, please visit our IR website, where there is a presentation. In summary, we’re pleased with this quarter’s performance and believe our momentum will continue, driven by strategic investments in both businesses that will support share gains and durable long-term revenue and earnings growth. And with that, I’ll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Yes. So, you are exactly right. And we are heading towards the roughly $0.44-or-so that gets you to that 10.5 months of $0.50 that we guided to. So, definitely on track to hit that $0.50, but that’s kind of how you get there. And I would say the gating, if you will, is going to be fairly similar per quarter.
Brian Andrews: Yes, sure. Thanks, Andrew. So yes, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are definitely seeing inflationary pressures, and we are helping to offset some of those with price increases. That was obviously factored into our guidance last time and we factored into our guidance inflationary pressures this time around. I mean, obviously, it’s definitely a headwind. We are seeing – I mentioned also freight, secondary handling, distribution, so whether it’s cost of goods or OpEx. We have got some good guys offsetting that. But certainly, if things get worse and there is contagion as a result of the Ukraine crisis and fuel prices continue to increase and there is a knock-on effect, then that’s hard to factor in. But for now, we think we have got a pretty good handle on what we have seen so far and we think we factored into our guidance.
Al White: Yes. No update on that. We’re working through the regulatory approval processes right now we have here in the U.S. and then some work councils and stuff in Europe. So no real update on that. With respect to the $0.60 when we do close, that should be pretty stable, if you will. Not a lot of seasonality in that business. So you could almost just say $0.15 a quarter is probably an easy way to look at it. But yes, we seem to be closing these in the middle of the quarter, which I appreciate, makes things a little bit more different – difficult.
Al White: Yes, that’s a good question. I think that Q2, if we look at CooperVision, it’s going to end up being fairly similar to Q1, which is different than it usually is because usually, Q2 is a little bit stronger. We did see a nice rebound in activity certainly in Europe and Asia Pac. We didn’t get stocking. It was just an increase in activity. So that was a good sign. We had some good trends going. The situation with Russia and the Ukraine and how that impacts Europe, it’s a little bit of a question mark right now. And then the impact of currency. I mean we’ve had a situation here where basically the dollar has strengthened against all currencies across the board. So that’s obviously taken a bite out of our earnings and out of our revenue. So we will see how that plays out. But I think that this quarter will be meaning – this quarter meaning fiscal Q2 will be somewhat similar from a revenue perspective for CooperVision as Q1.
Al White: Yes. So the way I look at it ends up being more on a comp basis. I mean we’re starting to be in a situation here in 2022 where we’re comping against a more traditional, if you will, marketplace, where we didn’t have a lot of those – the COVID swings or the COVID weaker quarters. So when I look at, for instance, the contact lens market and I think about something in that maybe it’s 4% to 6% growth kind of range and we’re at the high end of that or should arguably go a little bit above that. But then I do ratchet it back and kind of think a little bit about what’s going on around the world with supply chain and trade disruptions and that type of activity and try to incorporate a little bit of that. So Brian and I were just talking about that. It’s tough, tough, tough timing with what’s going on, obviously, in the world right now to try to incorporate the guidance on that. So I certainly hope that we’re being a little conservative on that guidance. But for right now, I think it’s probably pretty reasonable. In other words, Larry, I mean, one kind of takeaway is I don’t want to imply in any way that our business isn’t strong, that there is not great momentum because there was. What we saw in Q1 was continuing in this quarter, and we feel pretty optimistic about things across the board. But a little bit more conservative, certainly based on what’s transpired over the last week.
Al White: Sure. Yes. On SightGlass in the U.S., I think we’re in a situation here where we will just wait and we will give the 3-year data. So we’ve been having some conversations with the FDA about approval for that. But we’re closing in on a point where we will get the 3-year data in a couple of months, be able to pull that together and submit that to them. So I think I’m still optimistic that we will get something during 2022, but my guess is it’s probably more towards the latter part. With respect to China, TBD on the data that you don’t have the same regulatory restrictions there that you do here. So it’s a matter of working out the agreements with Essilor and lining up the distribution and so forth on that. So I do think that, that one happens, but I’ll hold back for right now, at least on the timing of that one.
Al White: Yes. That’s a really good question because that product is doing really well. And as you know, there is some competitive products in the marketplace that have been launched. So we’ve been really happy with the reception of that. We obviously have it in the U.S. and still launching it. We did launch it in some other larger markets around the world. But there is still numerous markets to launch into, and we still have to finish launches, if you will, in a number of markets, including rolling out more fitting sets and so forth here in the U.S. So we’re going to continue to put up strong MyDay multifocal growth through the year. I would imagine every earnings call, you’ll have me making a statement around that based on the momentum that we have right now.
Al White: Yes. So there is a big conference at kind of in the end of March time frame, into the beginning of April. It’s just a big optical conference in China. So that’s really the target. So the product is available now. We’re starting to launch the product, get it into hospitals and so forth. Docs are getting their hands on it. Certainly, we’ve done seminars and other things. The true big launch, if you will, will be at that optical conference. So no delays, no problems, no issues, nothing along those lines. I just think that it will really get rolling towards the end of this fiscal quarter and then in the back half of our year.
Al White: No. I think it was foot traffic. We heard some of that commentary from some of our competitors, and I would agree with that. That’s what we’ve kind of seen because we haven’t seen anything else associated with that. Based on current trends here, when I look at just what’s going on, how January went and how February is and our expectations, I expect us to be back to posting growth here in Q2 on that one. But I do think that, that was due to two things. One was staffing shortages associated with COVID. And then the other was just some reduced foot traffic, if you will, due to Omicron-related issues.
Al White: Yes. So basically, what we did there was took the 6% to 8% guidance that we had beforehand, we increased it to 7% to 9% to reflect the strong performance in Q1. We didn’t really move it outside of just incorporating that. If you look at the numbers, it’s almost like you can think out on an as-reported basis, we had a nice beat and then currency took the delta away there. So from that perspective, kind of our – holding our expectations where they are for Q2 to Q4, even in the face of some of the global uncertainty, if you will. A lot of that came from outperformance in Europe and in Asia Pac, where we’re over-indexed. We’re number one in Europe, and we have a really strong presence, for example, in Japan. So as we’ve seen those markets start to come back and get closer to where the U.S. is at, we have a tendency to outperform in those areas. So that’s what you saw. I mean, yes, there is a little bit of price. Everyone has taken a little bit of price, so that’s a little component of it. But I think it was more starting to see global economies, really economies outside of the U.S. start to return to normal. And as they did and they catch up to the U.S. contact lens market, if you will, we’re a greater recipient of that type of positive activity.
Al White: Yes. I don’t think there has really been any activity in terms of stocking or anything that I have really seen from our perspective associated with pricing. We are taking price increases, low-single digit kind of price increases. But you are exactly right, it’s very difficult to see because not only do you have the component of direct price from the manufacturer and list prices, you also have markups associated with distributors or anyone else, frankly, along the process as they look to take price to offset kind of inflationary pressures. Pricing is a little different around the world. There are some countries right now, even if we get to Russia in particular, right, where we are taking much larger price increases to offset currency moves. So, it’s a little bit all over the place right now. But I would say it’s positive. I mean everyone is kind of raising price to just varying degrees and then seeing how that plays through. And we have always been a little lower, for instance, if you look at rebate activities than some of our competitors have been. So, that’s another factor that you would have to take into consideration when looking at price.
Al White: Yes, sure. Absolutely. No, we received that code, it’s fantastic, and it’s a relatively specific related code, which is really good news. The ultimate question ends up on that is how much is the reimbursement amount associated with that? And that would be the reason where – I am excited about that, and I am optimistic about where things are going and so forth. But I will temper any enthusiasm until we get to a point where we are seeing what those reimbursement dollar amounts are. But overall, a clear positive and a clear step in the right direction, that’s for sure.
Al White: Yes. I think the clear learning on this that’s done over the last couple of years is it takes a little while to get traction. We were more optimistic, certainly, early on that as a physician got – as eye care practitioner got the product into their practice, they would start selling it to every pediatric patient who walked into the door. What we saw is they were pretty active right away, and they would choose a patient or two patients. But it wasn’t as sticky right upfront as we thought it was going to be. So, we have kind of altered some of our attention, some of our focus, if you will, to ensure that we are helping eye care practitioners build up their myopia management practice. Because if you really talk to optometrists right now and you dig into what’s going on in myopia management, so many of them are trying to figure out how to create a myopia management practice, because it’s something they want to do. They are excited about it. They see the value in it. Whether it’s Ortho-K, whether it’s MiSight, it’s something they want to do. But prescribing to kids and talking to parents and so forth is oftentimes a significant difference from what they are used to doing. So, helping them along that journey is proving to be really, really valuable for building a long-term relationship. But really recognizing that and understanding that and figuring out how to help eye care practitioners build a subset of their business, if you will, has been a big learning for us. And the team has done a really nice job on that. I feel like they pivoted quickly. They are understanding that. They are out there helping physicians and build practices and so forth. But I would say that’s our biggest learning is that this takes time. And I was really optimistic it was going to shoot up really, really fast. But it takes time. We are building a lot of traction. We are putting up good numbers. We are getting good growth, all that kind of stuff. It just takes a little bit of time.
Al White: Yes. MiSight retention rates have remained pretty high. So, they are still in the 85% to 90% kind of range, which is a really good sign, and it’s part of what’s supporting the business or the underlying growth of that business as we don’t have a lot of kids dropping out once they get into the product. New fits to switch fits, new fits are continuing to get better. We are seeing better foot traffic in optometry offices. We are seeing improvements in fit activity. That’s clearly benefiting ourselves, and frankly, the industry, but it’s benefiting us a little bit more, given a lot of our growth comes from new fit activity. I am not sure I would highlight anything too particular other than probably daily silicones, because we have talked about that in the past. That’s the driver of the market. When you are getting new fit activity and patients are coming in, that’s where the optometrist has the tendency to go as they grab one of the new daily silicone hydrogels in the marketplace. So, that’s a positive, obviously, for the entire industry. You saw it in our daily silicone numbers of 25% growth. So, really strong numbers that we are certainly capturing our fair share and more of new fit activity when it comes to that space.
Al White: I honestly don’t know that off the top of my head. I stopped looking at that number because we were training so many people, and then we were training office people also. It wasn’t just ECPs. So, it’s a pretty significant number. I think that there is definitely more room here for training in the U.S. But I would probably venture to say the bigger focus has shifted from getting more people trained to deeper relationships with existing accounts and with those who we know should be big accounts. So, certainly more focus there. I think there is still significant opportunity. I really truly believe that the myopia management space is going to be a multibillion dollar industry, and that will include glasses and contact lenses. But there is a massive amount of momentum out there in the optometry space right now, talking about myopia management, and I don’t see that changing. So, it’s more about deeper relationships and helping people grow that part of their business than it is getting them trained enough to speed on it.
Al White: Sure. Yes. Yes, we do acquisitions. We have had a couple of bigger ones here. Brian mentioned, we just bought some stock back this last quarter. So, we continue to look at the same thing. We invest in our business wherever we can find opportunities. That always provides the best return for us. We look at acquisitions if they make sense, and we will buy stock back if we think it makes sense. With Cook coming up and closing, we will focus a little bit more of our energy and attention on paying down debt. We are not going to – we don’t anticipate seeing leverage go even over 3x, but having said that, we are up a little bit higher than we historically are. So, we will probably have a little bit greater focus in the near-term at least of paying down debt and maybe looking at some stock buybacks than another larger acquisition.
Al White: Great. Thank you, everyone. I appreciate everyone’s attention and for calling in. I know a lot of people have a lot of things going on right now. As we have discussed, we started the year up really well here. So, we are really excited about where vision sits today and where surgical sits. And we have got good momentum. We think that’s going to continue. So, if anyone has any questions or follow-ups, certainly give us a call. Otherwise, we look forward to speaking with everyone on our next earnings call in early June. Thank you, operator.
