Bob Weiss: Thank you, Jeff. The point on the market that 5% that’s perhaps a little bit more normalized than we've had over the last couple years, it’s been a little uneven started way back in September 2015 when J&J kind of went off UPP and did a lot of things with their product line that led to some pipeline so as they ruled out the new OASYS one-day modality. So ever since then, it's been a little uneven. But on the trail trailing 12-month basis, 4% -- a solid 4% and clearly the most recent quarter at 5% with solid results in Asia and in Europe. As far as Clariti, you're right, there's been some pricing changes that have occurred in the industry and not only has there been changes, but there's been the -- for the most part post UPP era, ex-Energys, our one new product, a novel product and what you're seeing in the industry not only in Cooper is we're really working hard to get new fits, everyone is doing it. We believe Clariti is well-positioned by way of rebates to convince more and more people to go to the Energys changing from one product to the other. We are clearly winning the battle with Clariti on trading up from hydrogels to silicone hydrogels. We are winning the battle of new fits very well. We need to work a little harder on converting others in the mass-market and some of our competitors have created an environment that makes that opportunity more ripe right now and we are seizing the moment. Obviously, Clariti has done very nicely and MyDay has done very nicely, up 43% for the quarter. So we are putting up good numbers, but we want to do better yet.
Bob Weiss: So our hiring is global and it’s split in both divisions, so both Surgical and Vision. The emphasis in Vision is likewise global. So you are seeing expansions in the geographic areas. Importantly, we wanted a lot of attention in the U.S. market where we are immensely under index, and so we made good progress there. I won't cite exact numbers, but I will say that year-over-year, our sales force expansion feet on the street and in-house combination is up 16% in Vision, 15% overall. So balance between the two units and good solid growth, I think, you are seeing some of the results of that in pretty strong U.S. and Americas performance, basically were the driver of the market growth in the Americas right now. We are up 8% over the last 12 months. While the market is up 2% translated we are it. So I think the feet on the street, the product portfolio we have is working very nicely. Since we are doing it in Asia-Pac and in Europe, you are likewise seeing solid numbers there also.
Bob Weiss: Larry, the only I would add to Al’s comments is when you think of the 28%, you're comparing it to the second quarter. Keep in mind that, historically we will have a lighter operating margin in the first quarter and that -- as a result of that year-to-date our operating margin is more like 24.8%, 25%. But having said that, Al is correct that there is a lot of tailwinds and we will refresh along the way.
Bob Weiss: Yeah. The supply constraint, as far as Biofinity, which is growing solidly, the combination of Biofinity and Avaira is up 12% with Biofinity being at the higher end and Avaira as it goes through the conversion lower end of those numbers of that number. Energys is still early in the rollout around the world, so it just -- it made its entrée into the U.S. initially and it's gone into Europe now, but has a ways to go in that conversion and rollout, it’s not so much may be production capability as it is the mechanics of rolling out a product around the world. As far as Biofinity Toric XR that is kind of a meet order. We do not stock that product. So while we have reasonable capacity to support the orders that come in, it’s -- both of those products are performing extremely well in the U.S. and we believe that's a good indicator of how that will translate around the world as we go deeper. As far as the conversion of Avaira to Vitality, its gone well I would say in the U.S. More than half the revenue now is coming in from Vitality, so it made some good progress and but still have the other half to go and that’s the sphere, the sphere part is the easy part, torics are lot more complicated. So look for both of those to rollout as I indicated throughout this year and into next year and will be pretty much done as we get through next year with the conversion. As far as market share numbers, the J&J number included what they reported some of lens care that they picked up in the acquisition that they made of -- from Abbott. So factoring in their number was a little less than the aggregate that they reported. But the share gainers with the market growing 5% and Cooper growing 2x the market pretty much assume that Alcon is not gaining share and there is not a data those buy that. They don't talk about it at Novartis in terms of their frustration with Alcon overall. And so it's still a company that just recently is, I think, this morning the CEO indicated they are evaluating what they are going to do with Alcon in the middle of that. J&J is holding its own clearly with its numbers and then B&L continues to loss. So pretty much we are closing the gap on number two which is Alcon to have a little ways to go but we would hope over the next couple years we will catch up with them and pass them.
Bob Weiss: Yes. Sure. The category is growing nicely. There are a lot of new products coming in from all us as well as all our competitors and so that category has been growing basically double-digit, probably, about 12% to 14% worldwide over the last several years, turn down a little maybe the last quarter, but still close to double-digit. We put up lesser numbers, as you indicated, 6%, I think, the important thing to remember with us is, we had some pretty tough comps, if you are looking at the numbers we had a year ago. It was like 13%. So a solid prior year comp that we were hurdling if you will in this last quarter. Overall, the market is now 8% of the world market, so it continues to grow faster than the spherical market and almost -- and basically offers a small base it’s growing faster than the toric market, but still the toric market is three quarters of the specialty market. So toric market is about 22% of the share of the contact lens market, multifocal is about 8%, all up 30% in specialty lenses where we’re number one and we think we have the right product portfolio.
Bob Weiss: So, on the return the rep, other than to say that, we are still early in the game given how many people we have hired, but so far so good. We are so index -- under index against our two largest competitors that we will keep -- we will continue to hire what makes sense in the right area. So it’s geographic specific and we are monitoring it and we are at the point now where a lot of these reps start becoming quite productive. But feet on the street in coverage where we were not covering a lot of accounts, obviously the feet on the street gives us the horsepower to get into more and more locations where our competitors show up and we don't and there is quite a few of those. So we're not done yet. I would say we will continue to grow our sales and marketing faster than our revenue at least for the balance of this year and we will see about next year.
Bob Weiss: Okay. Yeah. The consumer purchasing trend is yet remained solid. Of course the biggest driver in the marketplace continues to be the trading up, in other words taking the existing consumer base and moving it from the two-week modality into the primarily the one-day modality, but to lesser extent into the monthly modality. But consumer purchasing is -- has been reasonably -- its fine if you will.
Bob Weiss: So, from the point of view of distributors and their role in the equation, the independent distributors, there obviously has been debate by some over the years on their role and how much one would pay for that role that debate continues, some competitors taking more aggressive stance than others. Clearly there is a service they render, they render service by virtue the fact that most eye care, independent eye care professionals are ordering from all manufacturers and in so doing rather than having all these packages arrive every day from all these manufacturers there is a lot of opportunity to consolidate and there's an efficiency factor that the independent spring bring to the equation. And that debate is existed forever and I'm sure will continue to be debated forevermore by all the various interested parties.
Bob Weiss: Hey. First of all, first on the UPP or post-UPP era for the most part, there were some price changes made by some of our -- by the industry, not only some of our competitors, but price changes made in the post-UPP era. There also was more activity if you will in rebates, so when you look at the price increases, obviously, yes, they were and they were fairly robust by the standards of norm what normally has been the case in the last 15year, 20 years in the industry. They -- anytime there was price changes that obviously create some opportunity by various players, including yours truly. So we have been reactionary in some areas to what's going on in the industry. We happen to be have the only product that remains under UPP which is Energys, which is a novel product and we think so the purpose of UPP is well served by our product like that, a new products where there's a lot of cheer time and you are trying to incentivize a doctor to make a switch on the customer that maybe -- customer with current product they have. But overall the pricing in the industry is favorable and rebates are favorable and rebates are very much geared to the world to try like it. I want to incentivize you for new fit. I want to incentivize you to move someone from product A to product B and then from there you follow onto what hopefully is an annuity stream with less aggressive rebates for the new fit. Relative to surgical, it made seven or eight acquisitions over the last year and a half or close to two years now. Will we make any more? We obviously generate a lot of cash. We obviously are interested in continued geographic reach and tuck-in and we will do -- where deals make sense we will continue to do them.
Bob Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We are aware it’s near the school -- the end of the school year, so people have some priorities frequently this time a year dealing with graduating students, getting kids out of class, so we appreciate that everyone took time. Hopefully you are pleased with the results as we are and are outlook and we look forward to updating you again in the end of August, I guess, August 31st is our next quarterly call and we look forward to it. Thank you.
Al White: Yeah. So two pieces on that, the kind of $0.30 we were talking about which was $0.10 going down towards zero was, let’s call it $0.10 going down to $0.05 and maybe it's $0.03 or $0.02 next quarter something like that going down to $0.01 or whatever and then kind of disappearing, so definitely made a nice step in the right direction here in that, that positive move kind of impact even in the Q2 gross margins. If you look at it, it's to some degree kind of half-and-half there, it's a little bit more than half is driven by the product mix and those efficiency improvements we are talking about and then a little bit less than half is coming from currency. When you look at this sustainability, it is there, I mean, there are some things that are moving around in terms of our production and so forth and currency as it flows through, the pound moves and so forth, but this was a pretty strong legitimate quarter and kind of shows what the business can do when it is sitting on mostly all cylinders.
Al White: Yeah. So a couple of comments, the 28% goal, we update those annually, so we’ll update that when we finish the fiscal year. The only thing I would say to that is we did updated to some degree if you were -- will by being clear that it was 28% or higher. We are clearly on a trajectory to be north of 28% and feel comfortable with that but we do that once year. So we will do that again here in the couple quarters. On the margin upside question, we are going to have gross margins a little bit north of 64.5% this year, so on a consolidated basis pretty strong. We got -- we certainly have margin upside in CooperSurgical now that we reset to lift that higher. On a full year basis we are going to have margin upside in CooperVision also all else being equal, that will be driven by kind of the same thing, excluding currency, which will have some upside in currency as we move through this year. But assuming currency holds steady. The manufacturing efficiencies that we have in place, cost reduction programs, product mix shift, which is a positive with items like we talked about of Avaira to Avaira Vitality, the conversion from traditional daily hydrogel to Clariti, all those are kind of positive. So I won’t put any specific numbers out there. But we do have margin upside here in the coming years from both businesses. When you look at revenue speaking, I think, you are speaking mainly of CooperVision, yeah, and we are kind of running in that 8% constant currency in the first half of the year, guiding to 7% to 8%, obviously, took the bottom of that way and pull the bottom end up up to 7% to 8%. We do have a challenging comp in Q4. You will remember from last year or so. I think we feel good about revenues. We are obviously put up a very strong Q1. We put up a strong Q2 against the tough comp. We feel good about the back half of the year, but it’s prudent to remain in that 7% to 8% range and not get more aggressive.
Al White: Yeah. On the margins that coming on both, I mean, our CooperVision gross margins, they are sustainable subject to our normal variability if you will by quarter. So as I mentioned in Q3, we have the plant shutdowns what’s drives up our cost per unit back in the kind of December, January. You see that in the third quarter. So it wouldn’t surprise me to see CooperVision’s gross margin as an example come back toward 65% in Q3. Q4 again should be a pretty good quarter, the pounds move back a little bit back up towards $1.30 that starts to flow through our P&L. We also -- we are probably 66% or something like that in Q4, wouldn't surprise me. But the core basis there of sustainability through the mix shift and manufacturing efficiencies is indeed there. There was nothing to highlight out of this quarter saying, hey, this was unique at one time that that was not the case is very strong gross margin quarter. If we look at CooperSurgical the trough is here and was here, I should say, in Q2. So we accelerated some integration activity there. We pull forward some distributor consolidation and so forth into this quarter. We got more aggressive on that based on some of the stuff we are seeing out there, some positive momentum that we are seeing. So I think what you will get now is, yeah, we took a hit in Q2 for CooperSurgical. That's okay. It was done for integration related reasons and for long-term strategy. You'll see the gross margin come back in Q3. You'll see the sales -- the pro forma revenue growth come back in Q3 and that will continue going forward now. So that was more one-time in nature if you will have accelerated integration activity.
Al White: Yeah. The -- it is not unusual. We get into this kind of a discussion a lot to have 300 basis points or 400 basis points swing when you add a month and delete a month for whatever reason, having to do with either the prior year or the current year. So I think that’s the one reason we always shy a little from making much of an assessment on it and look at trailing 12 months when it comes to particularly the CLI data as a good indicator or a good secondary indicator. So, I don't think I read anything into the comparison which I understand what you do in the fiscal and the calendar quarters. As far as, how May did. May is built into our guidance and beyond that we won't get into the specifics of May other than it left us if you will bullish about where we are headed for the year as indicated by the step up in guidance.
Al White: Yeah. I will take that tax one first and let Bob answer the second one. Yeah, for the second quarter about 200 basis points was the stock op, so excluding that we would have been about 8.5% versus 6.5%. And if we look at the full year Q3 usually a little bit lighter kind of always is a little bit lighter for couple different reasons and then Q4 moves back up, I would expect that to be somewhere again this year. But as you know from other companies that stock-based comp has been a nice positive for us.
Al White: Yeah. Stock buybacks there is nothing included right now in terms of our guidance. I guess I won't comment on what we will do and when we will do or how much we will do. But as you know we are believers in stock buybacks to return value to long-term shareholders, so we will continue to evaluate, certainly it’s an opportunity and especially as you just highlighted we have some strong free cash flow coming in front of us.
