Al White: No, I wouldn't say anything from a competitive perspective. If you look at the guide for CooperVision for Q2 to Q4, it's around that kind of 7% range. And we did 7% this year and 7% the year before. So I think that's kind of like the true run rates that we're running. This is really truly more around capacity constraints on MyDay and some shifts we made with respect to MyDay that's impacting us. And then a little bit of the VAT situation in Japan.
Al White: Yes, I really think it's going to end up depending upon the success of the product and what countries we get additional approval in. There's some massive opportunities out there. China has just a gargantuan opportunity that we don't have approval in right now. Japan is another market that would be a fantastic opportunity for growth, once we get approval there, ultimately. So I think it will depend how well the market develops, how well we're doing in terms of how much more we invest. And to be honest with you, I mean, I hope that the investing stays pretty high for quite a while because I'm pretty excited about the product. I think it's going to do really, really, really well. So if it does, and it goes in that direction, then we'll invest in it again pretty heavily next fiscal year. You're naturally going to get a lot of leverage at some point, though. Because you have good gross margins on that product. It's Proclear product so you start with good solid gross margins right off the bat. Everything else is investment dollars. That's all the educational activity. A lot of that is regulatory work, clinical work and so forth. So you give it couple of years, no matter what you're going to get pretty significant levers. It will just be a question of when that is.
Al White: Yes, the volume was somewhere around $4 million in Japan. So that, on a percentage basis obviously, would have affected Asia Pac a little bit more 11% to 7% or 11% to 8%, somewhere in that kind of percent growth and a little bit less than 1% impact on the overall business. But -- and then we have to hurdle that, obviously, in Q1. If you look at the MyDay constraint, that's -- everything else besides that is really my MyDay's constraint, Larry. You can kind of plug it in the number. But everything is related to MyDay. The rest of the business is pretty strong. Clariti is looking like it's continuing to go strong. Biofinity's strong, Avaira Vitality is finally growing. Everything else is in pretty good shape. And just to give you a little bit more color on MyDay and what's happening is we are in a good spot from a manufacturing perspective, and we're increasing production on all our existing lines, as I mentioned. I feel good about our ability to get right back in shape by Q2. We had another line come on last week. So we have other lines coming. We're in pretty good shape. We have good visibility on that. Where we ran into a little bit of a problem there was associated with MyDay toric. As demand really was accelerating, we really saw a lot of the strain coming from the MyDay toric. And once we started change in production there and producing more of that product and increasing inventory that we had, that kind of what has created the short-term constraint that we're dealing with. So we had to look at that and say, okay, what can we do, right? And you pull back on fitting sets a little bit and trial lenses a little bit; you raise price a little bit. You do the things you can do, knowing that you're going to solve your capacity problem and really get back in the market in a big way in the near future. So there was a lot of push/pull. The way we ended up doing it to have the least impact on our customers, was to do it this way and build an inventory, expand our store -- toric range and so forth and kind of level set ourselves after this one quarter.
Al White: Yes. I'm probably being a little conservative on that $2 million number. At the end of the day, if we launch in March, and we're out there, we're doing training and educational activity as a treatment. Keep in mind we are doing this as a treatment, which means working with the doctor, working with families to sell them this product for their kids as a full year treatment. They need to understand at the end of the day, this is a multi-year commitment to get the best bang for the buck. So as we go through that process, it worked with dollar -- work with doctors and get the product out in the marketplace, I think you'll see a fairly quick ramp. And that's kind of where we -- $2 million going to $9 million and accelerating off that. The question is just going to be solely a matter of how fast does it gain traction. When we kind of looked at the market in Canada, and how we started in Canada and how fast we've accelerated, the initial start was a little slower when you took into consideration all the training, all the educational activity and everything else that needed to be done. Now Canada was a little different. We launched that off our strong 3-year clinical data. This is off FDA approval. And there's been a lot more consumer activity associated with it. So we'll see, I mean, I'm optimistic that it will go a little bit faster than that. I think -- but for now, it's probably kind of prudent to say $2 million is a fair number for the partial year.
Al White: Yes, it's a good question, Larry. I mean we are working on cleaning that up around the world right now. That's part of the internal project, is to ensure we standardize the price. Obviously, this is not the kind of product that's going to go out with a bunch of rebates and discounts and all that other kind of activity. But it's a little challenging to answer because, at the end of the day, the pricing that you're going to see will largely be dictated between the optometrists and the patient. And it will be what the optometrist wants to see. So let's say that a family goes in and they decide to put their child into MiSight and the optometrist is saying, hey, I'd like to see you every 30 days. I'd like to have you back in here just to check to make everything is working, everything is okay. This is a true treatment, right? That could be a little bit more of an extensive process than you see in certain spots around the world right now, where a lot of times this is sold as more of a contact lens than it is a treatment. So long story short, I guess my answer to you on that one is this probably is going to result in a very profitable product for us at the end of the day, but TBD on where it sells out in terms of how optometrists handle this with the patients themselves.
Al White: Yes, Larry, we've positioned this more as the higher end of what you're talking about. So when you look at the distribution center expansion, the build-outs, everything else we're doing, has been to put us in a position to accommodate all the growth that's coming in. You'll get leverage associated with that. When you look at the significant CapEx, I mean, we're $80 million of CapEx this quarter. We're talking about the highest CapEx we've had as a company this coming year, that's all to drive capacity expansion in the dailies silicone hydrogel side of things. So I look at us being able to grow in that 7% kind of range that we've been running and tacking MiSight on top of that. That is not out of the question when we look at the outer years. It's just a matter of getting there. I mean, so that's what we're positioning ourselves as to say, do I feel good about it if the market holds as is, similar conditions, 6% higher? Absolutely. Do I think we have a chance to put a -- some stronger numbers like you're talking about? Yes, yes, I do.
Al White: Well, I'll take that one. So I think if you look at the U.S., you're kind of talking about $2 million, right? We're talking about this year, and we've got forecast around $9 million. And then we kind of look at the OUS doubling on the existing platform, you would kind of look at the U.S. being in that same vein, right? So you kind of get a double in the U.S. up to $18 million, $20 million, something like that, and the rest of the world doubling again also. Upside from that would probably come more than anything from the U.S. market, where I think that we could actually get better uptake than that, more than double as we -- the $2 million to $9 million doesn't necessarily just stop at $18 million, is what I'm saying. And then also other markets. I mentioned China and Japan. There's a number of other markets right now we're waiting regulatory approval on. The FDA approval will help get us approval on those markets. So I think that provides a little upset on that side. When you look at the addressable market, I happen to think it's going to be very, very large. I mean, any child in that age group that has myopia, is a candidate for MiSight. Now as we know, a lot of kids don't go to the optometrist. They don't even say anything so it goes untreated until the point where they're finally complaining that -- to their mom or dad that they can't see the blackboard or there're having issues seeing and they finally get taken to the optometrist. But at the end of the day, any child in that age group is there. And I'll tell you, one of the things that I'm excited about is some of these guys on the spectacles side. I mean, other people come in. That is a positive for us. So I'd be excited to have Luxe, Essilor or someone else come out and start educating the market on this epidemic that is myopia, and how important it is for us to be proactive and get in front of it. And ultimately, if you start moving more in that direction and you're getting spectacles there and spectacles are working and we're all together kind of in one pushing this and you get insurance reimbursement, well then watch out. And then the market will really explode. So I have -- I mean, multiple, multiple billions of dollars market in my mind, no question.
Al White: Yes. So the TV ads worked really well. They're expensive, but they work really well. We did them in Northern Cal and the New York Metro area. So what we're looking to do in this year is to take that in a little different angle and put it in a number of markets around the U.S., smaller market, but spread much more broadly. And we'll kick that off here in the not-too-distant future. So I think what you kind of saw was the first year, big investments, we hired a lot of salespeople, we did a lot of print and social media and the TV advertising in a couple of big markets. We learned a ton. This coming year, we're back at it again. We're going to do the TV advertising a little different, a little bit more fine-tuned on some of the other stuff. But I'll tell you, at the end of the day, I mean we're investing in PARAGARD. We're probably going to spend $5 million more in sales and marketing this year than we did last year. So this is another pretty heavy investment year in PARAGARD. I do think we'll start seeing some much better leverage on that in fiscal 2021. But we are taking another year here to understand the market and make sure we capitalize on it. We're talking a very high gross margin product. And if we can be getting mid-single-digit growth, like it looks like we're going to be able to for a number of years in front of us, then it is a product we definitely want to invest in.
Al White: I think -- we're bringing a lot on. So let me say that, first of all. I mean, it will support very solid growth for a couple of years. But in reality, if the market continues to shift like I think it's going to shift and give you a couple of numbers on that. About 53%, 54% of the market is dailies. That's going to go, in my mind, probably 2/3 of the market, will be dailies. If you look at dailies silicones, that's like 42%, 43% of the market right now, that's going to go up to like 84%, 83% kind of where FRPs are. You look at that. That trade up, in that conversion over to dailies, is several billion dollars of incremental sales. It's probably -- when I did the math, it was about $2.5 billion to $3 billion of incremental revenue to the contact lens industry. If that's the case, you are going to see, not rising tide lift all boats, but it will definitely include us. I don't think you get like the massive years that we're seeing now in terms of CapEx because I think it will naturally level off a little bit, but you'll continue to see us put CapEx there if that market moves like I think it's going to move. \
Al White: Short answer is no. We are not. Q4 would have been stronger if we were able to do the things that we could have done, so to speak. You know what I mean? But based on the contracts and the opportunities that we could have executed on those like we wanted to, Q4 would have been a better quarter. We -- still a great quarter, so I don't want to downplay it by any means, but it would have been better, I think we'll be much, much better positioned to take advantage of those opportunities in Q2 and going forward. So right now, a couple of things are a little on hold. One of the things I'm really happy about it as well as MyDay has done and it gets all this attention around the world, and we're seeing all that accelerated growth. We shouldn't lose sight of clariti. It's a great product, it's doing really well. Clariti's work, in particular, is a really good product that's doing well. So we're seeing some nice sales there, and I'm happy about that. So we'll see as these private label contracts, all that stuff grows, and you look and say, are there more opportunities for clariti within there or MyDay and so forth. So we're kind of pushing and pulling on that one, right? But I do think that we're a little muted in our results right now, but you'll see that pretty up here as we move Q2 and going forward in the year.
Al White: Yes. Well, unless J&J is coming out with something I don't know, there's not a competitor that's bigger than us. So there could be other competitors coming out with product, but they're not bigger than we are. And that's fine. As I was just talking about, when you look at the conversion that we're seeing from FRPs over to dailies and dailies to dailies silicone, there's clearly opportunities for other products to come into the market. So whether that's a competitor or a direct competitor here, or whether it's an Asia Pac competitor coming into the market, there's a lot of opportunities for people to get into this market and be a participant in that growth. We're a little unique in our positioning in that we do have great branded products. We do have a great customized solution with great geographic presence and so forth. So when I kind of look at that, I say, yes, competition is always there. It's always part of what we live with. When you look at the -- our main competitors, they are coming out with new products, but we're coming out with new products also. We're expanding parameter ranges. We'll be launching new products this year. We'll be launching some new products here. We have some really exciting stuff going on. So at the end of the day, I'd say, is there competitive activity? Absolutely. Are we in front of that competitive activity? There no question. Clariti itself is a sphere, toric and multifocal. MyDay is a sphere and a fantastic toric out in the market. So I'm really happy with our competitive positioning. There's always going to be something that's out there. But this marketplace is big enough and it's growing fast enough, that there's opportunities for a number of people to put up really nice strong numbers.
Al White: Yes. On Japan and the other markets, some of those markets can get help considerably by the FDA approval. So they don't necessarily use the FDA approval, but they'll take it into consideration. So I don't want to speculate on that yet, but I'm kind of -- I would say, kind of looking at within two years for a number of those markets, Japan, China and so forth, hopefully, earlier, but they could be a couple of years. So we'll see how that plays out. The FDA approval just came through pretty recently here for us. We're doing a lot of work on that, spending pretty good money on the regulatory side right now and additional clinical work and so forth to make sure we're checking the box to get all the approvals that we need. If you look at the insurance reimbursement, that's a tough line, and that's probably multiple years out. That's why I kind of put that in the same vein as talking about spectacle myopia management lenses coming into the marketplace. As the market gets bigger, as insurance agencies and so forth and ophthalmic -- ophthalmic organizations and so forth, realize the value and the benefit of this product, and that it's a treatment of an epidemic, and it's something that can now be proactively addressed. I don't know why people would not get behind it, but I think it will take a little bit of time. One contact lenses coming to the market will do fantastic. But in order to really drive this market and get it going you'd like to see some other players in there. And that will be the thing that ends up ultimately really help in driving us to get to the point of insurance reimbursement.
Al White: Yes. So the price increase was around 9%. The way that will kind of flow through the P&L because of a number of different dynamics, is kind of like -- think of it almost as like one-third over the next couple of years. So when I think about PARAGARD's growth, I'd say, there's been underlying at a 3% from price. And then we've been running in that kind of 3% unit growth range. So if you combine those two you get about 6%. The IUD market itself, from a unit perspective, is growing 2% to 3%. And then price, it's a little hard to tell when you look at some of the hormonal options out there, but probably similar. So we're growing kind of a little bit faster than the IUD market overall. But that's kind of how to think about price, the easier question. When you look at the PARAGARD -- yes, when you look at PARAGARD's buying activities, that's always a little challenging to get in terms of like defining, okay, exactly how much was buying activity versus normal activity and so forth. I would have said that we were probably looking at a quarter where I thought Q4, we would have declined. So maybe there was $5 million or something of buying activity between the Q1 going into -- Q4 going into Q1. It makes Q1 a hard quarter to grow on. When you look at last year, it was a decent Q1 also, but somewhere in that kind of range.
Al White: Yes. One of the exciting things about MiSight is that it is a Proclear lens. So we have capacity to be able to produce that lens. And what makes it probably extra nice is as we see the entire market shifting in silicone hydrogel lenses from our older traditional hydrogel lenses, that's what's constant pressure on us. Brian kind of touched on it a little bit with some of our products in that space. So we're getting increasing capacity within our Proclear lines as everyone shifts over to silicone hydrogel. That's fantastic because we can allocate that new capacity to MiSight. So if we do get a situation where some of those markets come on faster, we'll be able to meet that demand. We're in good shape from a production perspective on MiSight.
Al White: Those are the two clear ones to point out, no question. I mean, we're doing some expansion activity within vision geographically and within the marketing side, where we're hiring some more salespeople and so forth. Same thing within CooperSurgical, within CooperSurgical, as an example, we do most of our international business through distributors. We're really excited that we just hired a really talented individual to come on and lead our international medical device efforts there. So I think we have some pretty good opportunity to drive better growth internationally on our core CooperSurgical medical device products. So there's some of that kind of activity. But I would call that kind of more normal activity, if you will, normal growth activity. The two that stand out, certainly, are MiSight, no question, and then PARAGARD is on the grid.
Al White: No real change there. I haven't seen anything recently that would change my mind about the marketplace or our positioning in terms of any new products that are entering the market.
Al White: Yes. I think that surgical is similar to vision, is kind of the way we finished the year here, is the way that both the businesses are operating right now. I think you'll see them operating more along those lines in Q2, Q3 and Q4 going forward. I think it's a Q1 thing with respect to PARAGARD at the end of the day. So I think fertilities to do fine and so forth. I think it's just a matter of how the PARAGARD do. We kind of get the ups and downs there with channel inventory more than would be ideal with PARAGARD. So depending on how that does, I think we end up with a softer Q1, but then you're right back to normal. I would not read anything negative into the guidance in terms of saying that, hey, there's a fundamental issue or anything else because there's not. This is just a matter of Q1 impacting the full year. Once we get past Q1, we'll be back in pretty good shape.
Al White: Yes. Well, our key accounts are growing faster than our overall business. That's probably the easiest way to define it. We put investments in place, kind of put an infrastructure in there to drive global key accounts, and that team has done a really, really nice job kind of throughout that team -- really, really done a nice job. So at the end of the day, that's growing faster than our overall business. We continue to expect key accounts to grow fast than our overall business. I kind of touched on earlier that there are some opportunities out there that we think we're going to be capitalizing on as we move forward here. So at the end of the day, that's turned out to be a positive strategy and the future certainly looks bright from our key account perspective to continue to drive our overall top line growth.
Al White: That's -- if we had full capacity, it would have been quite a bit higher. Well, can't really throw a number out there but there was a lot of demand for that product. There is a lot of demand for that product right now. So that's where I do feel good about, we were bringing a lot of capacity online here, and we are heavily focused on selling that as we move forward. But we'll be using that capacity as it comes on. So other than to kind of say it, it made an easy difference. I won't go into specific numbers on.
Al White: Yes, Steve, that's a great question. And really a great point that I didn't touch on there. But -- and it's especially relevant for anyone who's new to this story. I mean it can take 12 months to 24 months, and I'm sure some of our competitors are dealing with this right now, in order to get a new line up and running. And I mean that from the time you order that line to it's actually producing product that you could ship to your warehouses and ultimately sell. So it could take a decent amount of time. And you can't just kind of snack your fingers and order of these manufacturing lines and get them in the next month, right? I say it takes, on average, 18 months or something to get those lines. So we ordered them quite a while ago. I mean we saw a bunch of this coming. We ordered these lines. We have them coming in, as I mentioned. I mean, we -- our -- Rolando, who runs our manufacturing group, has done an insane good a job. But he's almost got the team going at this point like 24/7 working on getting those lines up and running and accelerating the start dates on them. It takes time, and that's part of the problem. That's part of the big -- the moat, if you will, the barriers to entry into this industry are pretty significant because of that type of thing. So anyway, long story short, number of lines coming on. I'm not going to get in how much we're -- that increases our capacity and the dollar amounts associated with that, other than to say there's numerous lines that are coming on. We just that one last week, many more to come, this year and into next year because it's just the timing it takes to get those lines.
Al White: I think that as we move into 2021, we'll still be capacity constrained. I do think so. But having said that, we'll be in 10x better position than we are today.
Al White: Yes. So we have. We did -- it's kind of interesting right now. I mean some of the competitors coming out with products right now, they'll trade up their existing wearer base and get a 20%, 30% kind of premium on those trade ups. That's fantastic for them, and it will drive good solid growth for them for a number of years. As you know, we don't have quite that base of trade up because we don't have as big as daily hydrogel base. So when you look at our growth over the years here, that growth, or a lot of that growth, especially more recently, has become -- has been coming from winning new wearers. And I'm kind of happy when I look -- well I am happy when I look at the New Fit Data that we get, that we're continuing to win new wearers, new fits with new wearers in the daily silicone hydrogel space. So that's one of the keys for us. So I think at the end of the day, it's a little interesting that you're going to get good market growth because you're going to see some competitors trading up existing wearers, and again, getting that 20%, 30% trade up. We're going to get growth because we are going to continue to get some of that trade up. We're going to see growth from the conversion of FRP wearers over to daily wearers. We're going to get growth from winning new wearers. And then some of the new products we roll out will drive growth. When you look at like MyDay and you ask about constraints as we enter into 2021, one of the things I'm excited about is ultimately getting the MyDay multifocal out in the marketplace. That's coming at some point in the future, right? But we just have to get the capacity to be able to do that. So we are doing a good job right now, I will say, in winning new wearers. And I can see that in the New Fit Data. And that, ultimately, will translate itself into revenues, it's just a matter of how long that takes.
Al White: Yes. So it's a number of things, to your point, right? So it's clinical data in terms of expanded tests. One of the things that we want to look at and say, some children don't react as well as other children do to MiSight. Why is that, right? So doing clinical work on that. When you look at late onset myopia, how can we tackle that? What's the best way to tackle that? So we're not talking 8 to 12-year olds but older kids who are getting myopia. When we look at going to a silicone hydrogel MiSight product, that kind of work, then you also roll in the regulatory work at -- kind of China and Japan and a number of other countries, going through the regulatory process to get approvals, there's investment activity associated with that. If you look at that post-market study, that's another one. That's a great one. That's an expensive one that we're kicking off right now. I'm not going to go into much detail on that at this point in time. There will be information that will come out on that here in the coming months. So I'll kind of wait to give more color on that. But that is another thing that's expensive as part of those investment dollars. So a lot of that activity, as you can imagine, it's upfront activity. You do it, you get approval. And when you're done, you do the clinical work, you get those clinicals behind you, you ultimately get approval on the expanded product offerings or new products that fit in the space and so forth and you're done. That's where you start seeing on real leverage like that, the future that I was talking about. But those dollars -- those investment dollars are going through a multitude of different areas.
Al White: We may. Right now, most of that is professional sales, if you will, kind of the clinical side of it, where you're going out and talking to optometrists and individuals who really want to understand the lens, fit the lens as a treatment, drive the product forward. So right now because it's early stage, it's more along those lines. Ultimately, you move to the point of saying, "Hey, can my existing sales force sell this lens also?" No surprise to anyone, they're getting tons of questions about it right now, and they're just referring it over to some of the specialists. So we'll see how it kind of plays out over time. I think that you will probably get some dedicated sales people, dedicated sales professionals. And as it becomes more mainstream and less clinically based on the sale, you'll move yourself more in that direction.
Al White: Well, thank you, everyone. We covered a lot of good topics today. And as you can tell, I'm pretty excited about where we are and where our business is and what the future holds. Kind of have to work our way through Q1 here and roll through the rest of the year. But things are looking pretty good. I'm pretty excited. So I hope everyone had a good Thanksgiving and happy holidays coming up, and look forward to seeing everyone out on the road here in the coming weeks and months. So thank you.
