Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. First quarter consolidated revenues were $858 million, up 9% as reported or up 10% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 65.7%, down 1.2% from last year, primarily due to currency and product mix. Operating expenses grew 11% to 43.1% of revenues, and consolidated operating margin was 22.6%, down from 24.6% last year, primarily due to currency. To add some color, I'm happy to report that many of the freight and distribution challenges that we experienced in Q4 that continued into Q1 have now been resolved. And these financial results exceeded our expectations due to the strength at the end of the quarter. Below operating income, interest expense was $26 million, and our effective tax rate was 14.4%. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.90, with roughly 49.7 million average shares outstanding. FX negatively impacted earnings by roughly $0.30 year-over-year, which is $0.05 better than we were forecasting when we provided guidance in December. Free cash flow was $84 million, including CapEx of $83 million. CapEx continues to be heavily driven by capacity expansion, and we expect that to continue. Net debt decreased by $48 million to $2.56 billion. Turning to fiscal 2023 guidance. We're increasing expectations for revenues and earnings by incorporating our Q1 beat, improved operational performance and slightly better FX rates. This results in consolidated revenues of $3.5 billion to $3.55 billion, up 7% to 9% organically, with CooperVision revenues of $2.35 billion to $2.39 billion, up 8% to 9% organically and CooperSurgical revenues of $1.14 billion to $1.17 billion, up 5% to 7% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $12.60 to $12.90. Within this, interest expense is expected to be slightly higher at around $110 million, but our effective tax rate is forecasted to be around 14.5%, offsetting this. For interest expense, we're assuming 3 future Fed moves, a 25-basis point rate increase this month, another 25 basis point increase in May and then an additional 25 basis point increase in June. For currency using updated rates, we are now expecting a slightly more positive impact to the P&L, which we're fully passing along. And from an operational perspective, we're raising expectations tied to actions we've taken to drive efficiencies. To summarize this, we're raising the midpoint of our earnings guidance by $0.30 with $0.20 coming from our Q1 beat, $0.05 coming from operational improvements that we're expecting in Q2 to Q4 and $0.05 for better FX in Q2 to Q4. The increase in our revenue guidance is similar, incorporating the Q1 beat, stronger expected performance in Q2 to Q4 and better FX. Regarding the operational improvements, in addition to addressing the supply chain challenges from Q4, we've taken further steps to improve our operational efficiencies. One such example would be the consolidation of our specialty lens business into our core lens franchise. Over the past several years, CooperVision has created the world's most comprehensive specialty contact lens portfolio comprised of products such as leading Ortho-K and scleral lenses to treat myopia and more severe cases of a regular accordion. This part of our business has grown nicely, and it's now time to consolidate it into our core operations and leverage our infrastructure. In the meantime, we're continuing to invest in our product launches, manufacturing footprint, and distribution capabilities to support our long-term growth objectives. Demand is strong and long-term growth trends are very positive, so we're investing prudently but accordingly. There are a lot of positives to take away from this activity. Our capabilities are expanding. Our operations are becoming more efficient, and the numbers are looking better. That being said, we remain cautious regarding recession risk and continued inefficiencies tied to supply chain challenges and have incorporated that into our expectations. To conclude on guidance, note that it does not include the pending acquisition of Cook Medical's reproductive health business. We're exploring all options related to this transaction in order to obtain regulatory approval, including the potential sale of certain Cook assets. And we expect the transaction to be resolved by August of this year. And with that, I will hand it back to the operator for questions. 
Brian Andrews: Sure, sure. Yes. So you're right. So on the prior guidance, we had a 2.5% headwind to revenues. It's a little bit better. I'd say it's just on the margin. It's still kind of rounds to 2.5%, it's a stronger 2.5%, I'd say, for revenues, but still a headwind. And then on EPS, where we were saying neutral to EPS before from FX for the year were about 1%. When it comes to the updated guidance, just to recap, we beat Q1 by $0.20. $0.05 is from FX, the other $0.15 operational. The rest of the year, Q2 through Q4, we're raising by $0.10, half of which coming from FX, that's the $0.05, and then the other half from operational performance. 
Brian Andrews: Yes. Larry, good question. So yes, since 2019, FX has had obviously a fairly decent headwind to us. So that's been about 1.5%. The other sort of 2%, I would kind of bucketize into 3 parts, kind of 1/3 each. One of them is just equity. That's share-based comp. We moved a few -- a couple of years ago from 5 years to 4 years vesting and that's created a headwind for us. So that's about 1/3 of the delta. Supply chain and distribution, no surprise. We've got about 1/3 tied to that, and that's just all the things we've been thinking about recently here. And then, of course, the infrastructure investments that we've been putting into our business, and I kind of focus largely on IT, that includes the automation work that we're doing, but also just ERP and other sort of IT upgrades we've been making over the years. So I'd say that we're going to -- we're eventually going to hurdle those -- the equity piece, and we'll continue to grow into our infrastructure. But your operating margin comment for the year is directionally is in the neighborhood of where we think we're going to land. And I would say that all of the moves that we're making from an efficiency effort, the cost containment exercises and one example I gave in my prepared remarks is just one of the many. But we're going to continue to go after some structural changes to centralize and automate and leverage our infrastructure. But I expect that we'll continue to get leverage as we look forward. The only thing I'd also say is just from an operating income perspective, the midpoint of our guidance is taken up by 1% on a constant currency basis. So you would expect this year, we're already getting leverage. We're going to get around 10.5% constant currency OI growth at the midpoint of our guidance. 
Brian Andrews: Yes. I mean the -- we're going after several different costs containment initiatives. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the consolidation of our Specialty eye care division into our core. Long term, that will be a gross margin benefit. But for the short term, that's going to be more OpEx benefit. We've gone after some other centralization activities, including consolidating our high-growth kind of a subregion within Eastern Europe and Middle East Africa into our European region. And so that will drive some better efficiencies. So I would say it's probably more of an OpEx play than anything else. Within gross margin, our guidance still is -- implied in our guidance is gross margins up year-over-year, a little bit more from currency than on a constant currency basis. 
Albert White: Sure. Yes. I mean there's still supply chain challenges in the market, if you will. And we still see those also. And some of our competitors have talked about that and have had some challenges. I feel pretty good about where we're at. As I mentioned, we do have some capacity constraints, if you will, within Biofinity and a couple of other spots that we're working pretty aggressively at right now to resolve. But at a high level, I feel pretty good about where we're at. We're in a good spot with MyDay. We've got the Energys rolling out right now. We're in a good position with that from a production perspective and distribution perspective. We're in a good spot with clariti. We're in a good spot with Biofinity. We're in a good spot with Avaira Vitality. So pockets of challenges. But for us, at least from a supply chain perspective, we're getting -- we're definitely getting in a better position. 
Albert White: Yes. So we've had a good start to the year. We had a good January. February was definitely a good month. So we're seeing positive momentum. I'm speaking for Cooper. So I think we're in a good place from that perspective, and you see that build into our guidance. If I think about the market a little bit more broadly, I would say we're taking share similar to what we've taken historically. So not a massive amount of share, but 1 point to 2 points, something like that over what the market is growing, kind of similar to last year. So I think the market is going to have another good year, frankly. At this point in time, the way the year is starting off and the visibility we have, I think the overall contact lens market is going to be certainly mid-single digits and probably on the higher end of the mid-single digits. When you look at our portfolio, we have the broadest portfolio in the market. We also manage a lot of customer brands and that definitely helps. When you look at retailers right now in some of our bigger accounts who are looking at their own profitability and managing their own supply chain issues and so forth. One of the areas that they'll have a tendency to turn around and focus on is their own store brands. Those are products that we have a tendency to support to them, and we take a lot of pride in that, and we work very closely with our key accounts and have strong relationships with them to continue to supply their customer brands. So I think that does help us, and I think it will help us as we move through this year. We have not really seen much in terms of any wearing habit changes in terms of trade down or anything along those lines. We're still seeing success driven heavily by products like MyDay frankly, within our franchise. We are having success with clariti. That's more of a mass market price point. I think that if you do see any moves associated with consumers being a little bit more concerned about the cost of things, and we have a great option in clariti, and I think we'll continue to do well with that. So yes, net-net, at the end of the day, I'd say I'm envisioning a strong market this year and us taking a little bit of share of it. 
Albert White: Yes. So MyDay Energys will be a price premium to the MyDay sphere. I'm not sure exactly where the number will settle out, but it will be somewhere around a 20% price premium to the regular MyDay lens. On pricing, in general, yes, I think that this will be a decent year from a pricing perspective for us. 2% plus pricing will get this year. As an industry, you're seeing positive pricing and it's probably in that 2%-plus range, same thing. And I'm talking about net pricing, right, because a lot of people are putting price increases through, but then you'll run programs kind of behind the scene rebate programs or whatever else, right? But net pricing, looking at that 2% to maybe as high as even 3% range. So a pretty good market from that perspective. 
Albert White: Yes. I don't believe the market was flat, but the market was up -- was not up a lot. We are definitely taking share and growing when you look at that space. A big part of that ends up just being the magnitude of our product offering, right? Because I mean you have a really good product in Biofinity and a really good product in Avaira Vitality. But you're getting an add-on in growth from a product like Biofinity from things like the extended range sphere and the extended range torics that we have, the multifocal toric that's out in the marketplace. A lot of that kind of stuff is driving pretty nice growth. And then I think when you put it all together, that entire franchise together and you put it under some of these retailers store brands that are out there that now they're probably focusing a little bit more on and we'll frankly probably continue to focus a little bit more on. Yes, that's going to be beneficial for us.  And that monthly price point is a really good price point for a lot of contact lens wear. So if you believe anything -- if you believe the economy is going to move in that direction, then the likelihood is you're going to see things continue to move more towards store brands and probably not surprisingly, a little bit more towards a product like a monthly, and Biofinity is just perfectly placed for that. 
Albert White: Sure. Yes. Myopia management was, I would say, was solid this quarter. The reason I wouldn't say it was strong, so to speak, really is China, that's where we ran in difficulty. So if you're outside of China, whether it's my side or whether it's our Ortho-K products, we had a really good quarter, and we've got good momentum. We're expanding those offerings. We're seeing MiSight in more big retailers and more big accounts as they're rolling it out and getting more active on their myopia control practices. So things going fairly well with respect to my side. Again, I would say the one clear negative within that space and the challenge that we had this quarter, frankly, was in China, that market just has not returned. So if it does start to return, we'll see some upside from that. We don't have a lot build into our expectations around that. So hopefully, we'll see that. 
Albert White: Yes, Brad, Unfortunately, there's not really much I can add other than just kind of repeating what we said, which is we're working through that process right now. There's a lot of regulatory implications there. So we're evaluating our different alternatives, kind of have everything on the table to see if we can figure something out. And as I mentioned, we'll have a resolution to that no later than August of this year. 
Albert White: Yes. Let me hit that second one. So no, we have not really seen anything with respect to a trade down or softness in the contact lens marketplace at this point in time. As a matter of fact, we're continuing to hear from some of the big retailers and buying groups out there, including in the U.S. and around the world, challenges they're having with respect to staffing and whether that's staffing as office workers or even optometrists finding optometrists and getting optometrists to work enough hours. So no, we're in a good spot from that. We haven't seen that activity per what Brian said, yes, we are trying to incorporate some of that just to be a little conservative within our guidance. I think that makes sense. On the Americas, yes, we had a good quarter. Alex is running that business for us now. He's doing a really, really nice job. We've just got some great people on our Americas sales team that are executing really well. So we were kind of growing in line with market there for a while. Maybe we're kind of shaking that loose a little bit and starting to get rolling -- getting -- sorry, MyDay Energys into the market is going to be another step forward. So it's only 1 quarter. I don't want to touch too much to it, but certainly, you can't have a second good quarter without a first one, so a step in the right direction. 
Albert White: Yes. Actually, they're probably pretty even right now. We did see a little bit more strength in our branded products for several quarters there last year. A lot of that tied to MyDay and a lot of success we were seeing in MyDay. But right now, from the numbers, there's not a big difference. We're getting kind of similar growth, if you will, from our -- what I have a tendency called customized solutions, right? All the customer brands and so forth that are out there and the direct sales, if you will, the optometrist offices and so forth. So I wouldn't -- at this point in time, I wouldn't highlight really a swing in any direction from that. 
Albert White: I think that, that does drive share gains for us. And I think in longer term, it will drive share gains for us. Yes, some of our competitors have pulled back on something like the extended range or I shouldn't even call it extended range in our world, they would kind of be more regular toric ranges that are out there. But some of the broader toric ranges. We haven't really seen much impact from that yet because a lot of that activity is fairly new in the marketplace. But I do think one of the differentiators for us and one of the reasons we take share and have taken share consistently for a long time is the breadth of our product portfolio. It's very difficult to manage those wide parameter ranges. I mean, it just is. From a production perspective, all the way through distribution and all your packaging and labeling and inventory management and so forth. As you can imagine, when you get those really wide SKU ranges, it just creates a much more complex environment. So we're pretty good at that. We've invested a lot of money at that over the years. As I said, that's a differentiator for us, and I think it will continue to put us in a position to help us gain a little bit of share. So like you said, I wouldn't overdo that because the dollar amounts aren't that big. But any time you can get something to differentiate you in a positive way, that's a good thing. And I would say that's one of those things. 
Albert White: I don't think, frankly, very much. Some of the issues that competitors have had around supply chain are relatively recent. We've had some of our own challenges around supply chain. I don't want to act like we haven't. So frankly, I don't think there's very much that it's come from supply chain challenges. They haven't been significant or long enough to really start moving market share at this point in time. If they hold and they continue to be a challenge, I do think that could provide positive upside to us. But I wouldn't put much on it for the results that we're reporting right now. 
Albert White: Yes. I mean, as you can imagine, highly dependent upon what we have to sell off and what price we would get for what we have to sell off. At this point in time, I just can't answer that question. If I could, I would. But yes, at this point, I just can't give you color on that one. 
Albert White: Well, you know what, I'll refrain from answering that one. I mean, I'm a believer in accretive transactions. They need to be strategic, and they need to be accretive, and they need to make sense for your company short and long term. I guess that's how I would answer it. There's enough moving parts on that one behind the scenes that I just don't want to get into details on that. 
Albert White: Yes. For PARAGARD, I think we probably had about $3 million if we had to put a number on it that was pulled in from what would be Q2 here into Q1. And that's -- I was talking about like a little bit more positive in this quarter, that will result in a little bigger hurdle, if you will, in Q2 from that. From a unit perspective, if you will, I would stand by the statements that I made last quarter, which I think we're going to have a hard time getting unit growth this year. There are still patient flow challenges with respect to the OB-GYN marketplace and definitely with respect to IUD.  So I think for this year, we grow some. But it's not driven by units, it's driven by price. That's -- I still think we're kind of there. I hope I'm wrong. I hope I'm being too conservative on that one, but that's kind of where we're at right now. 
Albert White: Yes. We won't have much of an impact on gross margins this year. I think Brian was spot on. We'll see a little bit of improvement in gross margins. I think we've got the potential for more expansion in gross margins in the coming years. But if I -- if you look at capacity expansion right now, we've been busy. We were busy last year, certainly busy in Q4. I talked about that last quarter, and we start the year, but doing some expansion in Puerto Rico and Costa Rica in our U.S. facilities, doing work in the U.K. So there's a lot of facilities around the world where we're doing expansion right now. And a lot of that's tied to capacity expansion. I mean the long-term growth dynamics within the contact lens industry are pretty damn good right now. So we're looking at mid upper single-digit growth, I think, for 10 years or something like that. So we need to put some capacity in to support that. So we're doing that kind of intelligently, if you will. 
Albert White: Yes. Well, and I talk about this kind of every quarter, but somewhere around 1/3 of the world is myopic today. And by the year 2050, half the world is going to be myopic. I mean that's where the current trends are. So the macro trends are saying that more and more people are going to need visual correction, and that's going to continue year in and year out for a long time. And that's no surprise to anyone on the phone, and we all know how much people are staring at screens and how much kids are staring at screens and so forth. So at the end of the day, you're going to have an expansion of wearers that need visual correction and a percentage of those are going to want contact lenses. So you are going to continue to see more and more people needing visual correction and contact lenses. Certainly, here in the near term, you're going to see price. I don't think anybody is raising prices like crazy, but I think I'll speak for ourselves, and I'll say, we're not trying to gouge anybody by any means. I mean, we're raising price because price of raw materials and other costs are going up for us. And we're not raising any prices to cover all that stuff because part of our responsibility is to drive efficiencies to cover part of that. But at the end of the day, you're going to see pricing. So when you look at pricing, when you look at expansion of the wearer base, when you look at better fitting and by better fitting, I mean more toric and more multifocals, higher-priced products, all that kind of activity, all that's going to continue to drive growth. So if we look back 10 years from today and the contact lens industry grew, let's say, 6% a year, I would be comfortable talking about that kind of growth rate. And I think half of that could certainly be driven, if not more than that, ultimately, by expansion in terms of number of wearers. 
Albert White: Yes. I'm not sure there was anything too unusual in there. I will say that it's interesting you mentioned that because we did have strength, obviously, within areas like our daily silicones and our Biofinity and Avaira product. But there's still demand for our products out there like Proclear and some of the older products that we have out there. Those are all declining products, but they're maybe not declining as fast as they were. So we're kind of seeing across the board decent demand, including in some of the areas you're talking about that we don't highlight or discuss anymore. 
Albert White: SightGlass, we're continuing to work on that. We're moving through the fourth year of that clinical data, which we'll get later this year. We'll take a look at it and hopefully get that back in the FDA's hands and knock on we'll get an approval of that. We still have work to do there. In the meantime, the products launched in several markets around the world. We're selling that product. As you know, we have a great joint venture with EssilorLuxottica, a great team there that we're really, really happy about and excited about. And I think a bright future with that product, that's, I guess, what I would say about it right now. 
Albert White: Sure. I would say here in the U.S., it's kind of the same old, same old, good, strong, consistent performance. it's not ratcheting up. It hasn't turned and all of a sudden, we've hit a point where it's escalating higher at a faster trajectory. It's just good, solid, consistent performance. And we're seeing that in a number of markets around the world. Now a lot of markets have much higher incidences in myopia than the U.S. does. But if you're talking specifically the U.S. market, I would say good, solid, consistent performance. And I think, frankly, that's what we're going to continue to see, right? I mean, as I sit here today, that's what we've seen, which is more independent optometry offices utilizing the product, more retailers buying groups, getting in, evaluating the product, starting to use it. We haven't hit an inflection point, if you will, where it shoots up, but we certainly have not slowed down on it. So I would just say a good, solid, strong, consistent growth. 
Albert White: Sure. Yes. I mean we're continuing no question to have investment activity whether it's the infrastructure of the business or whether it's commercially based around product launches. I mean Obviously, in a product like MyDay Energys, we're putting dollars behind the launch on that product, and we'll continue to do that. When you look at some of the other products we have, MyDay multifocal as we roll it out in different spots around the world, we have promotional campaigns, marketing campaigns supporting those products. So we'll continue to do that. I would say we did that in Q1, and we're going to continue to do that. I think that what Brian's talked about here that he's really spearheaded of driving efficiencies within our business, that's a different story. So that's not a matter of like cutting back on investment activities that we need to do and that are part of driving the growth of our business. That's about operating our business or businesses more efficiently than we've done in the past. And I think that's great. And in today's world, that's something we have to do. So I can tell you that's a focus and maybe a relatively newer focus, if you will, within the organization, but a focus within this organization is driving strong, efficient growth. 
Albert White: Yes. I mean I might be more conservative than many people on that, but I'm still concerned about patient traffic within the OB-GYN office. We've seen some improvements there, but we haven't seen a lot of improvement there. And I think that might be the case as we roll through this year. Now I'm not saying that's necessarily true on all areas of the OB-GYN world, but in the areas where we operate and we compete, that's true in a lot of those spaces. One of those areas where that's true would be in the IUD market. We just haven't seen that foot traffic, if you will, the patient flow return at the levels that I've been hoping. And that's one of the reasons I was saying that I think at the end of the day, PARAGARD unit volume ends up being relatively flat this year, so that growth comes from price. Again, I hope I'm wrong on that. I hope we see the traffic because that would certainly be upside. But right now, not anticipating that. 
Albert White: Well, we could. Right now, I would say that from a capital perspective, our focus is on paying down debt. I mean, obviously, the Cook transaction is out there, and we're going to evaluate that Cook transaction and come to a resolution on it. But outside of that, I would say the majority of our focus from a capital perspective right now is on paying down debt. 
Albert White: Great. Well, thank you. Thank you, everyone, for your time and for joining the call today. As I mentioned earlier, this is exactly how we wanted to start this fiscal year off on a good basis. So good revenue growth at vision, good revenue growth at Surgical efficiencies within the company, driving earnings upside. And I think we're well positioned to have a good Q2 to Q4. So I look forward to seeing you guys during the quarter and certainly to our next quarterly conference call. Thank you. 
