Robert Weiss: I think looking at the last 12 months, as I said, one quarter does not a trend make. The 2% was certainly soft. We had a very robust first quarter last year when you put it all together, trailing 12 months 5%, I think is pretty indicative. Keep in mind, the drivers, a lot of them are still in place, a continuation of the one-day modality in the U.S. being very robust. So I do believe the market has good legs to it, and that’s certainly been borne out the last four or five years, and I think that will continue.  Relative to Cooper, while we’ve been gaining share in all regions, keep in mind probably our strong suit has been Europe, where both Clariti and MyDay are represented. In the U.S., for all practical purposes, we have only just begun. We’re in the first inning, if you will. There was somewhat of a scrambled egg we had to work with because of the weak distribution system in the fourth quarter, so that’s not indicative of where Clariti in the U.S. should end up. We’re very optimistic about Clariti’s rollout in January in the U.S. I’m proud to say that we’ve dealt with the distribution channels, and we’re now shipping out of but one warehouse in the U.S. and so we like to say one invoice, one shipment, instead of two different distribution centers and two different invoices. So I think we’ll start seeing some momentum build, particularly in the United States, with that product family. 
Robert Weiss: Well, we’re clearly thinking about it from a combined point of view, as opposed to each individually. So one influences the other, and we’re, obviously in the U.S., putting a lot more muscle behind Clariti and waiting until we have a more robust production support for MyDay. But also, and most importantly, even if we had plenty of MyDay, we would not attempt to do both single use products rolled out in the U.S. concurrently. So MyDay is going to continue to work Europe. Clariti is reaching from Europe, where it’s done extremely well, into the U.S. We have the capacity. We now have the distribution system. So when I look at single use one day, we’re still kind of gearing towards $175 million in total for the combined silicon hydrogel one day portfolio. 
Robert Weiss: Solutions has been pretty much a flat market since the late 90s. So there’s been no growth in the last 17 years. No reason to think there will be growth. We’re not naïve to that fact, and typically as contact lenses move from planned replacement into the one day modality, there’s even further pressure on that. Having said that, what Sauflon did very nicely is package a nice portfolio of products, leveraging some large retailers that, among other things, get into direct to consumer shipments, combination lenses, and lens care for those that are not on the daily regimen. And still, keep in mind, the majority of wearers are not on the daily regimen. So off of a small base, we think there’s something there to look at. We have yet to determine how much muscle we’ll put behind it. So think of 2015 as kind of doing our homework. But don’t expect that we’re going to rush to any rash decision in terms of minimizing that business. To your question how did it do, it kind of held its own. It was a flattish business in the quarter.
Robert Weiss: Larry, just on that point, the 10% devaluation year over year, in other words, using last year’s exchange rates thank you, would have been 10% higher, the $100 million higher. That 10% is, of course, the foreign exchange piece, and if you then say 60% of our business is outside the U.S., that’s 6% on the overall number. So I think maybe we’re saying the same thing, the six equals the six. 
Robert Weiss: Well, J&J has been one of the generous people in the marketplace the last couple of years, and obviously they’ve gone pretty aggressive on UPPS. Someone asked the question on UPP before. We still think that’s kind of somewhat faddish, although we’re, in the case of Clariti, going along with a decision that Sauflon made to use UPP in the U.S.  Certainly, J&J has leveraged the UPP concept somewhat to their benefit on one side of the aisle, but very much to their detriment on the other side, if we compare the independent to the retailers. So they certainly have alienated the retailer. We’re still of the opinion that it’s somewhat novel but is not a long term strategy, meaning UPP is not the way the market should go. We’ll let that play out. J&J is, of course, as we look at it the next two years, they have in the one day modality, where the market is shifting from two weeks, their sweet spot.  They own, for all practical purposes, ex-Avaira, they own the two-week market in the U.S. That is shifting somewhat into the monthly modality, but very much into the one day modality where J&J still gets a fair amount of business, but they’re also losing a fair amount of business. So that’s where the real game gets played, is what goes on in the one day modality in the U.S. We like our chances with ProClear one day, Clariti, and then down the road, MyDay in that space.  J&J has moist, which is not bad as a non-silicon hydrogel, and we think that when someone has a choice, the eye care professional, when we look at planned replacement, 75% of the revenue dollars are in the silicon hydrogel modality. The only reason that does not also apply in the one day modality, which is now more like 15% to 16% silicon hydrogel, the only reason it’s not bigger is price point.  And that’s where True Eye and Total One are on the high end of the price point, the premium price point, and that is not the average consumer, and therefore we think that’s where a lot of fair game is for our product portfolio.
Robert Weiss: Yeah, there was no doubt the two and a half month delay cost us, and that’s why we ended up with the 13% OI for Sauflon. And a lot of people were on planes ready to hit the go button in September when all that hit.  So yeah, we lost some timing, and relative to where we’re going, on the $0.10 pickup, that really is reflected in the fact that there have been a number of things, both on their cost structure, on the manufacturing side primarily, that is driving us to be a lot more bullish. And we will make pretty good inroads into catching up on the synergy side and basically have identified more synergies than we initially thought, which led to the $0.10 pickup. 
Robert Weiss: I quoted last quarter, and again today, $175 million in total. We have not done the split out, because as I indicated, we’re going to be pushing Clariti, particularly in the U.S., a lot harder than MyDay, and reserving MyDay mainly for the continuation of the European rollout, for two reasons. One, we have the capacity with Clariti, and so why not put the muscle behind it. And two is we don’t want to try rolling out two silicon hydrogels at once in the U.S.
Robert Weiss: Fair question, and with Ocular, for those that don’t know, it was pretty much a $400 million company buying a $330 million company. So for all practical purposes, two companies about the same size with very diverse information systems, different locations on distribution, one on the East Coast, one on the West Coast.  Since we’re just starting the rollout, and the reason we kind of stopped it before it went too far in the last quarter, was it was coming out of separate distribution systems. That was in a startup mode, knowing it was going to be in a shutdown mode, which is kind of very difficult to ramp up and ramp down. And we also wanted to get it right from the point of view of the consumer, so what we did, recognizing that, is service only existing accounts without trying to roll out and create new demand that then couldn’t be met by the distribution center. Effective December 1, all inventory of contact lenses is shipped out of West Henrietta already, and it’s integrated into our system. It’s a simple product line called basically Clariti One Day, not a complicated one like Ocular had. All the private labels may have had 20 or 30 different private labels, and a lot of complexity to it. It was as complicated as Cooper in some respects, because of the private label modality, not the toric modality, if you will. But no, we feel highly confident that our systems are ready, and in the interim, we’ve been able to beef up the preparation of fitting sets that are rolling out to the field, so there’ll be a fair amount of muscle behind the product on all fronts, the fitting sets, the marketing emphasis in January, as well as what’s behind the scenes in the back office. 
Robert Weiss: I think it has changed permanently, and if I kind of look at it from a three-year point of view, three years ago, we were down 20%. Last year, we were down 16%. This year, we were down 17% in days of inventory on hand. There are minimums that the distributors are allowed to have. They’re at those minimums now, so they cannot contractually go below on any extended basis. I think we’re pretty efficient, and I’ve mentioned a couple of times in the past that as an example, we ship a lot of the custom-made torics and the odd torics, the onesies and twosies, on behalf of the distributors, so they don’t have to stock it. That led to a much more efficient requirement on the distributor in terms of what they had to carry. In other words, they’re carrying the high turnover SKUs and not the slow, complex SKUs like many of the torics are.  So the entire distribution channel is a lot more efficient in total, and I don’t expect that to revert back the other way. We’ve kind of got down to the floor. It took three years, and I would have said a year ago, when we had already gotten down, basically down 20, down 16, in aggregate down 36%, that would have been far enough. The reason I’m confident now is that floor, the contractual floor. If they go below where they are now, then that runs the risk of back orders and servicing the customer, and that’s kind of where we push back, if you will. 
Robert Weiss: The first question, on the warning letter, which came out of Puerto Rico, was issued earlier this fiscal year or early in the calendar year, I should say, and that has been removed. It has not yet been posted on the FDA site, but basically back in October the FDA cleared the warning letter. So happy to say that. Relative to consolidation, we have basically robust locations in Puerto Rico where we make over a billion lenses, well over a billion lenses, and in the U.K. Certainly, the U.K. is kind of a campus in the greater Southampton area, so that would be one site where, from a physical plant location point of view, we’ll still look at it. Hungary is in a ramp up mode, and that will continue in a ramp up mode with Clariti. And Hungary and Costa Rica are our low cost labor centers. And so we would expect to continue to ramp up and expand into Costa Rica. In the one day modality, you talk about making a lot of lenses, so I don’t see a huge amount of consolidation shutdown opportunity. We’re certainly not going to exit either Southampton or Hungary or Puerto Rico, making a billion lenses.
Robert Weiss: Yeah, Jeff, I do have the cheat sheet a little on some of that. The euro actually, as Greg alluded to, took a hit back in 2012, but actually gained slightly in 2013, and by that, I mean it went from $1.29 to $1.32. And then it went from $1.32 to $1.35 in 2014. So actually, from a full year point of view, it’s net marginally up.  It is the yen that, in 2013, took the big hit, 19% down, from 79 to 94, and then this year, it’s gone from 94 to 103, down another nine. And now, of course, ever since September 4, it’s just fallen off the cliff. So in aggregate, the yen is now devalued 56% since its high point of 77 back in 2012. So the combination of not only the yen, but also the euro and then of course the pound kind of joining it, but on a six-month lag base, and actually working against us as Greg indicated in the first six months of 2015, the pound goes the wrong way even. And then it starts going favorable as becoming a part hedge. So that, combined with the fact that our business has migrated from 50% outside the U.S. to over 60% outside the U.S. is a big factor, and what used to be $0.06 is now $0.10 with a range of eight to twelve depending on where the pound is moving in that pendulum.
Robert Weiss: Yeah, the Sauflon, if you will, is essentially 90-plus percent an outside the U.S. business with a lot of currency in euros, some currency and some expenses in pounds, and then of course Hungary, the plant Hungary. And I know we have that as a dollar functional currency, but for all practical purposes, it’s moving more in tandem with Europe, or not in tandem with the dollar, if you will. So Sauflon is part of the reason that we’ve moved up north of the 60% balance of U.S./non-U.S. From a manufacturing point of view, there’s somewhat the natural hedge of Hungary that comes into play, just like the natural hedge of the U.K. plant. But in terms of the revenue side, that is, where we are right now, 90% outside the U.S.
Robert Weiss: You know, we guided to, or my comments are we expect north of $200 million in free cash flow next year. This year, we had, of course, $235 million, I think it was, or $236 million.  So our expectation is that towards the end of 2015, as we go through the integration activity and rationalization, and recognizing that Sauflon is where our future capital requirements for growth are really going to be, the fact that they spend one third what we spend for the same production volume, if you will, makes it an attractive model.  There are certain types of equipment in the CooperVision pre-Sauflon aisle, if you will, that were very expensive and rest assured, we expect to be buying a lot less $30 million pieces of equipment as has been done in the past, going forward.  So that mix, particularly as we rationalize some of what’s going on with the manufacturing technologies and which products are made on which platforms, we’re highly optimistic that by the end of 2015, and moving into 2016, capital requirements will drop substantially, if for no other reason the fact that they spend one third as much for the same volume as we had been spending with the Clariti side. As far as free cash flow, post 2015, other than to say you’re going to have two drivers, one is improved operating results from the integration activity being substantially complete by the end of 2015, number one. And number two, the reduced capex should lead to very attractive improvements, both on the P&L and on free cash flow in 2016. 
Robert Weiss: As far as how we’re doing in Europe, if you look at our three regions, the one that really is stellar in pro forma constant currency, in other words, what we did is adjust it as if we owned Sauflon in the prior year. That was up 13% in constant currency compared to U.S. five and Asia Pac seven. That’s where we have Clariti and MyDay both in the marketplace, and they’re basically doing stellar there. If you look at from the point of view of how are our products doing in the single use modality, you’re correct that from a CLI perspective, the market of one day worldwide last quarter was only 6%. But as I indicated, I don’t think one quarter does the trend make, and if I look at it from a 12 month point of view, it was 9%. Maybe that was the 9% you were quoting. We, on the other hand, put up 11% constant currency growth - once again, pro forma constant currency growth - this last quarter. So pretty robust there, and that kind of reflects the driver being, among other things, Clariti in the one day modality and MyDay, to a much lesser extent. And for the last 12 months, trailing 12 months, we were at 16%, likewise very robust.  I think part of that 11% we had this last quarter was the fact that as far as deceleration was what was going on in the U.S., where we really didn’t have MyDay into the U.S. market. And quite frankly, Clariti did next to nothing because of some of the things I explained regarding the disruption and our decision to pretty much stop new emphasis and opening new accounts and only service the existing accounts until January. So it will start showing up post the calendar year end and we look forward to good things really after the first quarter [unintelligible] starting that process. As far as pricing, I would say overall pricing in that modality is on net, up, meaning you have the trading up phenomenon as we, particularly Total One, which is off the charts trading up. So you have ARPs migrating up for a variety of reasons. Silicon hydrogel within the one day modality space. And I don’t see any change in that. In other words, as we go from conventional hydrogel lenses to silicon hydrogel lenses, that is a trade up activity that will continue.
Robert Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. I wish we had a better story on foreign exchange, so if there’s anyone on the line that knows how to weaken the dollar, please send your suggestions to Washington DC or someplace. And I know we’re not the only company that is dealing with foreign exchange, trust me, but it is kind of painful. We think hopefully you’ll look beyond foreign exchange to what’s really going on in the company. We are extremely jazzed about that, and I must admit, just getting that official notice this morning that the CMA cleared us to go forward was just a nice thing to have going forward, because then the walls come down and we can hit the go button throughout the world relative to Sauflon. So I’m jazzed about that, and we look forward to updating you on our next quarterly call, which will be March 5, 2015, on the progress we’re making. Look forward to it. Thank you.
