Brian Andrews: Thank you, AL, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. For the first quarter, consolidated revenues were $932 million, up 9% as reported and up 8% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 67.3%, up from 65.7% last year, driven by efficiency gains and price at both CooperVision and CooperSurgical.  Operating expenses grew 8%, improving to 43% of revenues as we continued leveraging prior SG&A investment activity. Consolidated operating margin improved to 24.4%, up from 22.6% led by the gross margin improvement and SG&A leverage. Below operating income, interest expense was $28.6 million, and the effective tax rate was lower than expected at 13.3% due to stock option exercises. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.85, up 18% with roughly 200 million average shares outstanding. The impact from FX was $0.03 negative year-over-year for the quarter. Free cash flow was $5 million with CapEx of $118 million. As discussed on prior calls, free cash flow continues to be impacted as we progress with our capacity expansion projects. Net debt increased to $2.6 billion due to the closing -- due to closing the Cook Medical acquisition in November. To summarize fiscal Q1, this was an excellent start to the year. CooperVision and CooperSurgical both posted strong results, and we expect this to continue. We remain focused on exceptional operational execution, combined with high return investment activities such as increasing capacity and expanding geographically, and we're confident this will drive significant long-term shareholder value. Moving to fiscal 2024 guidance. We're increasing expectations for revenues and earnings by incorporating our [ Q1B ], better future operational performance and slightly lower interest expense. This results in full year consolidated revenues of $3.85 billion to $3.9 billion, up 7% to 8% organically. For CooperVision, we expect strong results to be driven by healthy demand and improving capacity. This translates to an increase in our organic revenue guidance to 8% to 9%, which equates to $2.57 billion to $2.6 billion. For CooperSurgical, we expect continuing strength in fertility along with solid performance in our office and surgical product category. This translates to an increase in our organic revenue guidance to 5% to 7%, which equates to $1.27 billion to $1.29 billion. We're increasing our non-GAAP EPS guidance to an expected range of $3.50 to $3.58, up 9% to 12% year-over-year or up 15% to 17% in constant currency. This guidance assumes roughly $108 million of interest expense, which includes no interest rate changes by the Fed during the remainder of our fiscal year. For tax, we're expecting a full year effective tax rate of roughly 14.5%, by incorporating Q1 and assuming no additional discrete items. For currency, rates are very similar to our initial annual guidance. Thus, the impact to Q2 to Q4 is essentially unchanged. And the full year impact is still roughly a negative 1% to revenues and a negative 5% to earnings. To wrap up, we had an excellent fiscal Q1 and the business is trending well. We're leveraging our prior investment activity, advancing our production efforts and investing to drive continued growth. Demand and momentum are strong, and that's reflected in our updated guidance. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions. 
Brian Andrews: Larry, thank you. Our -- the story is largely pretty similar to the commentary we provided last quarter. Outside of the FX piece, which is negative to us on revenues and EPS and some OI, frankly, and cost of goods, we're still holding gross margins pretty similar to last year. . So it will depend a little bit on product mix as you work through the year. It will bounce around a little bit, but I'd expect that we'll land somewhere in the neighborhood of where we ended last year on an as-reported basis from a gross margin perspective. Operating margin, we've taken up our implied constant currency OI growth to 14% to 17%. So we're effectively increasing our operating margin a touch from where we were -- where we had guided last quarter. But yes, I would expect operating margins to be up on an as-reported basis year-over-year, quite a bit more on a constant currency basis.  And from a gating perspective, I wouldn't really point out anything in particular outside of the fact that FX, as we've been telling people last quarter, is a bit more of a negative in Q2, which is our worst FX quarter, and so it's going to impact us a little bit there. 
Brian Andrews: Yes. Jeff, thanks for the question. Yes, currency in the first quarter wasn't as impactful as the latter part of the year. Certainly, Q2 and Q3 are worse from an operating profit or a gross profit perspective. Outside of that, I wouldn't really point to anything in particular. I would say Q1 kind of landed about where we expected. Some of it's a little bit of timing. But I would say, in general, we're expecting on an as-reported basis, pretty similar gross margins as we work through the year. 
Brian Andrews: Steve, yes. So I guess what I'd say is we talked about free cash flow last quarter being up versus last year, probably about $100 million this year. I would say that the first half of the year is we're going to see sort of similar kind of free cash flow numbers as we saw in Q1 and Q2. And then I would expect will reflect nicely in Q3 and Q4. So cash flow conversion will be improved. I'd say as a percentage of revenues, this is going to be kind of a, I would call it, a high. I mean, it should be pretty similar to last year on a percentage basis. But as we look at next year and the years thereafter, I would expect it to come down on a percentage basis. 
Albert White: Sure. Yes. Absolutely, I'll cover that. Several comments, I guess, as we think about it. You're correct, the contact lens market is strong right now, and it doesn't show any indications of slowing down. So we're -- we, as an industry, are in pretty good shape. When you look at pricing and volume trends and the transition to dailies, I mean, those are the hot points that are driving the market. And it does go back really to the transition to dailies. I mean that's one of the biggest drivers. As the market continues to shift to dailies away from the 2-week and monthly modalities, that's driving growth of the overall marketplace. And that's continuing to happen and it has just many, many years, I think, in front of us. From a pricing perspective, you're continuing to see positive pricing. We saw that through the price increases in Q1. I think you're frankly going to continue to see price increases as we move forward given where the market is right now. Volume trends, when you think about it, if you take that in terms of wearers, we are seeing wearers increase. The number of wearers around the world is increasing at a modest pace kind of as it does consistently. So you have that kind of underlying the growth, but then that transition to dailies and pricing being a big component of it. The other thing that I want to mention there is the growth in torics and multifocals. You're seeing -- you obviously see that in our numbers because we report it. But as a market, you're seeing a lot of growth in torics and multifocals. Those are higher-priced products that are doing really well, and they're going to continue to grow because they're underpenetrated throughout the world.  So you have a lot of potential for future growth in torics multifocals. And when I roll that into dailies and we talk about what's hitting the marketplace now with daily -- torics daily multifocals, that supports even more so the kind of strong market growth that's out there. From a supply perspective, we're in a much better spot than we were when we were talking to start this year. We made a lot of progress. My hats off to the team. We have a fantastic manufacturing team within CooperVision, and they've made some tremendous progress over the last quarter. So we're in a much better position to be able to support our existing customer base and also be able to launch products, new products and geographic expansion. 
Albert White: You're right, fertility is getting a lot of headlines. Now that's largely a U.S.-based thing because it's side to Alabama in the court like, we were like -- I won't kind of get in my high horse, if you will, of my frustration about what's going on there. But obviously, as a big player, we support fertility and all the patients and all the fertility clinics out there and we'll continue to do so. So there is some commentary that's out there more in the U.S. market than anywhere else around the world. So when I look at the global fertility market and how we're doing, I would only put so much weight on that because I think at the end of the day, the fertility markets continue to be really strong. And we'll see how we do quarter-to-quarter. But we're going to continue to post double-digit growth for a number of years, I believe. The underlying characteristics of that market are just too strong and are going to support too much growth for many years in front of us. 
Albert White: Yes. We'll see how fertility does on a quarterly basis, right? I mean underlying -- the underlying factors that drive fertility are continue to be strong. And I believe we're going to continue to put up strong fertility growth moving forward. When it comes to the growth of 5% to 7%, you are correct, right? I would still say, even with the strength of PARAGARD in Q1. And by the way, I think we're going to have a good quarter with PARAGARD in Q2. I would still kind of guide people to say, "Hey, that's going to be roughly flat on a year-over-year basis", due to ultimate volume demand and maybe some competitive entrants into that market. Now maybe that doesn't happen, and you'll get some upside from that. So you could argue there's a little bit of conservatism in that number. But after one quarter, I think taking it from 4% to 6% up to 5% to 7% is probably enough. And hopefully, we're able to certainly meet that if not beat that. 
Albert White: Yes. Yes. Great question, Jeff. Well, in Q1, we did 7%. It was a strong 7%. I mean we almost got ourselves to round up to 8%. So a good solid Q1 to start the year off. I do think we'll get ourselves back to double digit. As a matter of fact, I think we've got a good chance to get to double digit right away here in Q2. So when I look at kind of where we sit today, how we did in Q1, how we closed the quarter out, how February is going, improvements in our capacity that we have that's going to allow us a little bit more flexibility, yes, I feel comfortable taking that 7% to 9% up to 8% to 9%. And we'll see how it goes as we move through the year. 
Albert White: So you'll see MiSight in sphere, is where we'll report that. And we consolidated ultimately because I think it's just a better representation of how we look at the business, combined with competitive dynamics. And that was really the reason behind it. Yes. 
Albert White: Yes, sure. So for SightGlass, most of the JV shows up below the line, below operating income. It's a loss, as you can imagine right now, as we continue to invest in it. So we just run that through our P&L. And that's the way it will be moving forward other than if all goes well, that will turn obviously to a profit, and we'll report that below the line. The process right now is, without getting into too much detail is really to continue to work with the FDA. There are some spots, especially among younger children, where we have some really strong clinical data. So to continue with the FDA, meet the requirements that they're looking for and work hard here to get approval for that product, FDA approval for that product in the back half of next year. In the meantime, we're selling that in multiple markets around the world, including in China, and we're getting some great feedback on it. 
Albert White: Sure. Good questions. On lens capacity, yes, I think demand is strong. It's going to continue to be strong because you're continuing to get wearers that are going in, whether it's a new wearer or an existing wearer moving themselves to dailies and moving into torics and multifocals. So you're going to have that demand. I believe that underlying demand for years and years and years and years and years in front of us. The position that we're in today from a capacity perspective is allowing us to meet a lot of that demand, not all of it, but a lot of that demand. As I mentioned earlier, I think may have been Jeff asking about it. right? We're in a good enough spot here where we're going to be able to, I believe, even return to double-digit growth here in Q2, but certainly put us in a position where we're going to be able to post strong numbers. So that's how I'd answer that right now. And I think that with capacity continuing to come on, it's going to put us in a position to have, frankly, strong years for a number of years in front of us.  If I look at the myopia management market, boy, that's crazy, exciting. It's taking a while to develop. We obviously thought it would move along a little bit faster. But when I look at what's going in the marketplace right now with glasses, there are some fantastic products out there and SightGlass is one of those that's making its way into the marketplace and the feedback is excellent. MiSight is doing really well. We're seeing some really good momentum in MiSight in Europe and some other markets. It's a little difficult to get to a TAM, but we're certainly talking about a marketplace that's going to be in the billions of dollars. It's very large. And it's almost every month, we see a society somewhere coming out and pushing myopia management and just saying, "Hey, this needs to become standard of care". I think the U.K. was the most recent one. coming out and saying to optometrists needs to be standard of care. And it does. We need to proactively treat children. It's crazy that we don't do to the degree that we should.  And frankly, you have one and only FDA-approved product with MiSight right now, which is great, but we need the glasses to come along with that. And I'm happy to say that the industry is making a lot of progress there. So a big opportunity still in front of us. 
Albert White: Yes. As a general answer, I would say that our fit data is certainly in front of what our current market share is. And that's a good sign, right? And we've been running that way for a little while here, and we're continuing to run that way. The only caveat I would put on that or asterisk, if you will, is sometimes it's hard to get that data all around the world. We get that through GSK and a few other sources. But I'm comfortable continuing to say that our fit data is in excess of our market share, which is a really good sign for us. 
Albert White: Sure. I think that as we look forward here, where you're going to see growth is going to continue to be what you've seen, meaning we're going to do well in torics and multifocals. We have a great position in those categories and leadership position, right? We do really well. I think you're going to continue to see strong numbers there. The other place that you'll see strong numbers, we're doing well from a fit perspective is in the daily silicone hydrogel side of things. Now that would include some torics and multifocals, but also on the sphere side.  So that's where we have strength. If you look at legacy hydrogels and some of that kind of stuff, right, there's -- we certainly have weakness in those areas. But our fit data and our strength is in the direction that the market is moving. So that's a great sign. Within key accounts, yes, we're doing well within key accounts. What I highlighted in the script, which I'm excited to talk about is kind of key account activity within MiSight. The progression with MiSight has started with independent optometrists where we did well and we've been growing, right? But we started to get some of our key accounts more interested in the product and starting to roll it out throughout their franchises. They need to figure out how they're going to sell that, standardize it throughout the franchise, how they're going to price it, all the activity that goes around creating a new myopia management or myopia control infrastructure, if you will, That work is being done, and we're seeing progress on that. It's just solid, consistent progress, right? That's why we did, what, 50%, a little over 50% growth this quarter.  And I think you're going to continue to see that from my side, just plugging away at kind of 50%, something like that. 45%, 50%, 55% kind of growth on a consistent basis. That's being driven by underlying strength in those key accounts, whereas you know, Jason, right, we have a good relationship with a lot of them through the store brands and so forth right now. So expanding that relationship to include MiSight. 
Albert White: Yes, it's way underpenetrated. So I don't have the numbers right off the top of my head, but I would tell you, it's definitely underpenetrated in the U.S. market, and the U.S. market is by far the most penetrated and it's still solidly underpenetrated. When you go outside of the U.S., it would be way underpenetrated. And to your point, you're starting to see the fitting of patients who have an astigmatism has improved over the years, and it's much easier to fit a product -- a toric product. And by the way, the quality of those products has continued to improve. MyDay toric is just a fantastic product. It fits well. It's very stable, patients really like it.  So that's a great question. I should dig into the details. I mean I can just tell you it's significantly underpenetrated. There's -- off the top of my head, I can tell you there's 10-plus years of significant growth that's going to come out of the toric market as it continues to grow around the world. And as eye care practitioners continue to fit the correct lens for every single patient who comes in looking for the optimal visual correction. 
Albert White: Yes. Yes, good strong number in Europe. I think we're going to continue to have them. We have just a fantastic team there. Our commercial team is just killing it, and they have for a number of years. So I think when you combine the strength of our team over there, the rollout of products, we're going to get some new products in there. We're going to expand some of the products that we currently have put ourselves in a better position to sell. Yes, we're having strengths right there right now with key accounts and so forth. As product availability capacity improves, I think you're going to continue to see success. I couldn't be happier with what our European team is doing. 
Albert White: I'm kind of raising my eyebrow. I'm not sure what you're referring to, which means that's probably a really good sign because it wouldn't be applicable to us. 
Albert White: Sure. Yes, we had Ortho K growth around the world. So our team continues to do well with Ortho K but within China, it's very bumpy. I mean, we grew, what, 30 -- upper 30%, 39% or something like that in Q4 and down 10% here. So it's pretty bumpy. And whether that's channel fill or some other activity that's happening in China, that China is -- I believe, going to continue to be bumpy for us. Now we're -- that's not a huge market for us, as you know. So I'm not going to claim to be an expert in China. But we are seeing some volatility with respect to the Ortho K market and certainly within China. I would kind of split that from MiSight, right? And maybe that's one of the reasons you're seeing a little volatility in Ortho K is because of the strength that we're seeing in MiSight as that continues to improve. But I would probably say, yes, MiSight really strong, maintaining strong. Ortho K is still going to grow for the year, and it's still going to do fine for the year, but it's going to be choppy. 
Albert White: I guess I would probably stick with the 5% to 7% right now, but I would certainly lean towards the upper end of that. 
Albert White: Yes, that's really an interesting one. Spectacles are going to become the first line, if you will. Because when a child walks in the door, and we're talking about children, right? So 5 years old up to 13, 14 years old, the easiest fit by far for the optometrist is to put them in glasses. And I think that, that's really going to push the myopia management market forward because every single optometrist will be able to fit a child in glasses and get them out the door. And I don't know why you wouldn't do that. It'd be almost malpractice not to put somebody in glasses and treat their myopia progression. But what you're going to have off that is a couple of things. One, is you're going to have what happens in the normal world, which is people want to wear contact lenses and whether that's for sports or some sort of activity or whether that's for looks, you're going to have people wanting to wear contact lenses, and that's what's going to happen in that space.  The add-on to that, though, is going to be compliance. Because in order for that treatment and it's a treatment to be successful, the child has to wear their glasses and they have to wear them a lot.  If the child is not wearing them when they're going in for their annual appointment, they're going to -- the optometrist is going to be able to tell. It's going to be the same thing with Invisalign, right? And if you're not wearing it, you're not getting the value of the treatment.  The optometrist is going to be able to see and talk to the parents and say, "Hey, your child has these myopia control glasses, but they're not wearing them enough and I can see the progression of the myopia. We have to get them into contact lenses, so they're getting the full value of that treatment." So I think you're going to have a higher rate of penetration of contact lenses within the myopia control business than you do within contact lenses in general. 
Albert White: Well, I think we'll continue to invest as we are now. Once we get FDA approval, we'll work with EssilorLuxottica. I have conversations about the best way to launch that and how to capitalize on the FDA approval. So we'll continue to spend on it right now, supporting that product and launches around the world and things we're trying to accomplish, including the clinical work and so forth that we're trying to do. And then we'll determine the best path forward, hopefully, when we get the FDA approval kind of in the back half of next year. And that would be a really exciting thing and really open the doors to a pretty significant market for us. So we'll have to have the conversations and see where we go then. 
Albert White: Yes. Well, we'll see on future price increases as to how the economy continues to move. As of date, we're not seeing significant pushback, but a lot of the growth of the industry, remember, continues to be moved to daily. So a lot of that is a product mix trade-up, which includes higher price embedded within it, if that makes sense. So as we continue to move forward, that's where you're going to see a lot of that. So that's price increasing, if you will, but it's really a product mix shift to higher-priced products.  You have that -- within pricing for the market and for us, it's going to -- it's looking low single digits in that 2% to 3% range that I talked about, probably more towards the upper end of that, and that's kind of where the industry is residing right now and where we're sitting. 
Albert White: Yes, absolutely. One of the challenges that optometrists have with MiSight is they bring the child in. They have to talk to the child. They have to explain what contact lenses are, how to put lenses in, take lenses out. They got to explain to the parent what myopia is and the progression of myopia. The process takes a little while.  And when you layer contact lenses into it, it makes it a little bit more difficult than glasses. So anything that we can do to improve that process and make it faster is going to be definitely beneficial. And our marketing team has done a really nice job there and the development team on streamlining some of that activity to ensure that optometrists understand the fitting process and are able to do it very quickly.  I won't get into  necessarily the technical attributes and so forth of what we're doing. But suffice it to say, yes, anything that we can do is streamline that and help make that process easier and faster the better. So yes, you picked up on that is a good point because that is a benefit, and it's going to help us continue to drive growth. 
Albert White: I think with respect to PARAGARD, that's going to be a little bumpy. The underlying demand is still a struggle there in terms of being able to grow volumes. And then the other aspect of that ends up being a competitive product. We talked about that before. There was a product that could potentially get FDA approval that's essentially a generic. But if that does get approved and hit the market, that would impact us. When we gave guidance back in December, we incorporated some of that. That product has not been approved. So if you look at it as we move through the year, that makes me, yes, a little bit more optimistic for better performance this year. 
Albert White: Yes. Yes. Not too much to say on that other than I think it got picked up a little bit about some communication we had in Japan with respect to some capacity constraints. So when you look at allocation of product and capacity constraints that we had, that negatively impacted Asia Pac and probably will, frankly, a little bit again here in the second quarter.  But the underlying fundamentals and the team and the success we're having in Asia Pac is still strong. I think there's just a little bit on the capacity constraint side of things is what you're picking up. 
Albert White: Yes. Great question. If we look at MyDay as an example, I think the multifocal just came out a couple of years ago. MyDay Energys, as an example, just came out roughly a year ago in the U.S. market. So we still need to roll the multifocal out around the world. Frankly, there's still areas we need to get the toric out more the expanded framer range. There's markets we need to get MyDay Energys into. So you're just going to continue to see for the coming years, a bunch of launch activity, but it will be associated to mostly the products that you've already heard of. 
Albert White: Yes. It's tough in terms of units because there are so many units when somebody's wearing dailies, right? Because if they go from like Biofinity for [ us ], they need 24 lenses a year and depending upon how often they're wearing their dailies, right, 700-and-some lenses a year. So it's tough. But I would tell you, if you looked at a comparison of the FRP market, the 2-week and monthly market and said, that's where dailies is going to get ultimately, that was -- that's kind of without getting then now the core details would tell you that you just have a very significant runway in terms of dailies and wearers. So that's where I go back to like saying, hey, the market is a great market for 10 years or something like that because it's so underpenetrated on the dailies side. 
Albert White: Great. Thank you. Thank you to everyone for taking the time and joining the call. As you can probably tell from our commentary and response to questions, we're excited about where we are now. We started the year off really well. We're in a really good position moving forward. So thanks again, and I really look forward to catching up with everyone on our next earnings call. Thank you, operator. 
