Robert S. Weiss: Well, as far as competition, the concern, I would say, it's, in 2014, looks to be as active as the past. I would say noticeably more or less. We had a lot of good products come out with some of our competitors over the last 5, 6 years and I would speculate the only thing that shifts is who's making the most noise in a given year, and clearly, we have kind of a new entrant, if you will, in the U.S., but one that's been around for really 20 years in Europe. And there's a couple of these products from companies that have been less active in the last 10 years. When you put it all together, I know that it noticeably changes much other than maybe the market upticks a little bit more because I think we're all getting a little better at the trade-up strategy to 1 Day and now, it's the silicone hydrogel 1 Days, which is seen even a bigger trade-up. As far as cannibalization with MyDay, we kind of looked at that, thought about it and we know where the majority of -- by far the majority of the revenue is coming from new fits and competitive products. So very little by way of cannibalization occurring.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes, I think the niche -- it's still a niche market in the U.S. with TruEye and Total1 and they're at the high end, not where one would expect to find Moist and Proclear 1 Day. Proclear 1 Day, I would say, is more at the top end -- let's say at kind of a spot-on location of Moist and then MyDay would be -- which is not relative to the U.S. market but be more nipping at the top end of the Moist. If we kind of divided that pie in half, the top end, top half of the pie. So no, I don't think there's much of an impact at this juncture with 1 Day silicone hydrogels in the U.S. market on Proclear 1 Day.
Robert S. Weiss: Yes. The rollout of MyDay in 2014, 2015 is totally capacity-driven and that's what capped us off at $25 million in terms of that expectation in 2014 and we're still feeling very good about that number, mainly because it looks like we will be able to deliver on supply side enough to deliver that revenue number and maybe a small bit more, but not enough to take to the bank. So all is going well on the capacity roll-out front. On the yield curve, we talk about entering the year, the first half being in the low singles, and the second half being the upper singles, and then moving into the teens next year. That all is looking very promising. Timeline's getting equipment in, getting it production-quality as we [indiscernible] is going on schedule and the yield learning curve is on schedule and maybe slightly better. So there in our -- my little comment about being maybe a little ahead even on the manufacturing side, which would be good news.
Robert S. Weiss: First, Tom, on the question on MyDay ramp-up rollout in 2015. We expect to be able to triple our 2014 number, meaning 25, going up to around 75. Once again capacity limited, but that's a function of number of lines coming on board. And with that, we would then of course enter the U.S. market beyond just in 2014. As you see, the product in the U.S. will be mainly with key opinion leaders, just a handful of them, not much more than that. So it's still restricted to mainly Europe and, to a lesser extent, New Zealand and Australia. As far as the weather, the weather we kind of monitored. I'm sure you're -- -- you're right, we've certainly have heard some limitations caused by the weather and we certainly know, watching the news, that a lot of shops weren't open in the Southeast when Atlanta got shut down a few days, and then it go it again. So there's no doubt that took a modest impact on the contact lenses space, as well as our revenues. Having said that, our numbers were robust enough. I don't think we're really saw the impact of those impact our P&L. So therein we didn't make much of a statement about it.
Robert S. Weiss: On the first comment on the gross margin of MyDay is -- has moved into that low single-digits or single-digit arena, aside from the fact that when we did take lines down and ramped them back up, the second lines for example, as we called it, the galactic line, there was idle equipment during that period of time, so there is a charge in the P&L. In addition, let's say, if you were to overlay that into MyDay, MyDay would have a net loss on the gross margin line when considering idle equipment and start-up cost on the second line. When we look to the line-making product and selling product, we are in that single-digit arena. On the SG&A commentary, yes, we're getting some leverage albeit modestly so in terms of ramping up. Greg, I'll kind of defer, if you want to add anything to that.
Robert S. Weiss: My expectation is that this is a 3-year rollout of investing first year in Europe, 2014; second year in the U.S., 2015; and the third year in Japan and Asia, 2016. During the period of time, margins will move from single-digit this year into the teens, upper teens next year. The normalized margins, I would expect, post-year 3 and then you'll get in to the 40s, and ultimately, we should get in around that 50% neighborhood on gross margins. Operating margins as we get into year 4, by then you start getting a more normalized operating margin contribution from the 1 Day modality, which still should be in the -- some place in the 20s. But the long-term objective, if we look at the model to 2018, and we have 25% operating margins, the success of the 1 Day strategy should not result in any undue push on the operating margin to 25%. However, we'll certainly influence the gross profit percent and its related mix.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, what we've said on the CIBA royalty runoff is that it's going to certainly be part of the equation going from 21% last year to 25% in 2018. We're going to take some of that and spend it on certain areas, R&D and geographic expansion. But that we, between leveraging the P&L, a favorable shift on the continuing growth of Biofinity, which is a very high gross margin, and will help to keep our gross margins reasonable in this 5-year period, that we have enough strings to pull in terms of operating expense leverage to get to the 25%. The other variable, you have the royalty is one, you have the runoff of the 10-year anniversary of the Ocular acquisition where amortization drops off as a favorable tailwind. And then you also have some depreciation on the initial equivalent we got with the Ocular acquisition, which is now going to anniversary at 10 years also. So not only amortization, but also depreciation on the first line of equipment. Having said that, we're spending a lot of money on capital equipment, so don't expect to see depreciation in total go down, it will go up as we shift into that 1 Day modality. Net-net, we're -- the royalty is a contributor to that 25% objective.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, Biofinity has been doing well in the U.S. and throughout the rest of the world. And in this last quarter, it add growth, I want to say, in around 20%, 28% or 24% it was right up there, if you will.
Robert S. Weiss: 28% constant currency worldwide. Relative to the launch of a monthly fear in the U.S. market, I don't anticipate that we'll see much of a volume, if you will, of that product in 2014. Partly, it's undoubtedly supply limitations on just very much like we have on MyDay where, if you only have 1 line running, it's going to be hard to make a lot of product and your limitations are there. I think the second issue there is, I think there'll be a lot of cannibalization of that product with their franchise products in the same space and that will evolve. And then thirdly, complete lines having a toric and a multifocal, as well as a -- Sphere is an important factor in the monthly modality. Let's just -- on the 1 Day modality, in case you were kind of cherry picking, if you will, but in the monthly space, very important to have the halo effect. And they still don't have that product finalized, let alone in production. So for 2014, maybe into -- close to 2015, I don't think it's a big deal. I'm not convinced from things I've heard from the competitor that's all the money they need to on capital, let alone if they're going to do a two-pronged approach in the monthly, as well as on the daily product group. So I'm not too -- losing too much sleep about it.
Robert S. Weiss: No. Torics is doing good particularly outside the U.S. and particularly some of our 1 Day torics has done very well and our Biofinity in Japan as we kind of roll out toric into -- or Biofinity and torics into new areas. So the rest of the world is playing catch-up and I would expect that the toric modality and the multifocal modality are, as a market, doing very well, and we continue to gain share in both of those markets. As far as the one impact in the fourth quarter, we, of course, had a fair amount of Biofinity that went into that authorized distributor, and so that had some impact on the Biofinity family, which would include, to a lesser extent, some torics in that equation. But that would be -- I don't think there's anything unusual year-over-year in terms of our comps on that.
Robert S. Weiss: Oh, okay. I think what can bring it back is you have a settling in with the cloud of the Affordable Care Act and Obamacare. So there's a lot of -- 2 dynamics going on. One is that Act, one is consolidation within the profession of the OB/GYN, meaning more women coming into the profession, more men leaving. The older demographic was men that are retiring. The newer demographic, women coming into the profession. They are more inclined to go into group practices. Therefore, if you needed one of a product for each office you need, there are less office fronts, if you will. I think most of that will have leveled out. I think the Affordable Care Act is going to translate to more companies that have one product and do not have critical mass and cannot deal with buying groups, leaving the marketplace and being gobbled up. So I would anticipate a new round of buying opportunities over the next 10 years caused by the Affordable Care Act and the related effects of it. We are in prime positions to be in front of buying groups and large hospitals making a decision for the main hospital, as well as -- the main campus, as well as all the satellite locations. So I do think that will bring it back. One of the important things for Cooper, and part of that model is refreshing. And quite frankly, we'd had some misses on the check the box on refreshing the portfolio, with some new acquisitions over the last 2 years. It's not because we haven't been kicking tires. We just didn't land the right one yet. But we are certainly active in the area of looking and seeing what opportunities come out of the Obamacare environment, if you will. And I would suggest there will be some. So I do think that will bring it back. We are very leverage-able in that model, as it stands.
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I want to thank you for all -- joining us on our first call for the new fiscal year. I look forward to updating you on MyDay and other developments for the second quarter on our call that I think it's going to be the 5th of June, if my calendar is correct on a Thursday. So we look forward to updating you at that point in time. And with that, I'll conclude.
Gregory W. Matz: I think the only thing I would add is that we're aware that as our gross margin improvement has slowed, that we've been talking for the last year that we need to get that in SG&A, and there are focused efforts to look and be mindful of SG&A. So I think we're seeing some of that work.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes, it was like $1.4 million. That is -- no P&L impact, that's all balance sheet. It was reimbursement for a damaged equipment in that October 2011 U.K. issue where the fire suppression system malfunctioned.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes. The difference was the business interruption insurance. So business interruption insurance hit the P&L on a GAAP basis, and you saw that last year. In fact, in Q1, it was $14.1 million. The reimbursement for the equipment that was damaged, that always went through the balance sheet and there was no P&L impact.
Gregory W. Matz: Yes, one of the things that we're going to see especially the third and fourth quarters, we'll start to see the impact of the pound, the fact that it's been strengthening and 40% of our production happen in U.K., as we've mentioned in the past. And so that will have -- that will put some headwinds on our gross margin in the second half.
