Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al, and good afternoon, everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to our earnings release for a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. For the fourth quarter, consolidated revenues were $927 million, up 9% as reported, and up 9% organically. Consolidated gross margin was 66.7%, up from 65% last year, driven by better operational performance at both CooperVision and CooperSurgical, along with favorable currency. Operating expenses grew 8%, improving to 42.3% of revenues, as we saw leverage from prior investment activity. Consolidated operating margin improved to 24.4%, up from 22.2%, led by the strong gross margins and leverage from our operating expenses. Below operating income, interest expense was $26.4 million, and the effective tax rate was slightly higher than guidance at 12.8%. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.47, with roughly 49.9 million average shares outstanding. With respect to FX, it was $0.25 positive year-over-year for the quarter, which was $0.02 worse than expected in our Q4 guidance. Free cash flow was $29 million, with CapEx of $145 million. Net debt decreased to $2.45 billion. For the full year 2023, we reported record revenues of $3.6 billion, up 9%, or up 10% organically, and non-GAAP EPS of $12.81. Within this, consolidated operating income grew 11% on a constant currency basis. To provide additional color on our fourth quarter results, first, we had solid execution with an emphasis on delivering stronger gross margins and leveraging our operating expenses. This focus on delivering a more leveraged P&L is continuing in fiscal 2024. Second, we completed a significant amount of infrastructure and integration activity this quarter. This puts us in an excellent position to deliver success moving forward, including ramping up capacity and implementing continuous improvement projects. And lastly, we finished the majority of the integration of our specialty lens care unit into our core CooperVision business. This is a great move from a commercial and efficiency perspective, but it did result in a non-cash intangible asset impairment charge associated with the discontinuation of certain products, which was a large part of our non-GAAP adjustments this quarter. Before moving to guidance, let me mention that we closed the acquisition of select Cook medical assets on November 1st. The purchase price was $300 million, with $200 million paid at closing, and the remaining $100 million to be paid in two $50 million annual installments. The acquired assets generated approximately $56 million in trailing 12-month revenue as of September 30th, 2023, and we expect growth of 5% to 7% in constant currency this year, excluding one-time charges and yield-related amortization. The transaction is expected to be accretive to non-GAAP gross and operating margins and accretive to non-GAAP earnings per share by approximately $0.20 in fiscal 2024. Moving to guidance, we’re guiding to fiscal 2024 consolidated revenues of $3.81 to $3.88 billion, up 6% to 8% organically, with CooperVision revenues of $2.55 to $2.6 billion, up 7% to 9% organically, and CooperSurgical revenues of $1.26 to $1.28 billion, up 4% to 6% organically. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $13.60 to $14. This assumes roughly $110 million of interest expense, which includes the debt from the assets acquired from Cook Medical and no interest rate changes by the Fed during our fiscal year. For tax, we’re still expecting a roughly 15% effective tax rate, excluding any discrete items, such as stock option exercises. For currency, we’re using roughly current rates, which result in a year-over-year FX headwind of roughly 1% to revenues and roughly 5% to earnings. And lastly, the EPS range corresponds to roughly 10% to 13% constant currency OI growth, excluding Cook, or 13% to 16% with the Cook acquisition accretion. To wrap up, as announced in our earnings release, our board has approved a four-for-one stock split with an effective date of February 16, 2024. This is in response to many years of strength in our stock and our desire to adjust the price to make ownership more accessible to employees and investors. And lastly, we made the decision to stop paying our de minimis semi-annual dividend. With that, let me conclude by saying fiscal 2023 was a record year for Cooper, and we’re well positioned to deliver solid growth and leverage in fiscal 2024. And now, I’ll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Jeff. Yes, I guess what I’ll say is, we use roughly current rates, but you’re absolutely right. We did not factor in today’s currency moves, in particular, the yen. So, like with guidance, we’re initiating the year. We always exercise a certain level of prudence. And I would say we do that with respect to currency as well.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Jon. Yes, I guess I wouldn’t really – there’s nothing in particular that I would point out. We’re going to have a -- I think we’ll start off with a good year, as Al said, and but if there’s going to be something maybe that I point out is, if I look at currency today, the biggest impact from currency is probably hitting us in Q2 versus the other quarters. But outside of that, I would say kind of, normal seasonality gating kind of phasing through the year.
Brian Andrews: Hi, Robbie. Yes, we actually came in at $215 million of free cash flow. Obviously, we had a pretty large CapEx year. We ended the year at $393 million in CapEx. We had been guiding around 400, so we kind of landed right at that mark. We had the Cook termination fee that we paid in 2023, so that offset some of the free cash flow. Interest, FX, taxes were also headwinds in 2023. So that kind of really put a damper on free cash flow generation. I do expect that free cash flow will improve in 2024, probably in excess of $100 million over 2023. We still have some headwinds tied to FX, taxes and interest, probably about $50 million that are creating more of a headwind for us. But certainly, if I look at CapEx, it’s going to be elevated again in 2024, probably similar levels as we saw in 2023.
Brian Andrews: I see. Yes, that does contemplate Pillar 2. Our expectations are incorporated in guidance. And I’ll just restate, we expect our ETR to be around 15% pre-decrease.
Albert White: Sure. Hey, Jason. A couple of things. We’re still going to put out good growth in the first quarter here. I mentioned we think we’ll be somewhere about roughly 7%. We are capacity constrained and that we could grow faster than that if we had more capacity, but a lot of wear demand on that. So we have new lines coming in. We’ll progress through the year bringing additional lines on so that we’ll be able to continue to report upper single digits or even double digit growth in some quarters. When I look at our guidance of the 7 to 9, I think about price. I’ll probably maybe give it in the context of the market, right. Last year, if we look at 2023, the market pricing was about 2% to 3%. We were on the lower end of that. I think if you looked at this year, pricing again in the market will probably be 2% to 3%. We’ll be at the higher end of that. And that’s probably how I would define it. So I wouldn’t read too much into a dramatic delta between our price increases and where I think the market’s ultimately going to be. We did our price increase for some of our pricing at least here earlier in the year and then normal. We’ll see what some of our competitors do with respect to pricing in the coming months.
Albert White: Yes, I guess my response would be that we grew operating income 11% this year on a constant currency basis. That’s faster than revenues. Our consolidated guidance this year at the midpoint is 7%. And Brian just mentioned that our operating income constant currency growth is 10% to 13%. So that’s leverage again and we’re focused on improving our operating margins and driving success there. So we did it in 23%. We’re anticipating doing it in 2024. And my belief is you’ll continue to see that in the coming years.
Albert White: Yes, the capacity constraints are tied to MyDay. So we have continued to win wearers in MyDay at a faster clip than we were anticipating. A lot of that wearer growth and growth in my day is coming from Torics, especially, which have a wide skew range. So that’s put some pressure on us. So I would kind of say, hey, the success that we’re having, again, in terms of wearer growth has driven some of those capacity changes. Now, we knew it. We saw that stuff. We’ve been investing in CapEx. You can see that in our CapEx numbers. We have additional manufacturing capacity coming online. So we’re in good shape. We’re just running into kind of a little bit more of a very short term issue here where we’ll have a strong quarter, but maybe not a double digit quarter.
Albert White: Sure. Yes, we’re not going to give a guidance range for myopia management this year. I mean, similar to all of our other products, we’re just not going to do guidance like we don’t do for daily SI highs or anything else. I mean, we’ll continue to give growth rates and details and so forth, but I’m not going to get into a guidance range. One other thing, Larry, I just want to mention, like our usual guidance, if you will, put that in quotes, usual guidance, and certainly pre-COVID was kind of running at the market at four to six and us six to eight. I mean, the market at five to seven and seven to nine is greater than our kind of pre-COVID, if you will, traditional guidance. So I just want to be clear that we are guiding to a stronger market overall and stronger performance from us than we used to guide to at least pre-COVID.
Albert White: Yes, yes. Great questions. Let me answer that second one first. You are right. We have a lot more volume going through our supply chain, if you will, or through our logistics chain. We did a significant amount of that work over the last couple of years. And I take my hat off to our global distribution team. They’ve done an amazing job. I’m happy to say that the vast majority of that activity is getting behind us. And I’ll use the example I’ve talked about, which is our West Henrietta Distribution Center outside of Rochester, New York. Great team. They’re a great group of people. They’ve done a really nice job. That expansion is done. So the risk associated with that kind of activity is significantly lower. Same thing, our liaise [Ph] team in Europe did a fantastic job with software updates and so forth. So I think we’re in a really good spot when it comes to our distribution, our packaging, labelling, distribution, and so forth. And I’ve got a lot of confidence in the team there. So happy to say a lot of that work is behind us. On the supply constraints, again, it’s my day related. From a regional perspective, we’ll see how that plays out. I don’t want to kind of point to any particular region or tip my hat from a competitive perspective or anything else to anyone. So we’ll see how it plays out. I’ll certainly, obviously, give commentary on that on the Q1 quarter. But again, I just want to be clear, we’re still expecting a good solid Q1.
Albert White: Yes, great question, Jon. In a way, it’s not a demand spike, so to speak, as much as it has been consistently strong demand. Remember that when you’re talking about the MyDay lines, and a lot of our manufacturing lines now, it’s still taking us somewhere in the area of 18 months from the time we order that line to the time the line is producing product that we can sell into the marketplace. That’s still a little bit longer because of all the robotics, camera systems, and so forth. So you’re talking about if we had an increase in demand, which we’ve seen on those products, say over the last six, nine months, that kind of thing, right, you can order new lines. But to catch up on that sometimes, it takes a little while, right? So what you’re getting in for production here right now would be lines that we ordered a year and a half ago. So I think the team did a really nice job in terms of planning that out, and we continue to plan that out in advance. But it’s a little hard to tie that together. When you get an extended period of time of winning more wearers than you anticipated, you can get yourself in these kind of situations. But where I get comfortable is we know what lines are coming on. We can see the production. We see the lines coming on. Our manufacturing team is insanely strong at getting these lines ramped up and into production, and they’re doing a great job. So we have all the schedules. We have the demand. We see all the activity and so forth, and we’re able to manage it.
Albert White: We -- we’re definitely not losing any customers. That’s for damn sure. And we’re continuing to gain new wearers. There’s no question about that. Could we be gaining even more wearers? Yes, I do. I think we’re going to permanently lose them. No, because we are going to have the product. It’s rolling into the market. I’m not talking about a dramatic change. We’re giving guidance for the year of seven to nine, and we’re talking about doing a seven in Q1. So let’s not blow this out of proportion, right? This is a --there’s a short-term, like, little thing here from a revenue perspective. But we are winning wearers at an abnormally large clip. We’re going to continue to win wearers this quarter in Q1, and we’re going to win them the rest of this year.
Albert White: Hi, Craig. Yes, great question. We’ve been getting this question a lot because currency has been really moving against us year after year after year. I certainly would love to see this trend continue, but certainly if it does and the dollar were to weaken, yes, we’re going to let that currency fall through to the bottom line.
Albert White: Yes, I mean, no. Unfortunately, I guess I’d say no updates right now on Cyclas. We’re continuing to progress and do work. We’re selling that product in markets around the world. There continues to be positive momentum. I’m excited about it, but I don’t have any good updates to give you right now. Maybe on the next call that we have, but really nothing right now.
Albert White: Sure. I think I’ll go back to a question Craig asked there with Brian. A couple of things. One is, as we talked about last year and as we gave guidance this year, we are talking about our operating income growth and constant currency. When it comes to FX, we’ve seen it move nicely in our favor, as Jeff said, or asked. Some of that’s not incorporated in the current guidance, but it’s great to have currency moving in our favor. And I’ll reiterate what Brian said, which is we’re going to continue to manage the business that way. If currency moves in our favor, that currency is going to flow through the P&L. We have great investors and a lot of them have stuck with us as we’ve worked through the last several years where currency moved against us. And they deserve to get the opposite side of that. If currency moves in our favor, that will flow through the P&L and we’ll post some strong quarters. I think EPS was up 26% this quarter. I’d love to see currency move in our favor and post some more really strong quarters. So that’s what I would tell you, is we run this business to drive constant currency leverage and growth. We plan on delivering that and hopefully, fingers crossed, we get some positive currency that helps us drive that. And then on top of that, I guess maybe one other add would be generating cash flow, paying down some debt, reducing interest expense.
Albert White: Yes. We’re a little early probably this year compared to some other years in terms of our price increases, so we’ll see what other people do. But I’ve talked a little bit about some of the constraints we have here in capacity. We have competitors who have similar challenges. We don’t have some of the other supply chain challenges some of them have been working through. But at the end of the day, the core contact lens industry is growing nicely. It’s growing for a number of different reasons. Trade-ups, growth in Torics, growth in multifocals, growth in wearers, geographic expansion. One of the things that’s happening as we move to this kind of happy oligopoly, because remember, ourselves, J&J and Alcon are close to 90% of global revenues for contact lenses, is you’re seeing a lot of demand for contact lenses, and that’s creating an environment where all of us are struggling to keep up with that demand. And it takes a lot of time to get new manufacturing lines in a ramp-up capacity and manage through all the logistics that you have to do with this growth. So that’s a long way of saying that I believe for the foreseeable future, the contact lens industry is going to have very strong demand. Anytime you have strong demand and you have capacity-related issues associated with demand challenges, you normally have an environment where you have pricing. Companies are able to take pricing in that to offset some of those challenges. And then I would also add any inflationary pressures that are potentially out there. So I happen to believe you’re going to see pricing trend at a higher level here for a number of years in front of us.
Albert White: We’re in the first inning on that. And we’re probably, I don’t even know if there’s one out in the game. It’s very early in that. So Aetna just started coverage of that. Kaiser has some coverage on that. But in terms of insurance reimbursement and getting that through the industry to optometrists and so forth, it is very, very early in that process. So there’s some very significant potential upside associated with that. But I do not want to get in front of that because we’re very, very early in that game.
Albert White: Yes, sure. Yes, the amounts vary depending upon who it is and how it’s covered and what plans people have for MiSight. I mean, some of the coverage gets fairly high, as high as 50 or as high as 80%. So I think a lot of that coverage would be half up to 80% coverage. But again, I just want to caveat that by saying it’s very early in the process of how it’s defined and how it’s reimbursed. So a lot of work there. On PARAGARD, yes, we’re guiding to a flat to maybe down year. The challenge is around volume. There’s access to other birth control options that are out there, be it easier access to birth control pills, as an example, or other areas. I think the IUD market is going to continue to be pressured from a volume perspective. We do take price, as do other people in that space, and that kind of offsets it. But I think as you look at IUDs, at least for this year, and I don’t know if I want to forecast too much farther out, but we’re going to be looking at flat to declining volume. So that’s just the world that we live in right now with respect to IUDs.
Albert White: Yes, so I would say on capital allocation, our focus, frankly, is on paying down debt right now. We’ll continue to do the things we do, but we’ll have a heavier focus on paying down debt. If I look at share gains, yes, we anticipate continuing to take share and contact lenses. A lot of that will come from innovation because there’s some exciting products out there. Like I talked about, MyDay Energous as an example, which is doing really well, a really cool, innovative product that’s doing well. And then some of it I call innovation tied to some of the stuff that we’ve been doing, like on the multifocal side and on the Toric side. So I think we’ll have another good year within the vision space. And I think we’ll take share also within CooperSurgical, certainly within fertility. Great team there doing just an absolutely fantastic job, just posted a tremendous quarter. I have all the faith in the world in them, and we’re continuing to invest behind them. And we’ll continue to invest behind them moving forward. And I think we’ll see ongoing share gains within fertility.
Albert White: For CSI, yes, we’ll continue to look at some tuck-in acquisitions and so forth if we can find them. Again, I would reiterate, though, that we are looking at paying down debt. We’ve done, I think, a deal that’s going to turn out to be fantastic for us that we closed November 1st. So we’ll keep our eyes open maybe on some medical device stuff or some smaller tuck-ins that are out there. And if something comes along that makes sense, we’d evaluate that. Otherwise, we’ll focus on paying down debt. If I look at MiSight, our retention rates remain very high. We use an app that tracks all that, so all of our patients are on an app, and we’re still running somewhere around that 90% retention rate. We are seeing increasing fitting activity around the world. We’re seeing increasing fitting activity within key accounts also, which is kind of exciting for us right now. So the trends are good there. We had a good Q4. I’m anticipating a good Q1 right off the bat. We normally have our business kind of a sequential decline. It’ll be interesting to see whether we even have that within MiSight, given the strength of that business, the momentum that’s going on right now in terms of the number of fits that are out there and the growth that we’re seeing. So more to come on that one.
Albert White: Great. Thank you. Just to summarize, record year, record revenues, and vision, surgical, strong OI growth this year. We’re giving guidance, and we believe we’re going to have another strong year this year all the way through the P&L. So I’m excited about where things stand today, and I’m looking forward to this year because I think it’s going to be a really good year for us. So thank you to all of our employees around the world who killed it this year and are continuing to do an amazing job. And thank you for everyone who called in, and we’ll talk later. Thank you. Thank you, operator.
