Robert S. Weiss: Okay, Jeff you were little muffled but I think I got the gist of it. The $8.20 to $8.60 guidance let's call that middle of the road. It's broader than we normally would like. Obviously we're going out a lot further than we normally would, but a lot of moving parts that Greg alluded to. Obviously some of the moving parts have to do with each of the key assumptions. One is on product rationalization I alluded to the fact that we’re going to be making some decisions on product rationalization which could certainly impact top line, what happens and how we use the plants.  In some cases a factor might enter into -- you have MyDay, and you have Clariti, both in the one day space, how we position that and whether or not we put more emphasis on go to market or basically on which do we go to market with. So those decisions are being debated extensively as we speak, various meetings going on throughout the world and they certainly could have implications do you go faster or slower or do you build and roll out more fitting sets of one, product one compared to product two. The finalization of the rationalization of the split between the mass market and the premium market and the related pricing that goes into that, particularly as we enter the U.S. all of those things are up in the air. Suffice to say one of the other things up in the air is foreign exchange, which is moving as we speak in unfortunately the wrong direction. We've given guidance coming into today with the euro, which is a very key catalyst for our business, if you will, top line and bottom line at 1.31, I think it was -- we're already down to sub 1.30. So clearly things like that would weigh us towards the bottom end of the range if that were to keep up.  The timing of our transition into the global tax arrangements of Sauflon and is it all of the products or only some of the products would weigh on our effective tax rate. So I guess I would say suffice it to say there is softness from the top to the bottom in terms of some of the assumptions therein why we have 63 to 64 or 1% spread on gross margin for example.
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah, I'll give you two insights. One is the ease of change; how easy it is for them to convert from making one product to another and the downtime, compared to much more expensive equipment that’s more rigid, but high volume they get a lot more versatility in their platform. It's kind of like our platform in Rochester which gives us the ability to make made to order product, make changes a lot more rapidly compared to our high volume gen two type line. So that's one thing. The other thing clearly is the ability to make a product without alcohol and so their product and their production is easier. We've never basically had a love affair with alcohol, I think as many of those on the phone call know now we have a platform that allows for that and importantly a material that allows for that. So those two things are -- will weigh heavily on where we might go with different products in the future. 
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah, single use spheres, the biggest market in the world is Japan. And so Japan would be the most profoundly impacted by some of the activities with the VAT or the sales and use tax that occurred in Q1 versus Q2. So you do have to kind of normalize that, so one thing. The other thing is the second biggest market in the world now is the U.S. and it's clear we have a void where we are today. We have Proclear 1 Day doing a very credible job but it can't carry all the weight in the U.S. market. It does need a silicone hydrogel, a Clariti and a MyDay. So the absence of any of that activity yet into the U.S. numbers means that we are -- we have a temporary void that we all know will be filled up very shortly.
Robert S. Weiss: Basically we had some further contraction in our distributor network here in the United States. And when we look at that contraction compared to when we look at iData which is survey data that we get, we know that we did not lose share in those spaces. We're gaining share modestly. And we still, as I indicated, have much greater new fit share than we do total fit share meaning directionally we're headed the right way.  Conversely when I look at the total market for the U.S. and some of the survey data we have we can see a pretty big expansion and I am capable of, if you will, assessing certain products of our competitors and I won’t get into the details on that, but know how some of them wind up on eye compared to how the total market moves.  So it's more speculative but I have a pretty strong hunch that there were some areas where there was pipeline expansion, some of it could have been new product-related. That leads to some expansion and we didn't have that going on in the U.S. So the U.S. would have been or the Americas is a big part of it. 
Robert S. Weiss: Both will be supported, the debate is about positioning and obviously one dilemma is do you try to introduce and I'll be a little kind on the words, two blockbuster products at once in the U.S. or does one get the lead and one not get the lead. So that, when you have limited supply you have to make some decisions on am I better off doing X and Y if I have, two products and then sequencing it. So that’s one thing that matters. The second thing on rationalization there are some overlapping products that are less glamorous, let’s say then Clariti, one-day or MyDay and it will come into, should we rationalize out some of those products. 
Robert S. Weiss: As far as capacity for Clariti expansion, I guess two things, one is their total capacity is expanding rapidly, meaning Sauflon. And when I talk about versatility there are two plus on that. The versatility of whatever products you put on those lines, whether it’s Clariti single use or other products could influence your capacity considerably. If we were to take off the products off the lines that would directly influence the capacity. So when we look -- those decisions have yet to be determined, how much beyond their normal expansion of capacity that they were planning in their ramp up which was sustaining a company growing 20% a year if you will, and where we go with the product lines. So if we -- we can already make it on Cooper product line on Cooper equipment. We may elect to take even higher ARP products off of their lines and convert them to Clariti single-use if that makes sense. Long and the short of it is expect good growth from one-day silicon hydrogel lenses next year and it should certainly be well north of run-rate of $110 million that we're kind of looking at this year in terms of our roll-out next year. 
Robert S. Weiss: Joanne, you are correct. We were targeted to spend well north of $200 million this year prior to picking up one quarter of Sauflon. So suffice it to say it's going to be well north of $200 million, if you will. The good news about Sauflon in terms of its impact on our capital requirements their capital is less expensive by a lot. And I mentioned the fact that they don't use alcohol. So among other things that makes it less expensive by a lot. So while we would normally in the context of all the activity we have going on with our plant expansions and you will be -- those of you attending the analyst meeting next week you will get a lot of insights in terms of what's going on in just how many locations, how robust that expansion has been.  There is no doubt that having Sauflon in the fold allows us to rethink certain capital projects going forward and migrate to some degree from a premium expensive equipment to less expensive equipment which is positive. Having said that I think in 2015 there will be some modest favorable impact of that, beyond 2015 a lot more favorable impact of that. So longer term the aggregate of having Sauflon included in our numbers I would [stress] that the total capital program doesn’t go up at all, post 2015. It could be consumed in the improved capital model if you will. 
Robert S. Weiss: And just to add a little bit color on that there are some pieces of that process that are business-related meaning what are your business decisions that could come into play, that may alter where we land and some of that may take a little longer. So that may be a piece of it, most of it we know exactly where we're going and how we want to get there. 
Robert S. Weiss: I would say we are lower than I would have guessed as we end the third quarter. So I think they've rationalized their locations and that consolidation and that we're kind of near the floor. 
Robert S. Weiss: The way to think about it is -- it’s mainly a ramp up and roll out that they’re going through. So they have, they were on a trajectory and that was building. Having said that one of the key assumptions that would come into play would be that the initial rollout in the U.S. That initial rollout into the US which started last quarter for them is obviously one of the areas we need to think most about and that could mean going slow in certain parts of the U.S. as a result of that. It gets back into -- you have two products MyDay, Sauflon both entering the U.S. Really Sauflon Clariti is in front of MyDay getting here quicker. But you have an integrated operation in the U.S., that is what I'll call much more integrated than some parts of the world and much quicker, that comes into play and then product strategy we want to get it right from the get go and we don’t want to have to fix it further down the road. So that could all translate to less than what I would call a dynamic sales strategy in the U.S. in this next couple of months.
Robert S. Weiss: I wouldn't -- I would say the numbers that we've guided to for the fourth quarter don’t demonstrate any dilution from Sauflon and if anything there is some accretion starting in the fourth quarter, which then rolls into the period beyond, in other words we're not assuming it's a dilutive activity next year.
Robert S. Weiss: It’s going to be fully integrated with product rationalization. So the number in and of itself will be somewhat meaningless. We discontinued some of its products obviously, it’s going to minimize its growth in certain areas.
Robert S. Weiss: I would put that MyDay decision in hand-in-hand with Clariti, meaning are decisions we can make that will slow up the on-eye or the revenue activity next year of either one of those products and the example would be where you turn a product more into fitting sets, you take more of your production into fitting sets than into revenue producers. So those decisions rather than to start quoting numbers if we were to take a whole bunch of lenses out of revenue we're better off looking at and it is a package of products which we will start putting color on probably in December. We're just not going to be there clearly next week. So the activity we're going through right now will shed light on that but not until then. Just one more point on that. In December we will probably be talking to the total of how we're doing with silicon hydrogel in the one-day space more so than one or the other of those two products.
Robert S. Weiss: You are correct, you heard that right, so 26% plus, but the driving factor of that change was the removal of amortization. So we really ex-the amortization it’s the 25, although we probably said 25 plus. 
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah, I think if we look at again on a fiscal quarter basis we were up 7% and we were up a lot more in the prior quarter. On a calendar basis where you don’t have that flush out period obviously it was pretty dramatic and there we had given, if I give the number in front of me, you had for the quarter a negative 3% for the industry, us coming with a positive one. And there I think if you look to the full fiscal year it's more meaningful which is 7% for the market plus that 14%. So we're still doing very good. I think the most meaningful gauge is the trailing 12 months when it comes to Asia Pac. 
Robert S. Weiss: Yeah, I think when we look at Asia-Pac we say we're doing pretty good right now with Biofinity and the Proclear one-day material. When we look at Europe we're basically saying it was good even before we add Sauflon’s family or Clariti, it was already good. So it should say and continue very good. And you are right MyDay was an important catalyst as was Biofinity and even Avaira all products are doing -- are kind of humming in Europe, against the market that's doing fair.  When it comes to the Americas we know we have the void. It's a big void. The market is shifting rapidly from two week into one day and to a lesser extent into monthly. And filling in that void is really going with a dynamic growth of the one-day which is both MyDay and Clariti. So we think we have the right answer and therefore have every reason to think we feel good about gaining market share in all three geographic areas. 
Robert S. Weiss: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. For those of you that are attending next week’s analyst meeting in New York we hope to see a lot of you there. We look forward to the presentation and as I indicated Al and I are going to speak less and you will again hear a lot more from the managers that make it happen. So we are excited about that. And for those of you not joining us in New York next week, we look forward to updating you in December when we report our year-end results. With that thank you operator.
Greg W. Matz: Yeah, the only thing in Q4 until we move the IP and have similar tax structure that we currently have with Vision, you could have some tax effect and so without -- that's the only reason why we mentioned it, so we're fine. Our guidance range for 2015 is fine.
Greg W. Matz: I'll jump in on the growth rate. So fourth quarter for total CooperVision because we're not breaking out CooperVision and Sauflon but for total CooperVision you are looking at 11% to 14% range in constant currency, excluding Aime.
Greg W. Matz: No, Joanne it's a fairly quick project and we're hoping to have done what we need to do by the end of the calendar year. So we've done this before. It's fairly straight forward, just a lot of work that goes into doing it. Obviously there is tremendous amount of works and forms and calculations that need to be done.
Greg W. Matz: Just one thing you are seeing some of the FX impact, but again if you look at, just for the year we're looking at $0.31 but even the fourth quarter you are looking at $0.17 which is about $0.06 above the guidance we gave last time.
