Brian Andrews: Thank you, Al. Good afternoon everyone. Most of my commentary will be on a non-GAAP basis, so please refer to today's earnings release for a full reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP results. Al covered revenues, so I'll focus on the rest of the financials and guidance. Consolidated gross margin for the quarter was essentially flat at 67.3% versus 67.4% last year. CooperVision's gross margin was 65.6%, down from 65.9% last year, due largely to higher secondary handling costs as we complete the distribution center upgrades that we've discussed before. CooperSurgical's gross margin increased to 72.4%, up from 71.7%, driven primarily from improvements in our fertility business where we're starting to see the progress following the completion of our genomics integration activity. Consolidated operating margin increased nicely to 28.4% from 27.8% last year, as we saw leverage from consolidated operating expenses only growing 1.3% year-over-year. Investments were very targeted in key areas, including selling and marketing, and distribution within CooperVision and selling customer service and distribution within CooperSurgical. Interest expense was $16.7 million and our effective tax rate was 8.9%, which included additional excess tax benefits received from the exercising of stock options. Non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was $3.23, with roughly 50.1 million average shares outstanding. Free cash flow was $121.3 million comprised of $196.7 million of operating cash flow offset by $75.4 million of CapEx. Net debt decreased by $122.8 million to $1.702 billion and our adjusted leverage ratio declined to 1.83 times. One last matter from this quarter was that we implemented a soft freeze on our pension plan effective August 1, 2019. Like many companies, our focus is shifting to what our employees are requesting and that's programs such as the 401(k) and our new employee stock purchase plan. This move did not impact our financials, but you'll see it in the Q, so I wanted to mention it. Moving to guidance, our pro forma revenue growth ranges are basically unchanged, while EPS is being raised. For the full year, we're now guiding consolidated revenues to $2.635 billion to $2.655 billion with the CooperVision range being $1.966 billion to $1.976 billion, which remained 7% to 8% full year pro forma growth; and CooperSurgical at $669 million to $679 million, which remains full year pro forma revenue -- pro forma growth of 4% to 6%. Full year non-GAAP EPS guidance is being raised $0.12 on the bottom end to $12.27 to $12.35. Calculating this for adjusted the fourth quarter shows CooperVision revenue guidance of $503 million to $513 million, up 6% to 8% pro forma; and CooperSurgical revenue guidance of $171 million to $181 million, up 1% to 7% pro forma; and non-GAAP EPS of $3.22 to $3.30. Note the Q4 assumption is for roughly 10.5% effective tax rate. Regarding FX, rates have moved around a lot around over the past three months, with the pound and yen making decent moves. But the ultimate impact is a minimal change from last quarter, with a fiscal year impact on revenues being a negative $67 million and a negative $0.60 to EPS. Our assumptions are based on generally current rates including the euro at $1.10, the pound at $1.22 and the yen at $1.06. Regarding fiscal 2020 guidance, it's too early to provide much detail, but at a high level we remain focused on taking share by driving strong sustainable revenue growth and posting low double-digit constant currency and operating income growth. Having said that, we remain very excited about MiSight and there could be incremental investments in that product depending on the timing around an approval from the FDA and/or from accelerating demand we’re seeing outside the United States. As is our practice, we'll provide full guidance for next year on our fourth quarter 2019 earnings call, which is set for December 5. And with that, I'll hand it back to the operator for questions.
Brian Andrews: Sure. I'll take that. Yes. So, in Q3, the impact to sales was about $13 million. So, that's about a $3 million -- that's a detriment, so $3 million better than our previous guidance. To EPS the impact was a negative $0.06, which was $0.06 better than our previous guidance.
Brian Andrews: Yes. And I guess just to add to that. I mean, we've talked about this in prior quarters around just how we kind of manage our key accounts really down to the operating margin levels. So, -- and as we continue to evolve in those relationships, I'd expect operating margins to improve. We've got some push and pull. I mean, we've got -- with rates going down even though that's great for interest expense; our pension service cost goes up. It runs counter to that. And -- but I think in general, I mean, Al's hit the nail on the head, we’re going to – we’ll expect to see some expansion. But it's -- with the thinks we're doing, especially around also distribution where we said this year it's a little bit elevated and I’d expect a little bit of leverage next year.
Brian Andrews: Not really. I mean it was -- when you look at last year, you had a couple million dollar positive and then a couple million dollar negative. So, the net impact was zero on a consolidated basis.
Al White: Yes. I think that when you look at Q4, if you kind of compare it sequentially to Q3, you'd say the Americas are going to be similar, probably a little bit stronger, I would expect, in Q4 than they were in Q3. Asia-Pac is somewhat similar, and I think EMEA puts up a better number. And you kind of touched on it there, we did see some destocking this quarter, so assuming that we don't get a rebound in that, we'll just have a regular kind of quarter for EMEA. I think they'll post a stronger number than what they posted this quarter. That pushes you somewhere to 6 being equivalent to this quarter to as high as 8 in Q4.
Al White: Yes. I think that on the tax rate side, probably 14% is the right way to think about it. I mean you're right, I do think of it in that 13% to 14% kind of range. At the end of the day, we've had some excess stock comp benefit and that's been around 1.5% for the last couple years, so that could certainly push it lower, but somewhere in that range and probably 14%, but right now it's probably the best number to go with just as a placeholder. We'll, obviously, update that in December. FX, I think right now kind of current rates is neutral to may be a little positive for next year, and we'll update that obviously in December when we get there, but right now at least we don't have anywhere near the headwind that we’ve had this year.
Al White: Yeah, Jeff. I think, it's tied more to competition than anything. Some of our competitors have put out some pretty good lenses recently. We have a significant market share in the multifocals space. We do, as you know, really, really well in that space, but there is some heightened competition there. The next real step for us is probably tied to like MyDay multifocal. I can tell you, we'll come out with that lens eventually and it's going to be received incredibly well in my opinion. It's just a matter of production on that. So I think for right now we’re probably looking at closer to kind of low-single-digit growth in multifocals where the market would be more in the upper-single digits.
Al White: Yes. On the multifocal, let me hit that one first. On MyDay multifocal, no timeline on that one yet. We have some significant demand, and not only significant but actually accelerating demand on MyDay right now and that's even with us raising price. We dropped the rebate in the U.S. We've raised price in a lot of markets, and MyDay demand is actually accelerating. So I'm not sure the multifocal is going to be out that soon. So -- but at the end of the day, that's not that detrimental to us. The multifocal market is still 4% or 5% of the overall market, so we'll update on that as soon as we can. We're bringing production lines on, and we’ll continue to bring them on next year, so the faster we can ramp up production, the faster we'll get a multifocal out there. On MiSight, yes, I mentioned in the prepared comments, I think, I’m keeping my fingers crossed. We’ll have a nice positive announcement prior to calendar year end on that product. So I think you're right on your commentary on the FDA. We’re working with them right now trying to get through that process. So, I won't comment too much more than that other than to say, fingers crossed, and yes, we are accelerating, pulling forward, if you will, activity associated with that from a pre-launch perspective. And then, we've seen really, really strong demand in MiSight outside of the U.S., and that's just been fantastic, and that's kind of accelerating also. So, we're doing a lot of work right now on understanding the market and launch activity and engaging sales professionals and so forth on that side.
Al White: Yeah. I think that you're starting to see people grab more and more and more a hold of the shift to daily silicones. I mean, for a little while you had J&J in there just a little bit and Alcon a little bit and you had us a little bit, but capacity constrained in spots. And then, we've extended our portfolio. You've seen J&J ramp up capacity of their daily SiHy's. Obviously, Alcon has some stuff going on. I mean, that's your biggest shift. So as you’re seeing wearers exit the market, a lot of those wearers are FRP wearers. They are two week or monthly wearers. The new wearers coming into the market are daily wearers, so that's a pretty significant trade-up. And then, the trade up, if you will from a traditional daily hydrogel wearer to a silicone hydrogel wearer is another 20% or so trade-up. So we've talked about this for a number of years, right? I think that its gaining traction is what it comes down to. And I think it’s going to continue to gain traction as you get capacity ramping up new products and so forth from out. I quoted that number of $2 billion that needs to be converted over. If you convert just that $2 billion over that changes to somewhere around $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion of revenue adding $400 million to $500 million of revenue to the industry. That will probably take five to 10 years. But then you also roll in the other factors, some growth in wearers around the world, the torics, the multifocals, the other stuff that's going on. And then, the general transition to more daily wearers and it's all just a lot of really good positive trends.
Al White: Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, we are focused on that. We mentioned a lot of the investment activity we're doing. We put the key account team in place, and it's a fantastic team. They're doing really, really well. We've had some very nice wins in the key account -- within the key account team. We're working on some other stuff right now that's really exciting. So I hope that, you will continue to see some stuff in the near future here, it's going to be pretty positive. I'm pretty excited about. It's going well.
Al White: Oh, yeah. I'm very confident with that. I think in my opinion right now looking at it, I mean we have the best manufacturing team in the contact lens industry and we have the best lines that are out there right now. So that Sauflon acquisition was just phenomenal for us. And linking in that technology into our real high volume technology we have, and pulling those together to standardize those lines, I think that's a true competitive advantage for us. And frankly I think you see that in our margins. You see that in the strength of the CooperVision margins that are out there. And we can't rest on our laurels there and we’re not. We have a very highly focused intense continuous improvement mentality within manufacturing. So we are really working hard to drive continuing production improvements and cost reduction. So I feel good about that on the manufacturing side.
Al White: No, no, no. It definitely is. So I would say that, I continue to believe that we can put a pretty strong growth. I talked about it in the context of the market at 4% to 6%, and we talked about ourselves taking share, we'll talk about that 6% to 8% growth. So I think we can continue to put up those numbers. I do think that the actual market growth could get stronger. I don't think that will be detrimental to us. But I do think the market growth can be stronger. You can use Alcon as an example. They come out with PRECISION1, great product they're trading up for DACP wearers and they're getting 20% or so trade up from that. I mean, that alone is going to increase them. But we're going to continue to put up our numbers in growth. So I feel pretty good about our growth and I think the market kind of is stable here to maybe even a little bit improving.
Al White: Yes. I think that our product portfolio is very strong. I mean, we have -- keep in mind, clariti has sphere toric and multifocals, so it's a full set of products. MyDay is out there right now as a sphere toric also. So, we're now in good shape. Now, we do need to expand parameter ranges, we had a base curve for instance to MyDay. So, there's a number of things we're doing to continue to expand our existing portfolio. So, we're quite ahead of a lot of people in the game right now. So, I mean competition's going to come that's part of where we are. That's the industry we live in. We have good big competitors, but we're not sitting around doing nothing that's for sure. We're expanding the portfolio, getting product out in more countries and locations, and so forth. So, we still have many years in front of us of upside from that type of activity.
Al White: Yes. Great question. Yes, on the TV ads, we have not started those back up. So, we thought about this a little bit in the past. We were running TV ads and some really heavy promotional activity in addition to kind of the social media, print media everything else that we're doing. So, we stepped back from some of that activity. As we discussed, we've kind of talked about this openly to see what the impact would be to see how closely the correlation between those advertising campaigns and our unit sales were and to really understand the -- kind of the cost/benefit of that. A lot of that activity is very expensive to do. So, we're doing exactly what we said we would do and exactly what you want to do and we have great Intel on that. I do think that you'll see us come back with some TV ads, are going to be more focused, more targeted TV ads. Because there are certain markets in the U.S. where we can target and be very successful with those TV ads. So, I think you're going to see more. We're just trying to fine tune in that. But if I do step back, I'd say PARAGARD's going about 6.5% year-to-date and I think that's a decent number. I think PARAGARD's going to grow around 6% if we just look at core unit growth from doing what we're doing well plus price gets us to around that 6% number and we can drive that number higher. We've proven we can drive that higher. It's just going to be the cost benefit of doing a lot of that activity. So, still learning, still working through it, but clearly we feel very positive about that product. And I talked for a while about a mid-single-digit grower and I would be more comfortable at this point saying, yes, mid-single-digit is, right but the upper part of that mid-single-digit is probably the most accurate.
Al White: Yes, the New Fit Data was strong this quarter, no question about it. We saw an acceleration in some areas in new fit data that excite me and specifically, when it came to new fits on the daily silicone hydrogel side. That's what I would really point to. I think this quarter we hit an all-time high in some of those metrics and one of the key metrics certainly we hit an all-time high. So that's where the market is going. Market's going to daily silicone hydrogels and that's where we're focused and that's where we're excelling. And when I see that new fit data coming through, it makes me feel really good, because it might not happen immediately, but it's going to happen. When you're getting the wearers, you're going to get the revenues associated with it.
Al White: Yeah, Larry, that's a great question. MyDay toric came into the market and it has been received so well. We had that halo effect where it brought this sphere up. And we’re in this situation where we've been increasing our manufacturing capacity so the team's doing really well there with the existing lines we have. We've ordered a number of new lines that will be coming in over time. So we're going to be growing capacity. We've taken price up in many markets around the world and we've actually -- you've seen that in the U.S. through a reduction in rebates. Having said that, MyDay demand continues to accelerate in the face of all that, so that's the great news. The challenge for us ends up being avoiding back orders and those types of problems. So we are putting stuff in place right now with respect our supply chain to ensure that we don't go into back order situations and we take care of all of our customers. And right now we're kind of playing in that fine line of ensuring we give high quality customer service, while we're ramping up production. And I think that you're going to see production come online, I don't want to get in too much detail for competitive reasons, but you're going to see production coming online in this next fiscal year and especially at the tail end. So I think we're positioned well to put up good numbers next fiscal year and then I think we're positioned frankly extremely well to really put up some good numbers in fiscal 2021 as that capacity comes on and we can expand our offerings and our parameter ranges and get back to, as I mentioned, to, Jeff, like a MyDay multifocal and so forth on the market.
Al White: Yeah. The kind of IUD market in total in the U.S. is some – it's over $1 billion, it was, I'll call it, close to kind of $1.1 billion. And you're seeing decent growth within the space. So, as IUD market, you're probably seeing around 2% to 3% unit growth, plus price. We're a little bit on the higher end of that from a unit growth perspective. As I mentioned, we haven't taken price recently, but looking at that. And then, when you look at how the non-hormonal market, because keep in mind, we have the only non-hormonal IUD product in the U.S. market. When you compare that to markets outside of the U.S., the non-hormonal penetration rates are higher than they are in the U.S. So, I think we could just do our job and get out there in the market and make sure people know the products available. The trends are in our favor there.
Al White: Yes, absolutely, no change there. No, we pulled back on that intentionally, right? We saw some destocking, which probably isn't a surprise. We were doing all that advertising and promotions and you got a little buy in from physicians and some distributor kind of activity. You get that kind of stuff, while you're doing all of that. And then you pull-back and you get a pause in the marketplace. But no, I don't have -- I'm not stepping back at all from the positive feelings I have about PARAGARD. It was just a much more profitable quarter, if you will, with the pull-back in some of that.
Al White: Yeah. I think that, the market overall probably in a little better place than it was then. But to be fair, if we get an economic slowdown, even with the shift to dailies, even with the things we've seen and all of that continuing, you can't get somebody that doesn't wear their daily lenses every day. They could always wear five days a week and wear their glasses for over the weekend or something like that, which would take the year's supply of lenses that they purchase out to make it a 15-month supply or a 14-month supply. So, it wouldn't surprise me if you saw that. Any time you move to that kind of environment people are trying to save money. Those are the kind of things that are pretty easy to do to save money on a Saturday or Sunday, you just put your glasses on. But I still think, you go to 2009 contact lens market in the middle of the recession grew 3%. I would be really surprised under any scenario to see it get down there or lower.
Al White: Yes. I'll take PARAGARD first. Yeah, I do think it could. I mean there are markets outside of the U.S. where you see hormonal or non-hormonal on equal footing. And you'll see 30%, 35% even 40% there’s several markets where you get it's kind of 50/50. So I do think there is the chance to make that happen. It just takes time and it takes effort. And we want to make sure that we do that in the most intelligent way possible. And that maximize our return. So, I think if we went out with a massive marketing program and blanketed the U.S. with television ads and so forth, we can push a PARAGARD really fast. I really do think that. And the TV ads, where we did metro New York and San Francisco, we saw some really positive responses on that. But I don't think it's going to happen that way. I think it will be more of a general trend in that direction. So, I would say with a product like that, with the margins we're getting on it, if we can get that kind of mid-single-digit 6% growth and push that up some time, we're going to be pretty happy with that, so no reason to push that further at a -- from a negative return perspective. On SiHy and daily SiHys, right now 41% of dailies SiHys are being fit in silicone. So, I think that's probably key numbers. The market right now, a little bit over half of the market is in dailies and 41% of that being in daily silicones. It gets a little confusing with the numbers. But right now, if you look at a two-week and monthly market, about 83% of that is being fit in silicone hydrogel lenses. So there's no reason daily silicones in my mind don't get up to that kind of same level. And when you look at that conversion, you're talking about another $2 billion in product. That's the big shift right there, right? Where it's to go from 41% up to the 80% level, and that 41% that I'm quoting right? Where I think it was 39% last quarter, 38% a quarter before I can't remember exactly, but somewhere around there. It continues to move up a point every quarter.
Al White: I'll answer this and certainly let Brian jump in. We can’t continue to expand operating margins. I don't see anything that's preventing us from doing that. I mean, we're going to get some leverage we're doing a lot of investment activity right now. I kind of walked through that. And that's within CooperVision and within CooperSurgical also. So, we will get some leverage in that. We're just really building out right now in anticipation of some big years going forward, because just as I touched on with the MyDay capacity expansion and so forth, we see a lot of good things in the future. So, we're kind of getting ourselves ready so to speak in front of a lot of that. So, we'll get some leverage from some of that kind of activity. And I think when you look at products like PARAGARD, that's another one that we're going to get some pretty good operating margin improvement from a product like that because that has really a high operating margins.
Al White: Yes, Steve. We bought that -- and Teva had done the price increase. Remember we talked about that, because there was kind of all the disruption in the channel and so forth as we worked through that. So, this will be the first price increase that we've done. So, we are very actively right now kind of going through and evaluating, where we stand and how the price increase rose through the P&L and when to do it. So I would expect something in the near future here in terms of price increase. We are priced below our competitors, who are in the hormonal side of that depending upon what product you look at it. I mean, it can be 15% or so kind of beneath them. There's a lot of different factors that go into that pricing. But there's certainly some room for us to take a decent increase in price and still be priced below them as one more tool kind of in the toolbox in order to be able to sell the product in addition to the fact that it's the only non-hormonal product in the market.
Al White: Thank you. Thank you for everyone who called in. I know we have our next call beginning in December, I think December 5, so I look forward to catching up with everyone. In the meantime, have a great long weekend and we'll talk soon. Thank you.
