Gene Hall: Good morning. Thanks for joining us. We continue to deliver incredible value to more than 15,000 enterprises around the world. This led to another strong performance in the third quarter. We achieved double digit growth in contract value, revenue, EBITDA and EPS. We have strong growth in all practices, all industry sectors, across every size plant and in every region. In addition, through Q3, we repurchased over a billion dollars of stock. Our clients continue to face a rapidly changing world, things like digital transformation, future of work, high inflation, shifting customer needs, supply chain disruptions, and more. Our clients know they need help on these issues. And they know Gartner is the best source of help. Through our actual objective insights we help executives and their teams across all major enterprise functions achieve their mission critical priorities. We know how to help whether our clients are thriving, struggling, or somewhere in between. With all of this demand for our services remain strong. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segments. Total research revenue grew 15%. Contract value growth was 14%. We serve executives and their teams through distinct sales channels. Global technology Sales or GTS serves leaders and their teams within IT. We help chief information officers achieve mission critical priorities, such as leading digital transformations, financing talent and challenging labor market and fueling innovation. GTS contract value group 13%. Global business sales or GBS service leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. We help leaders across these functions achieve their mission critical priorities. For example, we help HR leaders engage employees in a hybrid world, evolve organizational design with the transition to digital business, manage compensation in an inflationary environment, manage employee expectations on divisive social issues, and re-imagine the future of work. GBS contract valued grew 21%. Across GTS and GBS were driving relentless execution of proven practices, which in turn is driving our sustained results. Gartner conferences delivered valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. We continued our returns in person conferences. In October, we hosted two of our flagship conferences, IT symposium and Reimagine HR both in Orlando, Florida. Compared to 2019 attendance in IT symposium was up 12% and Reimagine HR attendance doubled. The feedback from our in person conferences has been resoundingly positive. Gartner consulting is an extension of Gartner research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper extended project based work. Consulting revenue grew 21% in the third quarter. Over the past few quarters the rapid growth of our business outpaced hiring. This quarter our associate base grew 18% year-over-year. This provides the capacity we need to serve our rapidly growing base of licensed users and positions us for sustained future growth. In closing, Gartner delivered another strong performance. We’ve caught up on hiring in our position to deliver sustained future growth. Our underlying margins are in the low 20s comfortably above pre-pandemic levels. We expect them to modestly increase over time. We’ll continue to generate significant free cash flow in excess net income and will continue to return significant levels of capital to our shareholders. With that, I’ll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. 
Gene Hall: Jeff, it’s Gene. So the 18% associated growth that talked about on the call is largely catch up hiring. If you look over the last three years or so we had very robust growth in our business. And our hiring lag behind that give you a flavor for the compound growth rate or sub contract value was about 11%. And the compound growth rate of headcount was about 5.5%. And so it lagged a lot we got behind. The good news is that we’re as of Q3, end of Q3 we are almost fully caught up. And so we expect to see not the same rate of hiring as we go into Q4 next year, we expect to normalize more which we’ve done traditionally, which is to have our headcount growth, have CV grow about five or six points higher than actual headcount growth going forward.
Gene Hall: Hey Toni, it’s Gene. So our new business was at an all time high. So just to be clear, wasn’t like it was not a good compared to business acumen for dollars was at an all time high, it was near an all time high. Secondly, the fact that it’s impacting new business the most that Craig talked about in terms of the proportion of our sales force, it is tenured versus non-tenured. Last year, we had, as Craig mentioned, the highest proportion of tenured salespeople that we have on record. This year, because of promotions and growth hiring, we had among the lowest proportion of tenured salespeople on record. And a tenured salesperson sells whole number multiples higher, more in new business than a non-tenured salesperson. The productivity accelerates rapidly during the salespersons first three years. And that’s the primary factor that impacted our business in Q3.
Gene Hall: Hey Andrew. So during the quarter, I would say was typical, with September being slightly stronger than with a little bit more acceleration during the quarter than you might normally see. But within a small range, call it overall a pretty normal quarter.
Gene Hall: So we’re focused on ending the year of double digit in a quarter bearing headcount, again, really making sure that we’re set up to roll into 2023 with full territories and a more tenured sales force etc. There can obviously be a lot of puts and takes, but what I’d say is we expect to end the year for both GTS and GBS with strong double digit quarter bearing hires growth on a year-over-year basis.
Gene Hall: So Jeff, good morning. No, not really. I think we lead with multiyear contracts as sort of the de facto standard. That’s generally what our clients want, because they’re missing critical priorities, are not bounded by a 12 month contract or something like that. And so we’ve seen real no change in the selling environment, or the selling motion around the price increase we’ve talked about earlier as well as our contracted vehicles.
Gene Hall: I think the way to think about it is that we want to make sure that our cost of sale, if you will, so sales cost as a percent of CV or percent of revenue remain roughly fixed. And we believe we can do that by having CV growth at whatever that is or whatever we deliver, and toggling the amount of headcount growth so that we keep our cost of sale roughly fixed. If CV is growing 20% then yes, we would grow headcount yes close to 15%. Is CV we’re growing 10% we would probably, we would toggle down the growth investment to again, lock in, roughly lock in that overall cost of sale. And so this is a pivot we made in the second half of 2019 as we shifted to really wanted to make sure that we got returns on the investments we’re making, and managed the sales portion of our overall margin. I think the one difference that you point to, which is the gap between CV growth and headcount growth is really just driven by what we’re seeing from a wage inflation perspective. And so when it was three to four point gap, that’s because that that’s what we were seeing from wage inflation perspective. Now, we’re obviously seeing a little bit greater. So we’re just dialing that into our growth algorithm to make sure that we account for it.
Gene Hall: Yes, absolutely. So the SG&A comment is more of a near term comment. So as we are catching up on the hiring and you get [Audio Gap] just think about high teens growth we’re seeing in both GTS and GBS. Obviously, that rolls into next year, because we, the hiring was really concentrated in the back half of the year. And so that will put pressure on the cost of sale and margin as designed into 2023. So it’s more of a near term comment. In terms of the other things we’re seeing again, we talked about the growing sales force a little bit, or growing to be a little bit faster than we’re growing the sales force, etc. That is more in a steady state, obviously, 2022 as we indicated at the beginning of the year, and we have indicated each quarter, as we move through the year, there was a lot of catch up happening in 2022. And that obviously impacts 2023. We believe, again, that the underlying margins for the business are in the low 20s. And that through the combination of the investments we’re making, the size of the market opportunity opportunities in productivity, etc, that we can grow the business, the top line at double digit growth rates, and modestly expand margins from that underlying margin in the low 20s.
Gene Hall: But again, if you look at where the highest wage inflation is, it’s in countries where inflation is very high. like Turkey, for example, but a small sales force in Turkey and wage inflation is higher there than it is in, like the U.S., for example. And there’s other countries around the world. So places where it’s the highest or in the countries where overall inflation rates are higher. 
Gene Hall: No, Stephanie I wouldn’t think about it that way. Yes, I would think about the catch up hiring we’re doing is basically really to fulfill all the growth that will be sold in 2021 and 2022. And make sure that we can serve and grow that going forward. The pricing is really there as an offset to the wage inflation. So we as Gene mentioned earlier we fell behind in hiring. He talked about, the fact that our CV over the last three years, has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 11% and our headcount only grown at a compound annual growth rate of 5%. And we had some catching up to do, again, to make sure that we can really provide amazing service to our clients, and then grow them over time as well. And so that’s the way we’re thinking about the catch up hiring. The price increase is really just to offset wage inflation.
Gene Hall: Hey Stephanie so we could we invest across our business and the economics and cap and the bars and stuff we’ve talked about includes those investments. We do a lot of investment in business. We have invested in new internal systems, things like billings so that we can build up best faster and collect faster so our cash flow is higher. And it’s also easier for our sales force to generate orders and bills, things like that. We constantly invest in new product features. We have a wide variety of products that are tailored for specific roles. And we constantly improve those product offerings to provide continuously more value to our clients, which can help strengthen retention rates and growth in your business over time. And so we are continuing to invest in those kinds of areas in our business to make sure we support future growth. With all those investments are embedded in the normalized margins that Craig referred to.
Gene Hall: To summarize today’s call for the third quarter we’d really another strong performance across the business, achieve double digit growth in contract value revenue EBITDA and EPS with strong growth in all practices, all industry sectors across every size client and in every region. We’ve caught up on hiring and a position to deliver sustained future growth. Our underlying margins are in the low 20s comfortably above pre-pandemic levels, and we expect them to modestly increase over time. We’ll continue to generate significant free cash flow and excess net income. We will continue to return significant levels of capital to our shareholders. Thanks for joining today and I look forward to updating you again in the new year.
Craig Safian: Jeff, good morning. It’s Craig. Just a couple of points and then Gene will fill in any blanks. So as Gene mentioned, we did fall behind in terms of our headcount hiring across the business, but probably most notably in GTS over the course of 2021, especially as that segments, CV really accelerated. And so a lot of what we were doing, starting in the first three quarter of ‘21, and through the first three quarters of this year is catching up and filling open territories. And the open territory challenge and opportunity was a little exacerbated by the accelerated growth. And we had to promote more people than we normally do, as we’ve talked about in previous quarters at the beginning of the year which put even more of an emphasis on making sure that we were recruiting and growing our primary hire face. And so to think about it, and again, we talked about this when we did our initial guide for the year as well, which was last year, we had the benefit of the most, the highest proportion of tenured sellers that we’ve ever had, obviously, this year is reversed. And as we roll into next year, we expect it to be more “normal” like we’ve seen historically. And so the all those dynamics are at play as well and again, as you think about Gene’s comment earlier on, we’re catching up, but we’re also making sure that we are seeding the ground with investments so that we can sustain our double digit growth into the future. 
Craig Safian: Good morning, Toni. Thanks for the question. So, it’s been great to return to in person conferences. And as we’ve said the past few quarters and Gene referenced some large October conferences as well. We’ve had exhibitors and attendees really enthusiastically returned, which is awesome. And the conferences are hugely valuable to everyone who goes and its super valuable to the entire Gartner franchise. As we look towards 2023 and again, we’ll give guidance in February around the full calendar of ‘23 conferences, etc. We’re not going to be anywhere near the 70 conferences, destination conferences that we delivered in 2019. We are carefully building back up. Our goal over the long term is to have a conference for every major function that we cover in every major geography in which we do business. But we can’t just snap our fingers and be there. It takes time to build those up and to re-launch that. And so we are taking a measured approach to doing that. We’re going to be as aggressive as we can, but we’re going to be nowhere near the 70 conferences that we ran in 2019 pre-pandemic.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Andrew. It’s Craig. Yes, so we’re obviously orders of magnitude lower than 2019 by design, and that’s the way we’re going to run it going forward. I would say Q3 is almost back to where we think the new normal should be. So Q3 and Q4 will be pretty close to the new normal. But also recognizing that as we roll out more conferences, as we travel to see our global teams, etc there might be a little bit more lift in the travel number, but not order of magnitude lift. We feel pretty good about where we are, again, there’s probably a little bit more uplift that we’ll see in travel rolling into next year, but Q3 and Q4 are roughly indicative of what we expect moving forward.
Craig Safian: Good morning Seth it’s Craig. So I agree with your assertion on the pricing. So rolling into this year, we were a little bit more aggressive than we normally have been. So we’ve typically been in the 3% to 4% range this year thinking the five-ish to 6% range, in terms of overall price increase, similar rolling into next year. Price increase actually went effective today for most of our clients and sellers around the world. And we haven’t seen much friction or pushback from clients on that. Obviously, it is a more inflationary environment. Our costs are going up roughly in that range and we’re roughly pricing to offset that. In terms of the multiyear comment I think our sales teams do a fantastic job of articulating the value that we can deliver over the short term, over the medium term and over the long term. And they’ve done a fantastic job of continuing to get our clients to sign up for multiyear contracts. So we haven’t really seen a step back in that from clients either.
Craig Safian: No, I wouldn’t read anything into it. I’d say on a year-to-day basis, we’re over a billion dollars in share repurchases over the last seven quarters, it’s 2.6-ish billion dollars of share repurchases, it remains our primary use of capital going forward and we’ll bump up or bump down from time to time from quarter to quarter. But over the long over the last seven quarters, we’ve obviously returned a lot of capital to shareholders through our repurchase programs. And moving forward, we expect return a lot of capital for our shareholders or repurchase programs.
Craig Safian: Yes, absolutely. And Gene feel free to fill in any blanks here as well. So as Gene mentioned in his prepared remarks and as we have been saying, for the last couple of quarters, we now believe the underlying metrics, the underlying margin of the business is in the low 20s, which is obviously comfortably and well above pre-pandemic levels of EBITDA margins. I think there are a number of factors that have allowed us to increase that outlook as we’ve gotten comfortable with the way the business is running and the way we’re running the business. Most notably, I would say, is one as Gene mentioned, we’re going to grow our CV base about four to five or five to six points faster than we grow our quarter bearing hires. That allows us to essentially fix our cost of sale, if you will, or not dilute our margins through cost of sale. We can get gross margin leverage just by virtue of research being our biggest and most profitable segment and we can get a little G&A leverage as well going forward. On top of that with GBS we were starting to see or we’re seeing returns on the investments that we made in 2017 and 2018. And we now have much more scale in that business. There is still a lot of scale to be gained in GBS but obviously, we’re orders of magnitude higher in our contract values, and we were pre-pandemic. And so again and then there are other things like real estate and travel, where we just gotten smarter around the way we run our business, which have also helped us to raise our expectation on what the underlying margins of the business are. Clearly we’ve done a lot of hiring through the course of 2022, as Gene mentioned, and we’ve said multiple times, most of that was catch up hiring from all the growth we delivered in 2021 and 2022. Obviously, those costs roll into ‘23, which is why we’re stating and sticking to the fact that our underlying margins are in the low 20s. And that we can grow our business at double digit growth rates moving forward, and we can modestly improve those margins over time as well.
Craig Safian: We haven’t changed our pricing on multiyear approach, or multiyear contracts, the pricing approach has remained the same.
Craig Safian: And we saw, and it was broad, based across Europe and North America from an industry and size perspective. So there’s really nothing to point to in terms of softness. It’s the average growth for GTS and overall for GTS is around 13%, and overall, around 14%. And when you peel back the onion, it’s pretty close to that at lower levels, whether you live regionally industry, by size, etc.
