Eugene A. Hall: Hi, Jeff. Thanks, great question. As you have noted appropriately we are approaching that 70% incremental gross margin target that we have for research. We believe it’s really important that we continue to invest in the right analysts, the right executive partners and other service delivery people, and that is reflected in that target of 70%. And so there is nothing new that I would discuss in terms of that 70% but we just believe to continue to maintain the right level of retention rates, the right level of client engagement and the right level of support for our growth. That 70% is still that appropriate target.
Eugene A. Hall: And it’s Gene on the second part of your question we expect, if our sales force headcount growth stays in the 15% to 20% range which is what we expect and our productivity is higher we expect we will start to see our CV growth accelerate over time.
Eugene A. Hall: So, as always Jeff we are constantly looking at our portfolio and moving stuff around based on the calendar, adding events, trimming events, moving events. So we are three lower in Q3 than what we did last year. Some of them moved into -- one of them moved into Q2, a couple of them moved out into Q4. We have added a few, we have trimmed a few. So it’s our general trimming practice, our general portfolio management practice around the event portfolio.
Eugene A. Hall: Hey, Tim it’s Gene. So there is a no change in the public sector globally and so it’s exactly the same as it’s has been for last 18 months or so.
Eugene A. Hall: It's two things. First, the content developed by our analysts. We aim to have it better every year and it is particularly engaging to our clients and prospects and so we got great content. The second piece is that we have great operational execution with our events team. They're doing a just a tremendous job ranging from the event marketing, meaning marketing the content to prospects to actually great execution on-site. So it's a combination of both, terrific fundamental research by our analysts and great execution by our events teams is what’s -- again we've see fabulous execution on these two fronts reflect in our events performance. We had great double-digit growth over the last three years or so and it's a modest acceleration but I think it's you can think about as being those two things.
Eugene A. Hall: Good morning. How are you? On the sales force productivity, the way I’d characterize it is if you look at both Q2 standalone, in Q2 standalone we are roughly flat to last year from a productivity perspective. If you look at the first half standalone we're actually up nicely compared to first half of last year and if you look at the rolling 12 quarter, rolling four quarter metric we’re roughly flat to where we were when we ended the year last year. And so we're pretty pleased with where we are on a productivity perspective, particularly when looking at the first half performance compared to first half of last year. In terms of your question on the mix, our belief when you look at that market opportunity is that it is enormous and it isn't both existing enterprises and enterprises that currently don't do business with us. And as we deploy our new sales people and create new sales territory we're going after both of those opportunities with gusto and with force. So I don't expect the mix to change significantly overtime because the opportunity is just so enormous in both pockets.
Eugene A. Hall: Sure. In terms of leverage I mean you laid out the case for why we can take on leverage. We're growing well, great cash flow generation, predictable revenues free cash flow well in excess of net income. And so we have the profile where we can take on more leverage and obviously taking on two to three times leverage is not something that we would be too afraid about doing. It actually is fairly comfortable and given our cash flow profile we could, if needed to be pay that down relatively quickly.  As we continue to look at the future in terms of capital deployment we are still focused on acquisitions as a great strategic way to deploy capital and quite in fact our acquisition pipeline is as robust as it's ever been since I have been at Gartner and we continue to look at lots of opportunities there, both small, medium and large size type acquisitions. And then additionally we believe we can continue to do that and also look at returning capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program.  So the net is, from an optimal leverage perspective, probably two to three times as optimal and again as we continue to look at the acquisition pipeline and acquisition opportunity market and a combination of share repurchases we move to that over time. For now we continue to look for acquisitions and we continue to return capital to shareholders.
Eugene A. Hall: Hey it's Gene. So there is two changes we have made. First we have done a number of improvements to our recruiting process to make sure that we are identifying people that are mostly likely to be successful at Gartner and that's the first thing. So we are better hiring people that are really good fit and obviously they will do better, we’ll have better sales productivity.  The second thing we have done is we have completely revamped our training programs for our new sales hires. And those training programs also -- you have the right people and then you got great development and they are going to be successful. And those are the two pieces of it. As we look to kind of the forward-looking metrics like time to first sale and stuff like that we see that the people we have been hiring in to these new programs are doing measurably better than we have done in the past.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah, Joseph the simple way and if you go back to what we showed at investor day I think that was the simplest way to kind of model it, which is looking at average productivity and the growth in the number of sales people. When we are growing at roughly call 15%, 16% per year on the sales force headcount growth and we are doing that consistently, the mix of new hires looks roughly the same year-over-year from a proportional perspective.  And so I think the way to think about modeling CV growth is what's the pace of sales force capacity growth and then what is your assumption of average productivity and then the math should be relatively simple. But baked into that obviously it's more complicated than that, with new hires and new hire productivity but again proportionately we are roughly the same. So I was just trying to look at it from an average perspective.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it’s Gene. I don't think there is material movement. The global economy different parts are marginally better or marginally worse. I think our demand has really been driven by what's going on in the technology world where technology have an accelerating impact on businesses and that's really what's driving it. If you look at across the world first is that the aggregate macroeconomic situation hasn't changed materially. But we do really well in some economies where the GDP is shrinking and it's because the companies and people sector institutions see how technology is affecting them.
Eugene A. Hall: Sure, from a research revenue perspective for the quarter it was less than a two point impact on the growth rate related to Software Advice and the other two were immaterial on the quarter. And from a total revenue perspective it was around a one point impact on total revenue for the quarter and from an earnings perspective, roughly immaterial. 
Eugene A. Hall: So it's a great business and we expect it to perform kind of at the rate annually that we built into our guidance there. As Craig mentioned some of the deals came in earlier in the year. So we expected a great year but some of them came earlier in the year than we expected. It’s kind of as simple as that. 
Eugene A. Hall: So as we said, our goal is to grow 15% to 20%. We were at 16% first quarter, 15% second quarter. So will probably be to the lower to middle point of the range for the full year. 
Eugene A. Hall: Hey, Andre, it's Gene. So our sales force is -- if you look at between -- I don't have the exact numbers but you can think about it as Americas is little less than half. Europe is something like a third and the rest is in Asia. And we're kind growing it, there's pockets we are growing a little faster or little slower but all of them are growing at pretty good double-digit rates. So I wouldn't -- there is no kind of distinguishing factor there. Thing that really distinguishes more is in a more micro level where we think we’ve got a manager, who is at a point of their career where they can handle faster growth or slower growth as opposed to it’s based on the big geographies or something like that. It’s really based on the tactics of where individual managers are in their career developments. 
Eugene A. Hall: As you may recall we have products from -- in the IT world everyone from a CIO all the way down in the line, we had those for a few years and the mix really is very consistent. So we're selling to CIOs. We're selling to the guy [inaudible] and we are selling to guys in front of them and then we are selling to the front line IT folks as well. And so there is no material change in the last few years in terms of that mix. 
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. Software Advice is a great business and it’s performing so far according to our expectation. So it's been kind of right in line with what we expected, which is terrific.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So, I would take it as noise as opposed to anything meaningful. We have certain classes of, when we hire people, in some situation we hire classes of people and that can make for a little bit of swing from time to time. And so I wouldn't -- there is -- it's really noise. In terms of our ability to hire people actually, it's great. We are a place that professional sales people want to be at. It's a very hot -- we are [well in] company, hot area and we don't have any trouble finding people and as I mentioned despite the fact the economy is growing as you are saying and on the hiring, the job market is hotter. Our actual -- we our retaining of sales people is actually getting better.  So our average retention of sales people is improving even in an environment where the job market is increasingly hot. So we don't have any trouble around hiring great sales people.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it's predominantly timing of events and also timing of contract optimization and so those two trends that we are seeing coupled with the fact that it is historically a very small quarter is causing that swing.
Eugene A. Hall: That's a good question Ryan. So two things I’ll tell you, one is that the contract optimization business, very little of it actually ends up in backlog. And so the transactions on contract optimization typically book and recognize revenue when those deals that we advise on are actually closed. The point on backlog though is underlying our labor base consulting business has performed pretty strongly. As I mentioned up 6% year-over-year in the second quarter and based on the backlog and based on the number of managing partners, and based on the pipeline, we believe that trend will roughly continue on the labor base business for the balance of the year.  So we got some nice strength on labor base. Contract optimization as Gene mentioned is performing really, really well. We just saw more of the revenue and deals happen in the first half of the year.
Eugene A. Hall: Hi Jeff, it's Gene. So I would take again as noise as opposed to -- there is no strategy for reduce the number of consultants or anything like that. Overtime as the demand for consulting shifts you have to shift the mix of people a little bit that it’s just has to be with mix of specific skills. We are quite, as Craig said early we are quite optimistic about the business and did not aim to have fewer people, it’s just kind of where we wound up with the change in mix we talked about. 
Craig Safian: Hey, Jeff. So as we said in the beginning of the year with our headcount growth and flat productivity to 2013 we expected our CV growth to accelerate from what we delivered in 2012, up into the 13% to 14% range. We still believe that is absolutely what is going to happen in 2014. In fact you have seen that in the first two quarters of the year we accelerated from the 12% we delivered in Q4 of 2013 up to 13% in both Q1 and Q2. 
Craig Safian: No, I think, you have got it right, Peter. I think it’s driven largely by mix. We have had stronger consulting performance then we have had in the past and the margins have been roughly flattish for the last several quarters so pretty consistent with that.
Craig Safian: So as we have thought about it and looked at it the key to continuing to improve margins is improving sales productivity and getting contract value growth in the 14%, 15%,16% range and so as we continue to drive our productivity we do believe that margin expansion will follow that.
Craig Safian: You know Peter as we talked about at the beginning of the year, when we put the $800 million program in place we would look to run through that in a two-year period which is about 2x the rate of what we have done previously. So we are still comfortable maintaining doing at least $400 million this year and that would leave another $400 million for next year. And so we are committed to running though the $800 million program over the next two years.
Craig Safian: For the full year Tim, we're looking at $29 million to $30 million and that's a combination of the amortization of the acquisition intangibles, professional fees associated with doing each of those acquisitions and the ratable expensing of the hold back on the Software Advice transaction.
Craig Safian: Hey Bill. I think in terms of guidance, what we said in the prepared remarks, is it's pretty immature to really look at raising it significantly. So we're halfway through the year. As I mentioned we have -- fourth quarter is historically our largest quarter and where we sit today, everything looks pretty good as we discussed but we're still early in the year and not ready to raise anything.  On the contract optimization side, as Gene discussed, it really is a timing thing and so we have the same expectation that we had entering the year for the revenues that will be generated by contract optimization. For the full year, we just have seen more transactions or transactions that we had expected in the second half of the year coming in the first half of the year and that's driving the timing there.
Craig Safian: Yeah, the only think I’d caution a little bit is we’ve only had -- we did not have Software Advice for the full first quarter. It was only on stream for about three weeks in Q1 and then a full Q2. Last quarter when we updated our guidance we did update it on the research side by about $20 million on the low and high end and that was done to account for having Software Advice for nine and two-third months of the year.
Craig Safian: No, so no change in the strategy, no change in the overall environment. I think just that as a company we’ve got a much more honed approach to what we're looking at. And therefore we're looking at and seeing more things than we’ve seen in the past and there are a lot more exciting opportunities out there than we seen in anytime on the past several years. 
Craig Safian: And Jeff, the good news there also is that the billable headcount actually includes the managing partners in it. So that's all-in number. And then the other thing I mentioned is, what it implies or actually more than implies is that those 505 people billable heads were much more productive than what we seen in the past as well. So we're driving utilization up as well. 
Craig Safian: No. I'll tackle the second one first. So the $0.37 to $0.39 is excluding acquisition integration charges number, and then we expect about $0.06 of acquisition integration charges in the quarter.  On the productivity side, again what I’d say is what I said mentioned earlier in the call during the Q&A, on a first half standalone we're up nicely year-over-year in terms of productivity. On a Q2 standalone we're roughly flat to last year on productivity and on a rolling four quarter basis we're roughly flat to where we were at the end of the year. 
