Eugene Hall: Good morning everyone. Welcome to our first earnings call for 2012. We had a great first quarter and our business is performing extraordinarily well. We continue to experience the strong growth trends we saw in 2011 and our business accelerated in all three segments. As you’ll hear in more detail from Chris, Gartner is in the strongest position we’ve ever been. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, continues to grow at double-digit growth rates. Consulting had its strongest quarter in years and events continued to exceed our long-term growth targets. Normalized EBITDA was up 11% and diluted earnings per share was up 24% over first quarter 2011. These results demonstrate the strength achieved through successful execution of our consistent strategy. Our sales capabilities were the strongest we’ve ever had. The productivity of our new hires is on a great trajectory and we’re bringing in strong talent. We continue to invest in our sales force and benefit from great sales leadership.  I recently spent several days at a meeting with several hundred of our top performing sales associates. They are excited about Gartner. They know we deliver a huge value to our clients and they also know the importance and relevance of our insights within our client organizations is growing. Why? Because IT is one of the most important drivers of growth and competitive advantage for virtually every institution in the world, and IT is complex and continuously evolving. Whether an organization is looking to leverage technology to achieve rapid growth or whether they are looking to manage costs, Gartner is the best resource these professionals can turn to for help, and our assistance often makes the difference between success and failure for our clients. Because of this, we benefit from a vast untapped market opportunity for our services which, as I stated before, we estimate at $47 billion.  There are hundreds of thousands of IT and supply chain professionals who could potentially be Gartner clients but had never been educated on the value we can provide. The same is true of our events business, which continues to deliver extraordinary performance.  We have the right strategy to capture this opportunity. As some of you know, the fundamentals of our strategy are to create extraordinary research insights, to build strong sales capability, to deliver high value differentiated offerings, to provide world-class service, and to continually improve our operational effectiveness. This consistent strategy is driving our growth and will allow us to maintain sustained double-digit growth over time. I remain confident in and excited about our prospects for sustained accelerated growth. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition and we have a successful and attractive business model.  We delivered another successive quarter of strong growth and we’re well poised to achieve strong results in 2012 and beyond. As you’ll hear from Chris in a minute, we demonstrated growth across all three of our business segments as well as in normalized EBITDA and diluted EPS. Our business model is attractive with high renewal rates, great cash flow, and incremental margins, and we have the right strategy to achieve our goals. Finally, we’re well positioned to achieve our long-term targets with the leading brand in IT and supply chain research, a strong value proposition for our clients, great operational capabilities, and a vast untapped market opportunity. With that, I’ll hand the call over to Chris so he can comment in detail on our performance.
Eugene Hall: Hey, it’s Gene. No, there was no market factor. What happened basically was we have a terrific recruiting team, built a pipeline of people. We had a very strong pipeline in Q4. We just closed people more. We hired more people in Q4 from that pipeline that we expected we were going to hire in Q1, so I think basically it’s just we hired a little ahead of where we thought we would be in the pipeline. So there’s no reason, and I think, again as Chris, we fully expect our sales force growth this year to be again in the 15 to 20% range. We were just fortunate enough to be a little ahead.
Eugene Hall: So actually on productivity, we take our productivity and disaggregate it between experienced people and new people, and what we’re seeing basically is that in our experienced people, the productivity is doing great and actually we’ve been seeing with each class of new hires we’ve been hiring that in fact the productivity has been increasing over time. But obviously if you have more of those new hires who in their first year, as I mentioned, have lower productivity, that can take the overall number—it dilutes the overall number a little bit, as you pointed out.
Eugene Hall: That’s a great question, Robert. Yeah, I was at an event with several hundred of our top salespeople, so it was a great opportunity to kind of network and understand their perspective on how we’re doing. They had an incredible level of enthusiasm, as you can imagine, because of the kind of unlimited market opportunity that we have and the great market position we have, so it’s always interesting to go and talk to them.  We have a strategy of continuing to add tools to our sales force over time, as you pointed out, to help improve the productivity of our salespeople over time. We solicit their input all the time as a part of developing that, as so as you point out, they always have some ideas about how to improve those tools, not just for this particular forum but we do it on a systematic basis as well. But you know, they have great tools as it is. It’s those things that kind of add another 5% in terms of the tool capability as opposed to there’s a big gaping hole somewhere, something like that. And again, we get input there but we do it actually in a more systematic fashion with focus groups and work analysis and stuff like that as well. But they have a great set of tools.
Eugene Hall: It’s a great question. So our consulting business, we’ve worked hard over the last couple of years to really get the right strategy in place, and as you pointed out, a big part of that strategy is building a cadre of managing partners. In addition to that, it involves focusing our service lines on the areas that have the highest demand, and both those strategies have been working extraordinarily well as we’ve gotten them in place. In terms of the actual numbers, I’ll let Chris answer that.
Christopher Lafond: No. Peter, I think the only other thing I would add to that, as you know, we track and monitor sales productivity consistently, and so as we add sales resources, we do it with a knowledge that they are coming up to speed. The new hires are coming up to speed nicely for us. We feel really good about sales productivity, and so we’re not looking for one quarter as vindication for a certain strategy of continuing to hire. We think that over the long term, we are going to be seeing continued growth in our sales force because all of the metrics say that as we do that, what Gene just laid out will continue to materialize. We’ll continue to see them come up to speed, and over that period of time as they get up to speed, we’ll see that revenue growth and contract value growth ramp. So we’re very, very confident in the guidance that we give and our ability to drive that research business in the 15 to 20% range as we continue executing the strategy.
Christopher Lafond: Well, we’ve given guidance already, Peter, on the revenue line, and so obviously as we’ve talked about at the fourth quarter last year, the 2012 revenue growth is a function of the contract value we delivered in 2011, and so that’s why we’ve given the guidance we’ve given for this year – because for the most part, the growth in contract value this year, as you know, tends to be more towards the back end of the year, which will really affect 2013. So we don’t give guidance on contract value growth, but we give revenue growth and so as Gene said, we will expect over time to certainly see it ramping as the sales force gets up to speed as continue hiring at the pace we’re hiring.
Christopher Lafond: Well, what we’ve said over time is we expect to be in the 15 to 20% range. As we talked about at the end of last year, we saw a great quality of candidates that came in. We hired a little bit ahead and really filled some of the open positions that we had hoped to hire early in Q1 of 2012, at the end of 2011. So actually, we’re in a much better position starting this year and getting people up to speed early in the year, so hopefully we’ll have a stronger back half of the year with more people early on. So I still expect us to be in the 15 to 20% range, and that’s where we would expect to be over time.
Christopher Lafond: No, not at all. I think that as we talked about at the end of last quarter, we certainly hired pretty aggressively the sales force. We knew that would impact Q1 in terms of we had a lot more people on board in sales in Q1 than we did at the prior year. We still feel very comfortable over time to drive that margin up at the 50 to 150 basis points per year, and as we’ve talked about many times, getting that into the mid-20s is exactly where we still expect to be able to drive the business. 
Christopher Lafond: Hey Bill, it’s Chris. No, we don’t—we’ve not broken that out. We don’t break out growth by geography. What I will tell you is if you look across all three businesses, our events are doing great in Europe. Consulting is actually particularly strong in Europe and we’ve got great backlog growth there, and when you look at research and the CV growth year-over-year, it is extremely balanced, including across the various parts of the world, and Europe continuing to grow double digit as well. So we’ve seen great growth in all three of our segments in Europe.
Christopher Lafond: Yeah, hey Rob. It’s Chris. What I would tell you is we’ve increased roughly 10% probably in the MP ranks, so as we’ve talked about over time, this is a multi-year investment. We’ve been making that investment while delivering continued great improvements in that business, improving and expanding margins. So we’re now getting close to 80 managing partners in that business, and we still have some more to go there to fully cover, but we feel really good about the progress.
Christopher Lafond: I would say the non-sales related costs effectively are probably growing in the 3ish to 4%-ish range. You know, most of the G&A functions we’re managing and are growing more in that range. We certainly have a few investments in HR to support the growth in other areas, so we have a couple of pockets of places that are probably growing a little faster than that, but the vast majority of the year-over-year growth in the SG&A line is really coming from the continued investment in our sales force.
Christopher Lafond: There is a seasonal dynamic. If you look at past years, you’ll see that oftentimes there’s a little bit of a dip in Q1. As you know, Q1 tends to be our lowest quarter of new business and new enterprise growth, and it tends to be more focused on retention as we go through the year and then we have a lot more new enterprises and new businesses coming in towards the back half of the year. So it is a normal kind of seasonal pattern. As you look year-over-year, we’re still penetrating new organizations, adding new enterprises, so we feel very comfortable with what we’re seeing in terms of our ability to continue to grow the business and penetrate new clients.
Christopher Lafond: It’s relatively balanced. It goes anywhere from probably 22 to 23% in our smallest quarter up to 26, 27%. So every quarter, you’re seeing close to 25% of our business come up for renewal, so you’re getting a good picture of renewal activity with our retention rates every quarter.
Christopher Lafond: No, we’re not seeing any changes, as I talked about. We were modestly above where we expected to be in Q1 primarily because of stronger performances in both consulting and events, and at this point given where we are, we’re not expecting any changes to our full-year guidance. We have some hiring a little below our original expectations. We certainly expect that to pick back up and hire to the levels of the demand we’re seeing and the revenue; so as you noticed, for example, consulting headcount was down slightly. Our plan is for that to grow as we continue to see growth in backlog, so you’ll continue to see expense there. So we right now don’t see any changes to full year and where we expect to be.
Christopher Lafond: Hey Kelly, it’s Chris. A couple things I would say – first is our overall mix of business is roughly equates to the overall economy. So when you look at our business mix, we’re not really overweight or underweight in various industries. We’re really balance in terms of how the overall economy looks, and that’s how you should think about our business. So we don’t necessarily break out individual industries by percentage, but in general we are not dramatically different than the overall economy, so that’s one point. The second point is when you look at our contract value growth, no matter how you slice it and dice it, even by industry, almost every industry sector has double-digit growth. There’s a couple that are high single digit, so we’re very balanced. Everything is growing nicely around the world, including financial services, including public sector. So everything we look at from an industry perspective, I wouldn’t point out pockets that are exceptionally strong and I don’t need to point out pockets that are exceptionally weak, because everything is pretty well balanced, to be honest.
Christopher Lafond: It’s a great question. Obviously we don’t give contract value guidance, but what we’ve talked about and what we continue to say is that we are adding sales capacity in the 15 to 20% range. As Gene talked about, it takes some time for them to get up to speed. As they get up to speed, we certainly expect that our growth will continue to accelerate over time. So we didn’t make any specific statements about it being in 2013 or certain periods of time because we don’t give that guidance, but we certainly do expect continued growth and continued acceleration with the hiring we’re doing.
Christopher Lafond: You know, as we’ve talked about, Dan, over time, keeping to consistently around 70% has been our objective. There are certainly opportunities as we continue to execute our strategy to maybe bring that up a bit, but we certainly target to stay at 70 and slightly above that, and if we can stay there we feel very comfortable that we can keep delivering on that 40% margin. So ultimately, getting to 40% consistently requires us to stay around that 70% number consistently, so that’s what we’re trying to drive to.Dan Leben – Robert W. Baird: Great, thanks guys.
Christopher Lafond: Hey Brian, it’s Chris. What I would say is it’s noise around the edges when we look at it; so as I said, we do have some things high single digit, we have some things that are certainly higher double digit. So it’s no different than usual. Every time we look at our results, every quarter, there’s things that move around a little bit plus or minus, so when we looked at the trend lines, we didn’t see anything here that jumped out at us as worth kind of describing, either as a high or a low point. So for us, we think it’s trending exactly as we’ve seen over the last few quarters with extremely balanced, and I wouldn’t say anything dramatically accelerated and nothing dramatically decelerated. We feel very comfortable where everything is right now.
Christopher Lafond: As I said, we’re not going to go into the details of that, Brian. I think at this point, as I said, we feel really comfortable there’s no change in trend. We feel really good about the balanced perspective we have, and there’s nothing there that I think warrants highlighting.
Christopher Lafond: No, absolutely not. Again, we do track exactly who is leaving. We do exit interviews with the vast majority as well to understand why they are leaving in detail, and we use that to feed that back into the organization for both recruiting and how we manage. There’s no change at all, basically, in terms of why people leave.
