Christopher J. Lafond: Peter, it's Chris. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we're only 3 months into the year. And if you look at our performance, we feel very confident with what we're seeing across our business. I would note a couple of things. We had expected to see acceleration in our Research business. And so we're tracking right where we had hoped at this point in the year. Our Events business is tracking, probably, marginally better than we thought, but it's still early in the year and a lot of our big events have not happened. Q1 is obviously a light Events quarter. And in Consulting, our business was primarily driven by Contract Optimization. As we've talked about many times, that business tends to be somewhat lumpy quarter-to-quarter. So we still expect that business to remain in that $30 million to $40 million range that we talked about for the full year. So as we sit here today, we still feel very comfortable with the guidance we gave and that's why the guidance is what it is at this point in the year.
Christopher J. Lafond: Peter, with regard to valuation, as you know, we have been extremely selective and thoughtful with regard to executing acquisitions over the years. Software Advice is no different. Valuation has always been extremely important to us in terms of when we choose to do deals. So we are very thoughtful about doing things at the right valuation. And that will drive shareholder value. And again, we believe that's the case here. If you look at the valuation that we paid, we feel it's absolutely in line with what we're seeing in the marketplace today for similar assets and it's an extremely reasonable valuation. And we are very happy with the acquisition.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, just on SG&A, that the increases I talked about a few minutes ago, is driven by the continued increase in our sales force. Our sales headcount is up 16% year-over-year. G&A is actually down as a percent of revenue. And so we continue to really tightly manage G&A cost. And so G&A continues to come down as a percent of revenue. So the driver of our SG&A cost is our continued investment in the sales force.
Christopher J. Lafond: Tim, it's Chris. No we still believe 70% is the right number on a full year basis. There is some seasonality to our margin in that segment. In particular, fourth quarter tends to be lowest, first quarter tends to be highest. And that's because, in the fourth quarter, our analysts are traveling to symposiums, doing a lot of client meetings as we close up the year to close deals. So we would expect it to be a little higher to begin the year, little lower at the end of the year, and still be right around that 70% number. So we don't have any thought today that 70% is still not the right place to be for that segment.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, so just a couple of things on that. The investments we're making are kind of across the business. So as you would imagine, in a smaller company like Software Advice, as much as we like the business and it's a very well-run business, in order to scale it, we believe we have to make investments in their technology platforms, in their operations of the business. So there's number of places we're going to make some investments to make sure that we can scale that business over the long term and grow it geographically as well. In addition, from a margin perspective, we fully expect that this will be a nice positive contributor to our business. And over the long term, it's going to be a really nice margin enhancement to the overall company.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, so we had 4 events moved, 3 of them have already been held in the month of April. Those 3 events, as I mentioned, were very large, relatively large mature events, so they had a pretty significant impact in the Q1 2013 results. And since we've held them now, we saw similar great performance. In fact, as I said, those same 3 events, just those 3 were up about 40%. So from a same-events perspective, really strong performance on the 3 we've held.
Christopher J. Lafond: Great, Gary. It's Chris. Yes, sales productivity is essentially flat from last year when you look at it in the first quarter. However, if you look at just a standalone quarter, Q1 this year is better than last year's Q1. So we are certainly seeing -- when you look at just individual standalone quarters, we're seeing some nice improvement there. And it's flat to Q4. So -- I'm sorry, flat to Q4, sorry, not to Q1 of last year, my apologies, I was talking about sequential. And -- but standalone, if you look at Q1 versus Q1, we saw an increase. So where we are today, it's effectively what we said in our guidance, which was we did not expect in our guidance to see any dramatic increase in sales productivity, it would remain flattish and that's kind of roughly where we are. So we're continuing to do lots of things and expect that what we're seeing in Q1 hopefully will continue to show benefit for the rest of the year, and start to see that increase from here. And our turnover has had steady improvement. Sales turnover has had steady improvement on [ph].
Christopher J. Lafond: Bill, it's Chris. A couple of things I would say there. If you look at average spend per organization, it continues to increase. It's up just over $100,000, which continues to improve. I think that's up almost 7% from the first quarter of last year and up a couple of percentage points from the fourth quarter. So as we talk about all the time, we're seeing that mix coming from -- about 20% of that increase is really due to pricing and the other 80% is real volume. So we're continuing to penetrate the clients, continuing to sell more into those clients. So that trend has been the trend we've been on for quite sometime and it is continuing.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, it's not the economic environment that has caused any change. And I'd sort of say if look at what's going on, the economic environment is not giving us any additional demand. The 2 things that are driving our increasing demand is -- one is, all the initiatives we have on sales productivity. And the second one is, what I talked about in our remarks, which is just what's going on the technology world general where it's affecting every business, every industry. And it's becoming more pervasive all the time. And so we have this underlying change that's going on in every enterprise, where technology is becoming more important. So they see the need for it and we're the best there is to do it. Then we couple that with our focus on making sure salespeople are as productive as they can be.
Christopher J. Lafond: Fully diluted share count exiting Q1, just give me a second. For the quarter, we had 93,209,000, that's the average for the quarter. We are actually -- let me just give you the exact number. It's down a couple of million, probably, below that. But we'll get you the exact -- we'll get an exact number for that.
Christopher J. Lafond: So again, in the U.S. alone, they have tiny penetration. And they are overwhelmingly U.S. And because we are global company, one of the ways we'd expect to leverage them is in fact to build their business globally. What they do is just as relevant everywhere in the world.
Christopher J. Lafond: Well, from a valuation perspective, as I talked about, we are very thoughtful about all of the deals we do, depending on the company, depending on the marketplace and depending on the growth rate of the business. So there's a whole bunch of different factors that are going to weigh in to valuation on individual transactions. So I wouldn't necessarily say one transaction is the market. We believe this transaction was done at a very -- a very good valuation, and we'll look at each one independently.
Christopher J. Lafond: We will continue to look, as we always do, at all uses of cash. As we talked about at the beginning of this year, we will feel very strong with our current cash position, the strength in our business and the continued growth in our business, as well as our balance sheet, that at least $400 million makes sense. And we'll look at that as we go through the rest of the year. And I just wanted to come back and circle back on the question that, the basic shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were 90.2 million, but we will clarify the weighted shares outstanding as of the end of the quarter.
Christopher J. Lafond: When we look at transactions, depending on the transaction, we look at multiple -- we look at a variety of different valuation multiples. We do look at revenue, we do look at earnings, we do look at cash flow, we look at a variety of them, and it's growth rate and other things. So we're looking at all of those when we look at valuation and feel very comfortable that this is a very good valuation for our business and for shareholders.
Christopher J. Lafond: It's been -- if you look at the strength in the backlog, it was pretty balanced, actually geographically. So we have really good strength around the world. And so from that perspective, very balanced. As you know, we're very focused on the kinds of activities that we do at our core Consulting and benchmark businesses. And we saw real strength across the portfolio. So I wouldn't say there's any specific place that drove that. It was just a very nicely balanced performance across the Consulting business.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, its really going to change from Analyst Day, which is we're assuming we have flat sales productivity. It doesn't improve. And if you just look at with flat sales productivity, if we don't have improving sales productivity, we still get an acceleration in our contract value growth rate.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes. So as we have -- we've been very focused on improving the performance of new hires. And in fact -- and we track it very closely, and the performance of new hires is improving.
Christopher J. Lafond: Andre, its Chris. As we've talked about many times, we feel very comfortable that this company could easily handle, on an ongoing basis, 2x to 3x debt-to-EBITDA on an ongoing basis. And could handle above that for certain transactions that make sense, because we know that with our cash-flow-generating ability they'll come down pretty quickly. So no change in terms of how we think about the long-term leverage that we can handle and that we would like to get to. As we talked about at Investor Day, the acceleration in share repurchase, as well as the acquisition pipeline we feel we have, will help get us there. And we don't have a specific timeframe, but we're going to continue to work through the year and execute as we have in Q1. And we will be able to provide updates as we go through the year.
Christopher J. Lafond: So Jerry, its Chris. When you look at that business, obviously, we're making some investments now and we will see. As that business scales, we will be able to give you more insight as we get farther along that path, but we certainly do not expect it to be a Consulting model. We expect it to be more like a Research business. And we'll be able to come back to you as we move ahead here.
Christopher J. Lafond: Sure, let me just go back and share with you what I talked about there. So when you look at what we did, there were some amounts that we have held back until certain employment conditions are met. And the amounts that -- those amounts will be accrued ratably and expensed over the service period of those employees. So over a couple of year period, which is the appropriate accounting for this particular transaction. And we anticipate that just under $17 million will accrue to the 2014 P&L for that amount. And then there'll be some in 2015 as well, a little bit higher, but -- and a little bit into 2016, just because of the timing of the transaction. So -- and if those conditions are not met, we wont pay those out. And we'll reverse those charges, but we're going to be accruing them and then the cash will go out the door when they hit those particular -- and it will all be in the line called acquisition and integration charges. So you'll see it in that line item.
Christopher J. Lafond: No, actually this just happens to be the accounting treatment for the transaction. So it's all part of the purchase price. How we decided to protect ourselves and to protect against either not achieving the kind of results we thought we'd achieve, we held these amounts back. And from an accounting perspective, it's treated this way. It is not compensation expense. It's part of the deal and the transaction. However, from an accounting perspective -- from an accounting perspective, we treat it as if it was compensation in the P&L, however that's not what it is in terms of the deal itself.
Christopher J. Lafond: It is in the acquisition and integration line because it is a deal cost. From an accounting perspective, we are required to treat it the way we're treating it and ratably expense it over the period of performance, which is over a 2-year period.
Christopher J. Lafond: Correct. So we paid out a $102 million in cash in Q1. There's an escrow amount that's held back and then there is this holdback as well, so there's holdback amounts t that have not been paid out yet in cash.
Christopher J. Lafond: Great. This is Chris. Just one thing to clarify, there was a couple of questions on the share counts. So just for your modeling, where we ended Q1 was basic shares outstanding of about 90.2 million, and then fully diluted is about 91.7 million. So that's kind of where as of Q1 ending. As I've said, we fully expect by the end of year to be below 90 million fully diluted shares outstanding.
Eugene A. Hall: So Peter, it's Gene. So the plan for sales force hiring is basically as to grow it in the 15% to 20% range for the year. We were in that range in Q1, we expect to be in that same range for the full year.
Eugene A. Hall: So Peter, in terms of the business, what it does is, as I mentioned on my comments, Gartner has targeted the 108,000 largest enterprises in the world. And our business model isn't optimized to serve business of small events. It's optimized to serve those 108,000. In the U.S. alone, there are millions of small businesses. They have the same kind of IT problems that large businesses do as well. And we have seen that as being a great market opportunity. It fits squarely with what we naturally do. Software Advice has the business model that's designed to address that. And in particular, what they do is they look at the specific needs of each segment in that -- in these markets. So I used an example of electronic medical records. Electronic medical records actually for small medical practices is not one market. There is different electronic medical record systems depending on which medical specialty you are. And so what they drove [ph] is a very good approach for determining what are the options for each of these kinds of markets that small companies are in, which tend to be very specific to the nature of that small company, even though there is -- there could be in any one segment, tens of thousands or even millions of small companies that work [ph] in that segment. In terms of the other part of the question, Chris will answer.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. It's Gene. So the -- our business in Europe is doing great. As I mentioned before, we have seen double-digit growth in all of our geographic regions, including Europe.
Eugene A. Hall: Gary, its Gene. So it is different in the core business. Typically -- again, you go back to my small medical practice. They typically buy things -- they typically have -- they tend to buy their software and their IT technology from the outside as opposed to kind of building it themselves. And in tends to be episodic. So you don't -- they don't buy a new electronic medical record kind of every month, every quarter, even every year. And so what happens is that the way our economics work is, it's more related to when they have specific transactions as opposed to they pay an upfront fee for a year of service. So when they need to do a deal, that's kind of when we get paid as part of that. And the -- and so it's very -- it's not a kind -- a 1-year contract, it's related more to the -- it's transactional. And on the other side of it, though, is unlike our larger -- our traditional business, there are many millions of these companies at any given point in time, and so we think that it's likely to -- that will smooth out a lot of the individual transactions as opposed to a business that doesn't have that kind of nature to it.
Eugene A. Hall: So the market opportunity is enormous. They have a very tiny portion of the market. And they are almost wholly in the U.S. today, and they only have a tiny portion of the U.S. market. So the opportunity for growth is huge there. And we think it can have -- be able grow at a higher rate than our traditional business for a long period of time.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So our public sector business overall grew at high-single-digit rates. In terms of the U.S. federal government, there is really no change in the situation we talked about for the past few quarters.
Eugene A. Hall: Again, the same thing, I think if you looked at the public sector overall, it's pretty much what you see. There is no change.
Eugene A. Hall: So, they have a different sales force. It's a different distribution channel. And in terms of the name, we're deciding how we're going to handle branding. For now, we're -- for now, we have retained Software Advice but we'll figure in the future -- we're still determining what we'll do in the future.
Eugene A. Hall: So Jeff, it's Gene. So Software Advice we think is the market leader in -- in doing the kind of work we do with small businesses, and so we see that as a core acquisition.
Eugene A. Hall: Now as we sit here today, I think we're still reflecting what we talked about on the last call, which is we still expect to be in the 13% to 14% range. We've accelerated the 13% and we still believe that we have the opportunity to get to that 14% range this year.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, again it's not the economy getting better, it's basically I think the fact that technology is becoming more important so people need help with that, technology changes. And it's also execution. Let me just comment on Consulting, specifically. As many of you know, our strategy in Consulting has been to build a cadre of managing partners and we've been working on that. And I think one of the things that has really that -- as we analyze the results for Q1, we have strong bookings there. It's really being driven by the strategy of having managing partners to drive that business. And so that's as an example of the kind of -- how our operational changes are really driving the improvement.
Eugene A. Hall: I would say the same. We -- as we've talked about repeatedly, we put that 3% to 6% in place. We've been able to do that every year. I wouldn’t say there's any dramatic difference this year versus last year.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, I'd say -- I mean, I talked about the public sector earlier, in essence we've seen no change. I'd say, in other things we're seeing modest improvement as we focus operationally.
Eugene A. Hall: So we've been very focused on hiring people that are a good fit with Gartner, because we know if we have -- they'll be more successful, they'll stay longer, it's a win-win for everybody. And our retention has been improving modestly over the last 2 to 3 years. So it isn't just -- it's part of the trend and its every year it's gotten a little bit better. We're staying on that same trend with getting a little bit better each year. And so the -- it's an important metric. And I think it's getting better because we're -- we keep -- we, as an institution, keep getting better if we hire people that are really good fit with our kind of environment.
Eugene A. Hall: So it does not look like a Consulting model. We don't think about it as a Consulting model at all. And we think, over the long-term, it will have very attractive margins.
Jeffrey M. Silber: In prior quarters, you called out some trends in your government business, I was wondering if we'd do that for this quarter.
Jeffrey M. Silber: Okay, great. I just wanted to circle back to the Software Advice acquisition, I'm not sure if you've answered this question about your go-to-market strategy. Is this going to be sold under a separate sales force? Are you going to keep the name, are you going to change the name? Any color there will be great.
Jeffrey M. Silber: Okay, great. And then just one on one that you had mentioned that the price you paid was reasonable based on other deals. Are you looking at any revenue multiple, a price-per-employee multiple? I'm just curious what metrics you used to make that statement.
