Eugene A. Hall: Hey, thanks, Sherief. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on our Q4 and full-year earnings call. As you may have seen from our press release earlier today, we continue to perform well in 2015. We delivered against all our key metrics for the year, including double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, and earnings per share. I remain bullish about our business. We're getting better, stronger, faster every year, and our results reflect it. We drove another year of double-digit contract value growth in every geography, across all client sizes, in every industry, except energy and utilities, where we had single-digit growth. Because of ongoing currency fluctuations, I'll review our results in FX-neutral terms, so you have an easier basis for comparison. For the full-year 2015, contract value growth was up 14%. Total company revenues grew 13% and EBITDA was up 13%. This performance was driven by robust quarter-over-quarter results and demand for our services remained strong. Research, the core of our business and our largest and most profitable segment, grew revenues 18% in the fourth quarter 2015 and contract value grew 14%. These results represent 24 quarters of consecutive double-digit contract value growth. Enterprise client-level retention was at 84% and enterprise-level wallet retention was at 105%, both down a point from Q4 2014. Our Consulting business represents opportunity for us to deepen our Research relationships with our largest clients. Our Consulting business revenue increased 5% in Q4 2015. We also grew backlog 19% in Q4, representing our biggest backlog ever. One of the core strategies in Consulting is to increase the number of managing partners, and we ended the year with 109 managing partners, up 18% over last year. Our Events business drove another quarter of double-digit growth in Q4, with revenues up 17%. We hosted more than 24,000 attendees across 15 events in the quarter, including our flagship conference series, Symposium/ITxpo. Finally, our supply chain and digital marketing business has continued to grow significantly faster than our average. These results reflect the tremendous value we deliver to our clients and all of this occurred against a challenging economic backdrop. Current estimates predict revenues and earnings for the top 500 companies in the U.S. declined during 2015. Many major economic countries and regions around the world experienced slowing economic growth or outright declines. Our clients in the oil and gas industry suffered from a 60% decline in oil prices, which also impacted entire countries and regions. Unemployment rates in many European countries remained high, and virtually all currencies continued to weaken relative to the U.S. dollar. In this environment, we achieved double-digit contract value growth, and once again delivered on our key metrics for the year. Whether enterprises or leveraging technology to disrupt entire industries or being disrupted by technology, or leveraging technology to drive operational efficiencies, technology remains a key component of their solutions. This makes technology a necessity for virtually every enterprise. Gartner is at the heart of technology. Our clients rely on us for independent, objective and fact-based insights when making critical technology decisions. For most of our clients, we represent substantially less than 1% of their IT budgets, while delivering tremendous value and a very high return on their investment. In addition, our business is highly diversified by industry, geography and size of client. That's why despite the economic disruptions I just mentioned, we achieved double-digit growth in every geography, across all client sizes, in every industry, except energy and utilities where we had single-digit growth. Because Gartner is a people business, we continue to make significant investments in our talent. In 2015, we added more depth to our global analyst community. We invested in recruiting and in training. We continue to improve our customer service processes. In addition to our core IT businesses, we continue to accelerate our growth in supply chain and digital marketing, and we augmented our offerings in the small business space with two strategic acquisitions, Nubera and Capterra. Finally, for the full year we repurchased more than $0.5 billion of our shares. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Craig, who'll provide more detail on our business results.
Eugene A. Hall: Hey, Ryan. This is Gene. So, the energy sector for us, energy and utilities, first is a small portion of our business. As Craig mentioned, it's less than 5% of our overall business. In that sector, despite – oil prices went from like $100 a barrel to $30 a barrel, so it's a pretty tough environment there. In that environment, we, as I mentioned in my comments, still had single-digit growth. In many of the countries that are in the oil segment, like Brazil, our growth decelerated, but again in Brazil we had double-digit growth. And so, we're aware of what's going on in the industry and technology is important in oil and gas, in every industry in the world. Even when they have cost problems, often – in fact, almost always technology's part of the solution, not the problem. So the reason we're able to grow even in very tough environments like that is because technology helps them actually achieve their cost objectives, as well as other parts of their business like looking at how to grow with their clients as well. And so, we're pretty confident that even in tough economic situations with our individual clients or in countries that when we focus on the right issues, which is helping them save costs or helping them grow their revenues, we'll have great growth there.
Eugene A. Hall: So we've assumed – as Craig mentioned, we've assumed productivity is flat going forward at the rate that we achieved last year. We have a lot of programs to improve productivity. So we're not sort of happy with flat productivity. We've assumed that in the plan because we want to assume what we've actually achieved. We've got improved recruiting. We've got improved training. We've got improved tools for our sales force that we introduced sort of – that we developed last year and are coming into fruition this year. And all those leading indicators say that our sales productivity should go up. So, for example, if you look at leading indicators of the people we recruited throughout 2015, that class of new recruits, their leading indicators are that they're going to have better sales productivity than the ones in the previous couple of classes. Similarly, our training, we continue to enhance. And we've got some really innovative tools we think have potential to increase sales productivity a lot. We haven't baked that in because we want to actually see it happen. And so, we actually are looking for sales productivity – we're aiming for and working hard to get sales productivity to grow during 2016.
Eugene A. Hall: We track approximately 100 or a few more companies at any given point in time. So there's all different kinds of situations. So I can't really characterize it as being one kind of particular area that we're looking at.
Eugene A. Hall: Here's what's going on at kind of an operational level, which is companies in distress in the oil and gas sectors displayed today with the big bowl in prices, they're having budgets that are smaller. So instead of budgets that were growing last year, they're saying, okay, our exploration budget is lower, our HR budget is lower, our IT budget may be lower. And so, of course, they're looking to say, okay, how do we save money? And so your question comes up sort of where does Gartner fit in this? We are a teeny portion of the cost for these companies. To give you a flavor, for a large oil company, we typically be less than two-tenths of a percent of their IT spending for – if they were a great client of ours, if they were a big client. And so they're not going to save any money by cutting Gartner services. On the other hand, we are very good at helping our clients to, first, save money within their IT organization and, secondly, to actually use IT to save money more broadly in the entire company through things like automation. And so the value proposition we have to companies in distress is, you can't make your budget, cutting our two-tenths of a percent or less is not going to help you at all. But we can help you cut 10% or 20% of your IT budget and more importantly, we can help you use IT in the rest of the organization to save cost through automation. At any given point in time in the world, something – some substantial portion of our clients, like 30%, have budget problems. They're going through bankruptcy. They have problems. So this is something we deal with every day. It's not just in the last year. So we're actually very good at dealing with this problem. And it does affect us. It's a harder selling environment, which is why our growth slowed to single digit instead of double digit in the energy and utilities. But we thrive in that kind of environment. Again, I just want to highlight an example I gave earlier where Brazil is a country where it's very dependent upon oil. The economy is not doing that great there. And we slowed – our growth slowed from higher double-digit growth to lower double-digit growth even in that kind of environment. And it's because of the things I just talked about, which is that we can help clients tremendously and have a great return on investment when they're financially distressed. We just have to make sure they understand we can help them actually in managing their costs. It's not – we're not – we're a big part of their solution to their problems and we don't cost very much.
Eugene A. Hall: So let me get the first part of that, which is so we bought these companies last year. They are performing at or above our expectations so far, and as we look forward to 2016, we're quite optimistic that they're going to perform at or above our expectations. And Craig, I'll let you...
Eugene A. Hall: So, I'll take the first part of that, Toni, which is the – our Events growth is fundamentally driven by the fact that – the stuff I talked about before, which is every company is facing opportunities to use technology and is trying to figure out how best to use technology. And so, their senior technology leaders come to our events to help do that. And it could be they're figuring out how to be disrupters, figuring how to deal with disrupters if you're the disruptee or how to use it in their business to drive revenue or cut costs. And so that's fundamentally what's driving it. We have lots of capacity at our existing events. And so, we do add events on a regular basis. But we have lots of capacity at our existing events to keep growing attendees at those events. In addition, as you point out, we have price, I'll let Craig talk about that.
Eugene A. Hall: It's basically the fundamental piece is, as I talked earlier, which is there's this fundamental demand for help in addressing technology issues across the business. The thing that's going to drive the growth is, we grew our sales force by 15%. If you look at our pipeline going into the year, our pipeline is very strong, and that's what drives the new business growth, which is what kind of gives us confidence. A combination of we have great capacity, all the leading indicators on the count we've been hiring is that they are going to get off to a faster start we've had in the past, and a leading indicator in terms of our actual pipeline looks great as well. So we're pretty confident we're going to have a great new business year in 2016.
Eugene A. Hall: Just to follow on that, which is, so the energy and utility sector is just the companies. If you look again, like I used Brazil since I've already talked about Brazil as an example. So in Brazil, because there – the whole economy has a lot of reliance on oil and gas – if the oil price goes down from $100 to $30 a barrel, it directly affects the oil companies but it affects government revenues; the government has less to spend. It affects all the companies that supply the oil companies. And so part of the factor we had was directly driven by the oil and gas sector itself. But the other thing is, if you're in a country like Brazil, it affects more than that. And to put it in perspective again, I want to drive home that we didn't see shrinkage or anything. In fact, Brazil was growing a bit above our average double-digit growth last – in 2014. In 2015, it had double-digit growth a little below our average growth. So, even in that tough environment, we had great growth there. But again, if you go from higher double-digit growth to a little lower double-digit growth, that has an impact on productivity. So it's not that we have things that are going from like great growth to negative, it's the double-digit just isn't quite as good as it was. And so that's the other small piece of it.
Eugene A. Hall: I just returned from our annual kick-off meeting with our sales managers from around the world and our sales leaders are excited about our prospects for growth and feel well equipped for success in any economic condition. As a company, we're in a very strong position. We have more impact on end users and technology providers than any other company in the world, and we know how to be successful. The macroeconomic environment affects all companies, but Gartner is better prepared than ever to deal with these disruptions. We're entering the year with the highest number of sales people than ever before. Our recruiting processes are better than ever, and all the leading indicators on our people suggest the talent we have in our organization today is better than it's ever been. We're getting better, stronger, faster day after day, year after year. We have a vast market opportunity, a powerful value proposition, a winning strategy and an exceptional business model. Looking ahead, we're prepared for ongoing macroeconomic challenges in 2016 and I remain confident we'll deliver another great year. We're well positioned for accelerated sustained growth for years to come. I look forward to giving you a more detailed update across our business at our upcoming Investor Day. Thanks for joining us today.
Craig W. Safian: Yes. Sure, Jeff. Hey, it's Craig. Good morning. So, the comment was really around the impact from energy and utilities, and then some selective markets, most of which are very reliant on the energy and utility sector. That said, as Gene just alluded to in the answer to the last question, we have been very focused on improving sales productivity and we see great signs and we have great examples of large complements or large teams where we've seen significant improvements in productivity on a year-over-year basis. That was muted by some of these macroeconomics challenges that we are seeing. But as Gene said, we remain very confident that we're doing all the right things from a recruiting perspective, from a training perspective, and from a tools perspective that will continue to improve productivity into the future.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. It's a great question, Jeff. A big portion of that growth is actually the investment in management partners. So that's been a strategic priority for us and the business is starting to bear the fruit of those investments. And that's really reflected in that really strong backlog position we see as we're headed into 2016. We've been adding the bottom of the pyramid, if you will, from a – more junior consultants to actually fulfill all that backlog. And as always, we'll manage and match our backlog growth, our revenue growth, and our head count growth so that we ensure we deliver to roughly our target margins in that segment.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Anj. It's Craig. So, we wrap up oil and gas in our energy and utility sector. That's the way we characterize it here internally. And as we mentioned earlier, it's less than 5% of our total CV, specifically companies in that sector. And then Gene will take the second part of your question.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. On the 2016 piece, Anj, it's hard to piece together from probably your perspective around looking at the growth rates on the difference pieces of the business. We expect those businesses to grow nicely into 2016. They still represent a teeny, teeny, teeny, teeny portion of the overall Research revenue and the total Gartner revenue, but we do expect them to continue to grow.
Craig W. Safian: Sure, Toni. Good morning. Q4 is typically our lowest contribution margin quarter for Research. If you look back historically, it's typically always the lowest quarter we have because of a lot of travel and other things related to Symposium season. That said, there were two primary impacts of the gross contribution margin decline on a year-over-year basis. One, modest impact from the acquisitions. They run at modestly lower gross margins. Net margins are good overall, but the gross margins are a little bit lower. And then the second thing, there was an impact – and we saw this across the full year, but impacted us in Q4 as well, a little bit from foreign exchange as well. And so, while we are nicely naturally hedged, it isn't always perfect when you get down to Research – revenue Research, expense, et cetera. So if you look at, we were down 90 bps. I think about half was FX. A little bit, probably about a third was due to the acquisitions and a third due to some other stuff.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. We because of all the dynamics that Gene just described, that does give us a significantly amount of pricing power in our Events business. And as we shift the mix in terms of getting the right people to the right event, so CIOs and senior IT leaders to Symposium, heads of BI to the BI event, et cetera, as we do a better job of targeting people and getting them to the right events, we're actually able to exercise even greater pricing power. And so, the fact that we do have capacity, the fact that we have a great value and a great product for our attendees and the fact that we do have pricing power, allows us to have confidence around continuing to grow that business at double-digit rates.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Gary. How are you? So the CV growth is determined primarily by two things. The amount we retain, and the amount of new business we put on top of that. I think your characterization of the tougher compare, particularly in Q4, is accurate. We had an amazingly strong Q4 of 2014, which fueled us and gave us great incremental Research revenue growth as we headed into 2015. We had a strong Q4, as Gene mentioned, as we went through in our remarks. New business was a little bit lighter than we expected. Again, impacted also by some of the macro challenges that we described. So, as Gene mentioned, energy and utility was a double-digit grower for us and now it's dropped down to single-digit. Brazil was a strong double-digit grower for us, dropped down to modest double-digit growth. All those things also had an impact on new business growth. But again, we remain confident that we can continue to grow our new business growth at strong rates. Manage really strong retention and that will equate to strong productivity into the future.
Craig W. Safian: It's a great question, Gary. So, we do look at it on a total leverage basis. We have gross debt of just over $800 million, net debt of about 1.1 times leverage. And again, we also have this great benefit of amazing free cash flow generation and so we are generating significant amounts of free cash flow year after year after year after year, and again, roughly 60% of that free cash flow gets generated here in North America. So we have that at our disposal. The other comment I'd make on the interest rate comment, we have locked in $700 million of our $800 million or $825 million worth of debt with interest rate swaps. So we're not – we don't have exposure on continued interest rate rises on that one and we'll continue to look at our capital structure, look at our free cash flow generation and look at other shareholder enhancing activities, whether they'd be share repurchases, acquisitions or both as we manage our capital structure on a go forward basis.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Stephen. Good morning. It's Craig. You're right. The primary driver of those reductions in gross contribution margin have been the investment in managing partners. We've been growing that very aggressively, well faster than revenue. The goal of making those investments though is so that we can drive deeper relationships with our largest clients where we're doing longer engagements and repeat engagements, and inherently those have better economics over the long-term. So we continue to believe that this can be a 35% to 40% margin business for us and we manage it so that we – or we plan for it so that we do see modest margin improvements on a year-over-year basis. But again, the investment in MPs, we think is the real lever there for us to drive better, more consistent results for us and better, more valuable relationships for our clients.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. I mean we did over $0.5 billion of repurchasing in the year. Yes, it was heavily weighted towards the first half of the year, but we still did well over $500 million for the year. As we've talked about, share repurchases remain a strategic use of our cash flow and our balance sheet, and we'll continue to look at both share repurchases and acquisitions as the two primary uses. As we talked about, when we put the current authorization in place, we talked about it being a roughly 2.5 year to 3 year program, that's the way we still think about it.
Craig W. Safian: Our attendee growth in the quarter, Jeff, was 3%. I don't think you were in Orlando but, as you know, Orlando is our largest event where we actually sold it out for two years in a row. And so you don't see big attendee growth when we have a sell-out. We do see revenue growth because, again, we're attracting and targeting a higher quality of attendee and then we're able to get a higher price out of that. But no, no issue or no risk from the math you're doing. Q4 was a very strong quarter for us from an Events perspective and particularly from an attendee revenue growth perspective.
