Eugene Hall: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our quarterly earnings call. For the second quarter of 2012 Gartner once again delivered strong results. On an FX neutral basis, we showed growth across all three of our business segments. Research, our largest and most profitable segment continued to grow at double-digit rates. Consulting had another solid quarter performance and events continued to exceed our long-term growth targets. Normalized EBITDA was up 16% quarter-over-quarter, and diluted earnings per share was up 34% over second quarter of 2011. As you’re aware, we’re looking at a tough world economy with economic uncertainty coming from all major geographies. Here in the U.S. unemployment continues to be a challenge. In Europe, the debt crisis remains threatening and in Asia, growth has slowed. Despite this environment, Gartner consistently delivered excellent results across all our businesses. We’ve achieved double-digit results across all geographies and industries for the past several quarters, and we expect this trend to continue. Our results demonstrate the strength and successful execution of our strategy for growth. Our strategy enables us to continue to capture our substantial market opportunity, which as I’ve stated in the past, we estimate to be at $47 billion. The fundamentals of our strategy are to create extraordinary research insights, to build strong sales capability, to deliver high-value differentiated offerings, to provide world-class service, and to continually improve our operational effectiveness. IT is complex, continually evolving and remains one of the most important drivers of growth and competitive advantage for virtually every institution in the world. Whether an organization is looking to leverage technology to achieve rapid growth, or looking to manage costs, Gartner is the best resource to turn to for help and our results show it. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition. And we have a successful and attractive business model with high renewal rates, great cash flow and incremental margins. I remain confident and excited about our prospects for sustained double-digit growth over the long term. With that, I’ll hand the call to Chris, who can comment in detail on our second quarter results.
Eugene Hall: Good morning, Peter. So, I’m actually feeling great about the second half for the year and on into 2013. We did add a lot of sales people towards to the end of 2011 and those sales people have gone through their training and they’re getting their initial territories, and so I really expect they’d be hitting traction in both the second half and then obviously through 2013. If I look at our pipeline, pipeline looks terrific in terms of deals and as Chris said, while we had great growth in all geographies and all industries. Our pipeline continues to look that way across the board. So, I’m quite optimistic about both the second half as well as again going into the 2013.
Eugene Hall: Yeah, so basically on sales force productivity, there’s two things going on. One is, for our tenured sales people, we continue to work very hard to drive that sales productivity, we see that rising over time. And then obviously, as we add more new sales people that changes the mix, in their first year or so, our new sales people have lower productivity and so, if we have a richer mix of new sales people in the first year obviously that impacts the kind of average productivity.
Eugene Hall: Hey. Its Gene. We are not, as Peter mentioned earlier, we don’t forecast contract value, but as I mentioned I think we expect to see – we’ve got a great pipeline as we see the large numbers of people that we added in the latter part of last year get up to speed we expect an acceleration over time. So I think we’re talking in the second half into 2013.
Eugene Hall: The thing that – it’s clearly a tough macro environment everywhere, but the thing that IT is really important for every institution as I mentioned in my talk and what we see impacts our performance more than anything else is our execution as opposed to the macroeconomic factors. As I mentioned and Chris also mentioned, we had double digit growth in every geography and in every industry segment, again this quarter even though the economic environment is not that great. And again if we look beneath that through the individual sales teams that do well versus don’t do well, it really is driven by economic – I mean it’s really driven by our operational performance, not the economic environment. IT is a great way to save costs in the institution and when people have those kinds of issues, we help them with that. And so it’s really applicable – our services are really applicable in any kind of environment.
Eugene Hall: Yeah. So, our – it’s Gene, our sales productivity varies on a number of factors not just geography, it’s things like are they selling to large companies versus small companies versus mid-sized companies, is it a market where we’ve got a very large counter value base or one that we entered relatively recently. So, for example, some places in China, we might have entered more recently not have as big a contract value base, so not as be of renewals. So, all those things affected, you have to look at all those. But if I would kind of summarize above that to sort of say, what’s going on by geography, to get back to original question, is there is no major driver that says, gee we’re getting, things are doing worse because the economic problem somewhere is worse and in fact, our – if you look in Europe just as an example, they – their performance year-over-year was among the best in our entire – if you look at across all the regions despite the economic environment. As I mentioned, we had double-digit growth everywhere in Europe, in fact year-over-year was one of the stronger performers. So, it’s really again driven by our operational execution, not by the market – not so much by the market environment.
Eugene Hall: Yes. So, our attrition rates are right where they have been. Our sales force attrition hasn’t changed materially. So, that’s going great. In fact, we’re very focused on actually lowering it because we would like to have people to stay longer, particularly making sure we hire people that are a really good fit with Gartner.
Eugene Hall: Bill, it’s Gene. I’ll just give a little color on that which is, the way that business works is we do the work helping the client and we get paid when they actually sign the contract and we had a few deals that we actually, as Chris said, completed work in actually during Q2 but they signed the contract in like the first couple weeks of Q3. So we don’t get paid until then. And our expectation is that those deals will just enhance our Q3 business with that segment.
Eugene Hall: Yeah, actually, if anything – Bill, just one thought on that, if anything it’s the opposite which is that, there’s $3.1 trillion or $3.2 trillion of IT purchases, we cover a teeny portion of that. And the – that business is in very high demand, because people – in places where people are under cost pressures, that’s a great way to save money. And so if anything I think there is – when times are tough is when that business shines the best.
Eugene Hall: Yeah, just to add – it’s Gene, just to add to it – we’re actually quite optimistic that we can continue to increase that retention, as Chris said, over time.
Eugene Hall: Sure, Kelly. So, we don’t forecast contract value growth, so we’re not going to give a forecast for what the number is going to be, but what I’m saying basically is that we have capacity in place. We’re executing well and we think we can continue to execute well. And as a result, I’m quite optimistic that over time our contract value growth will accelerate.
Eugene Hall: Yeah. Again, I think we’re – we gave the 15% to 20% based on our operational performance, and so and we look for areas where we see the best opportunities to add sales people and there’s a rate at which people can productively come onboard and we gauge based on looking at actually our operational ability to assimilate new people and we think the floor of that 15%, we can easily do 15% and we think kind of right now, the maximum to do is 20% and so it’s not like we have a fixed number or aiming towards more of that, we do it on an operational, what makes sense operationally.
Eugene Hall: Yeah. Hi, Brian. It’s Gene. So first on the opportunity side, we have identified today 108,000 institutions as potential clients, of which only about 27,000 are actually assigned to a sales territory today. And so as we add new salespeople, we have plenty and plenty of opportunities, we know where there are today, it’s just a matter of we don’t have enough salespeople yet. So when we bring the salespeople on, we do one or two things. We take some of those new territories, some of that, roughly 70,000 institutions that are not yet assigned to a salesperson. The other thing we do is, as Chris mentioned, we have normal sales force turnover and so when somebody leaves us we obviously replace them with another sales person and they get that. And so it’s a combination of – it could be replacing an the existing sales territory or we could be bringing a whole new territory. And that happens in the U.S., it happens in Europe and it happens in Asia, all three of those. With respect to training, we have a huge – we know that we want to have – grow our sales force 15% to 20% a year and we’re going to have order of magnitude 15% turnover which is again normal turnover. So as Chris said, we’re going to have like 30% or 35% people in their first year every year. So, recruiting and training are a huge focus for us and we have taken our training program from very basic five years ago to being what people – when we hire experience sales – when they go through our training program, they say it’s the best training program they have ever seen. And, we’re not stopping there. We know, to your point, how important it is and so we’ll continue to enhance those programs over time, it’s a source of continuing investments it’s not static in anyway whatsoever. Same thing with recruiting by the way, we are always focused on how do we identify people that are most likely to be successful, how do we get better, better and better over time, so our sales force turnover is lower and our initial productivity is higher.
Eugene Hall: Hey, it’s Gene. So, the – we are growing our sales force basically everywhere, in geographies, everywhere and sized companies and everywhere in industries because there’s opportunities in all those spaces and – it’s operationally. So for example, we don’t want to grow one team 50% – if we’re going to average 15% to 20%. We don’t really want to grow one team 70% or 80% and one team 5% because the team that’s growing 70% or 80% would be very hard operationally to manage. So, we try to keep all the industries and all the verticals and all the geographies growing in kind of a range. That range could be higher than our talk of higher than 20% in some very fast growing particular markets. But, and could be a little bit low if we see that there’s an area where we think operationally the team needs to some changes before we had a lot of head count. But, you can think about we’re growing in all the geographies, all the industries and all-size clients.
Eugene Hall: Yeah. So, it won’t surprise you. It’s places that are the faster growing economies in the world. For example, in some parts of Asia, we’d be at the higher end of those ranges as opposed to the lower end of the range. We’ve grown very – People’s Republic of China, for example, we’ve grown faster than the kind of 20% that we talked about there.
Eugene Hall: Well, I mean basically we have a very robust pipeline and we track this very systemically in terms of opportunities and it looks very robust.
Eugene Hall: Yeah, I would say, no – no changes in selling cycle, one of the things that we’ve gotten very good at in this economy is where clients have cost problems they need to deal with, budget problems they need to deal with, we know how to talk with them and how to make sure we’re helping with them in being front and center or as part of the solution and so, even in areas where there are big budget concerns and things like that we’re pretty good at addressing those. So, yeah, no change in the selling cycle we’re seeing.
Chris Lafond: Thanks Peter. The way to think about the margin expansion for us comes in a couple places. As you know, we talk often about the incremental margins in each of the three businesses. So, on the research side, we believe we have a roughly 70% incremental margin. So, for every dollar we sell, about $0.70 will flow through the gross margin line. Today that business is at about 68% margin. So, there is still some room for that to continue to expand up towards that 70% number. Consulting we think over the long-term is 40% and we are not quite there yet, and Events is between 48% and 50% and we’re starting to get pretty close to that number. So, there is certainly still some room each of the three segments, as we continue to grow and the mix shift as well. Right so, as we continue to grow Research faster than the others, you continue to see margin expansion simply because of that mix shift. So, those are all the drivers that happen kind of on the gross profit line, as you go below, and look at the SG&A line, SG&A has been relatively stable as you know, we’re investing heavily in sales as we talk about. We continue to manage G&A, G&A continues to come down as a percent of revenue; that will continue to be a source of margin expansion as well. So, we still think there’s plenty of opportunity, I think we’ve done a really good job of expanding the sales force over the past six or seven years, while also expanding margin. And I think we can continue to do that 50 to 150 basis point expansion, as we continue to move ahead.
Chris Lafond: Hey, Bill, it’s Chris. As you know, we monitor that very closely, if you look at our, for example upcoming fall symposiums, the advanced exhibitors are looking great well ahead of last year, so continuing to look really strong. If you look back at all the events we’ve had so far this year, all of them – almost every event we’ve had is up year-over-year both in attendees and exhibitors so we’ve got really strong performance. Everything we see so far continues to suggest that we’ll continue so we see no indication of anything other than that.
Chris Lafond: Hi, Manav. It’s Chris. The Ideas acquisition, as you know, is a very, very small organization. So, there’s really no material impact to revenue, EBITDA, CV. The only place that there was anything even remotely material was the $0.02 of acquisition-related charges that we talked about. That number will be $0.03 for the full year. So, we’ve already taken a bulk of that and for the rest of the year it should not be material to our results at all.
Chris Lafond: No, nothing unusual. No one-time things. I would say it’s just normal ongoing operation of the business. I think as we continue to grow the Research business, we know how to manage those costs. We know how to take advantage of the leverage in that business. So I wouldn’t say there was anything unique or different, there are periods of time where we have timing of different things that bounce between quarters, so you may see a particular quarter a little stronger. But overall I think for the full year, we still expect that we’ll see a nice expansion in that segment.
Chris Lafond: Yeah. I think there’s just normal timing between quarters. I think if you look at the half, we’re basically right where we expect to be in terms of our share repurchase program. And yes we were looking at – we always look at acquisitions and continue to look at acquisitions. We obviously used some money for one this quarter. But, I would expect that you’ll continue to see us be in the market on a regular basis and it could be lumpy every quarter, but overall we’ll continue to be in the market.
Chris Lafond: It’s pretty well balanced, when you look at our overall contract value growth and you look at the overall growth in CV by either geography, industry, it is extremely well balanced across all of that, so I wouldn’t point out any individual place that was particularly stronger or weaker than anywhere else. So I would say, continues to be very balanced.
Chris Lafond: No, not at all, if you look at our Consulting business, as I talked about on the call, our Core Consulting and Benchmark businesses had a really strong year-over-year performance so continuing the strength we saw in Q1. So those were both up a combined 9%, FX neutral. Contract optimization can be a little bit lumpy as the nature of that business depends on when clients choose to do a particular IT purchase transactions and so we’ve completed some work on few deals that we already see coming into Q3 so those have just slipped from Q2 to Q3. So we still feel very confident that the guidance we’ve given in the businesses performing exactly as we’d expected.
Chris Lafond: Hey, Bill. It’s Chris. So I would say if you look at our client retention rates, our client retention rates are at essentially all-time high, so I think we’re at 83% this quarter which is up from where we were, by another point. As we always talked about our longer-term goal, we believe we’re driving towards a 90% number there. We think there is certainly some activity that’s related to acquisitions, bankruptcies et cetera. So, there is some percentage of accounts that we can’t necessarily control, because of those things. I would not say there is any meaningful shift in anything we’ve seen, I think our retention rates continue to improve and continued to improve with all the activities that we’re taking to work on that.
Chris Lafond: I mean where we are today, we certainly have set a target to get 90% and as we get there, as we always do with you guys, we’ll share with you what we think we can do as we get to those numbers. So, we’re always going to be strive to be better than where we are today.
Chris Lafond: As you know, the minimum contract length for the most part is one year, we have about a third of our contracts are multi-year at any point in time. And when you look at contract value, the only thing in contract value, it’s all annualized. So even if we have multi-year contracts, you’re only seeing one year’s worth of CV in that number. So the multi-year does not affect our CV number.
Chris Lafond: Yeah, great question and so as you know – we certainly accelerated and had to do lot of hiring of new people in the first part of this year and when you look at sales productivity, we’ve certainly had a much richer mix of new people versus existing people and so that certainly has an impact as you look quarter-to-quarter on how that productivity measure trends. So our trend continues to move ahead. So productivity is moving as we had expected to move, we certainly expect as we get into the back half of the year that of all of those people become fully trained, get more productive, we start to see that productivity increase as we go through the year. So and then obviously we’ll depend on how many more sales people we add towards the back half of the year or early next year. So there is a number of factors that will affect that and it’s a question of when those people come on board, what that mix looks like. As we talk about all the time, I think the key thing for everybody to remember is, growing your sales force 15% to 20% with normal sales force turnover in the 15%, 17% range, you are going to have 35%-ish of your sales force in the first year, that’s a big number to manage. And that will move over time depending on when we bring those people in and that will impact the quarterly productivity numbers. So I think for us the key is to keep watching, to make sure that as we look at the details below it as in terms of the productivity of new people, productivity as people go through their tenure that we feel those things are moving in the right direction and that’s exactly what we feel today.
Chris Lafond: Their revenue is not all Research revenue, they have some Consulting and other revenues and so, what I would – what I would say, as we talked about earlier, it’s not material to the results. So, I wouldn’t – it’s not going to move the needle either way.
Chris Lafond: Yeah. So, just a couple of points on backlog. The first thing that’s really important to note is the months of backlog, so we’re still trending at around four months which is exactly where we want to be. So, we feel really good about the months of backlog that we have. FX is a pretty minimal impact to backlog, so I wouldn’t say that that was a driver. If you look back we had a particularly strong Q1 in Europe with backlog, so we certainly expected to work some of that backlog down. And so from where we are today, we feel very confident that the backlog is where it should be and it’s supporting what we think we should be delivering in the back half of the year.Dan Leben – Robert W Baird: Great. Thanks guys.
Chris Lafond: Yeah. The tax rate – the effective tax rate of 32% to 33% and we still expect to be in that range. It was a little lower this quarter because we had some credits that were booked this quarter related to our Stamford headquarters and some credits we received from the State of Connecticut. So, but overall we’ll be still in that 32% to 33% range.
Chris Lafond: Hey Bill, it’s Chris, effectively we don’t try to forecast foreign exchange; we never have. So, basically we look at where the exchange rates are today and we look forward and so all of our current assumptions assume, FX is kind of where it is today. If it moves dramatically, we’ll come back and tell you what the impact is. If you look at where we are through the first half in the second quarter, we probably had a kind of 3 to 4 point impact on top line, similar impact on expense and not a huge impact on the bottom line, but we’ll see where it goes for the remainder of the year.
Chris Lafond: Well, we just reconfirmed our guidance that we put out, so right now we still believe with the foreign exchange at the levels they are today, we will still be in the range of the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year.
