Craig Safian: Jeff, thanks for the question. So the way we’re looking at it, obviously, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we are tracking really nicely across the entire business, but across our Research business as well through the first two months of the year. And as you also know, a lot of our business tends to come in, in the last two weeks of each month with a heavy emphasis on the last couple of weeks of each quarter. And so we were tracking really well across the businesses. And when we looked at March as a stand-alone, recognizing that there was significant disruption. As Gene mentioned, our clients and us, we all shifted to working in offices to working at home. And so what we saw, when we look at it, was new business declines on a year-over-year basis in the 20% to 25% range. And some hits on our transactional renewal rates as well, I think in the roughly five-point range. And that’s what we experienced in March. In April, trends are kind of on that level. Some are a little bit better, some are consistent, but roughly speaking, on that level. And again, when we developed the guidance for the year, we have not assumed any sort of recovery. And so we’ve basically modeled that new business experience at a granular level across every region and practice in which we do business. And we’ve modeled that straight across assuming no recovery.
Craig Safian: So listen Jeff, we don’t provide a contract value guidance. And essentially, there’s a kind of wide range of possible outcomes for that contract value. And so the way we feel about it is definitely going to cause a deceleration in the Research contract value growth rate. That will probably glide down over the year. But what we’ve said is based on everything we can see and the way we’ve modeled it and the improvements we’ve made to the business, we don’t see it drifting down as far as we did in the last downturn.
Craig Safian: Yes. Well, so it’s kind of hard to parse right now. So first, to answer the first part of your question, the up to $400 million is in your 2020 savings. And if you kind of map the changes in our guidance, you’ll need that savings to deliver on the EBITDA guidance or the minimum EBITDA guidance we just gave. As we think about it, the cost avoidance, and to be frank, it is more cost avoidance than cost reduction. As Gene mentioned, and as I mentioned, we’re both very focused on – we’re all very focused on making sure that when we come out of this, we are strong and prepared to rebound back as quickly as possible, similar to what happened during the last downturn. And so I wouldn’t categorize much of the cost avoidance as "permanent". I think that over time, varying degrees of it will get turned back on at different paces. So as an example, as you mentioned with growth headcount, if we are growing a business and we are seeing sales productivity, we’re going to add the right number of research analysts and service people and salespeople. We will absolutely do that to support the business and drive future growth. On top of that, we have large buckets of spend like travel. And that one will probably turn back on at a slower rate than potentially headcount. And then the other thing I’d mention is we’ve made some tough decisions around headcount reductions, as we talked about, and other compensation-related things. And when we get out of this or when we can see our way out of this, we are a people business, and we want to make sure that we keep our team happy and motivated and chasing the goal of consistent double-digit growth.
Craig Safian: Okay. So I think you’re right. When we saw what was potentially – the impacts on the business, most notably our conferences schedule, right? And while Conferences only represents around 11% of revenue, not for nothing, it’s a $500 million business. And as we started to look at the potential for not being able to run a full schedule, only being able to run a partial schedule and potentially, as your outlook reflects not being able to run any conferences at all, we were very focused on really EBITDA preservation, cash conservation, liquidity and financial flexibility, right? Those were kind of our mantras throughout March. And we very aggressively hit the brakes on a lot of items to make sure that we maintain as much financial futility as possible. We’ve done, what I would argue, a really good job of getting that in line, making the tough decisions when we need to. But again, as I mentioned, it’s more cost avoidance than actual cuts. And again, unfortunately, we have had to make some cuts, but the bulk of the savings is really around cost avoidance. And it kind of just did round to that roughly 16% range. We were not solving for that. It was more about just making sure we can maintain as much financial flexibility as possible moving forward. And then I’ll flip it to Gene to talk about the future.
Craig Safian: Yes. Gary, when we talk about the cost avoidance, we do not cater the costs that we don’t have to have to deliver the conferences. So it’s kind of separate and apart from the Conferences side. What we’ve done on the Conferences side is right size the business, as we kind of –as we talked about. But the bulk of the $400 million relates to, as I mentioned, really more cost-avoidance measures. So we had a plan for 2020. Within that plan, we had pretty decent growth in sales headcount, in service headcount, in other areas of headcount. We’ve temporarily frozen all of that, and that yields a pretty significant amount of savings. We’ve stopped traveling. Obviously, not our choice necessarily, but that yields significant savings. And as I mentioned with Jeff’s question, over time, that will have to be turned back on, but it’s probably not a binary thing where we immediately go back to spending exactly what we were spending pre-crisis. And so it’s kind of a mix of different things, but the bulk of the savings really relate to avoiding costs that we had built into our 2020 plan. And harvesting some savings from things like P&E or maybe not investing as much in facilities or more of things like that, which again, we don’t know what the new reality is going to look like going forward. And as Gene mentioned, everything we’re doing is to maintain as much flexibility financially and operationally as we move forward.
Craig Safian: Yes, sure. Thanks, Manav. So during the last downturn, obviously, we were just essentially GTS and just our technology business. It was prior to us acquiring AMR, and it was obviously well in advance of us acquiring CEB. And if you go back and look at the metrics, the CV trough was around negative 4%. So in the second or third quarter of 2009, that was kind of the bottom. And if you look at it, we actually bounced back and rebounded really quickly. And by the midpoint of the next year or end of 2010, we were already back at double-digit growth rates. And so that’s what happened with the CV. When we look at the new business and retention, the new business declines were in the negative 25% range for a couple of quarters when the bad stuff on the Great Recession really started to hit. And our retention rates were down in the, call it, 500 to 750 basis points range as well. As we mentioned, though, there’s probably two primary reasons why we believe we are better positioned today than we were back in 2008, 2009. And we’ve noted them over and over, whenever we’ve gotten questions in the past or as we’ve described our business. But it really is around the types of research we deliver, the real focus we can drive on cost reduction and cost optimization, and the levels of engagement where we drive with our clients consistently and have continued to drive in March and April. And so while we do anticipate or – I shouldn’t say that, while we have modeled in, based on our March-April experience, that deceleration and glide down, we do feel that we are in a stronger position than we were during the Great Recession in 2008, 2009.
Craig Safian: Yes. I think there’s a couple of things there, Manav. I think number one, we were very fast to harvest cost-avoidance opportunities and anything we could harvest in Q1, we harvested in Q1. And if you think about that from a financial flexibility perspective, we get the benefit of that. If you look at our debt covenants and all that, we get the benefit of that for the next four quarters. And so it’s very important for us to make sure that we harvested as much as we could in Q1 to maintain all that financial flexibility. The second thing I’d say is, if you model out Research revenue, we’ve always said Research revenue growth lags contract value growth because of the revenue recognition. It’s the same thing on the flip side when there is a deceleration in contract value. And so we intend to guide down on – or we’ve modeled gliding down on the CV growth over the course of the year. The Research revenue glides down at a slower rate, if you will, just because of the revenue recognition methodology that we employ on that large part of the business. And so as we look at Q2 through Q4, again, we’ve tried to be thoughtful around not assuming any sort of recovery. And as Gene mentioned, there are parts of the world, whether it’s conferences or research or what have you, there are parts of the world that are "reopening up". But we have not taken that into account. We wanted to be appropriately conservative in thinking about this and not trying to pick when we think a recovery will come, whether it’s a U-shaped recovery or a V-shaped recovery or a W-shaped recovery. We didn’t want to get into guesswork on that. And so I think we’re just trying to make sure that we manage the business appropriately. We take the steps necessary to maintain financial flexibility and we’re also making sure that we maintain capacity in places like sales and research and service so that when we come out of this, we’re prepared to reaccelerate.
Craig Safian: Andrew, we didn’t call that out specifically. But obviously, we had a pretty – we beat our original guidance pretty significantly in the first quarter. As I mentioned, we were tracking very well from an EBITDA perspective through January and February, and tracking well ahead of our EBITDA budget for those two months. Then on top of that, once we saw some of the challenges that we’re now dealing with, we slammed the brakes on a significant amount of costs. And we are actually able to offset about $46 million worth of lost Conference revenue in the quarter as well. And so as you kind of think about the cost-avoidance benefits in Q1, if you kind of bridge between our original guide and where we ended, that’s a pretty good estimate for how much we were able to save.
Craig Safian: I’ll take it. I’ll start, and then Gene can fill in the blanks. So productivity, as you know, the way we measure it, is a rolling four-quarter measure based on the amount of net contract value growth that we deliver over those rolling four quarters divided by opening headcount. It’s sort of a derivative of all of the other metrics that we look at in terms of what drives contract value growth. And so what we saw in the first quarter, obviously, and you can see this on the specific GTS and GBS pages, is the actual NCVI generated in first quarter of 2020, if I talk about GTS specifically, was less than the NCVI we generated in Q1 of 2019. And so on a rolling four-quarter basis, we lost a, let’s call it, a strong quarter and replaced it with a more challenging quarter. And that’s essentially what impact that productivity measure. Since it is a derivative metric, as – if contract value growth is going to decline over the balance of the year, productivity will decline as well. And again, if you think about the inputs of productivity at the kind of granular level, they’re the same as we talk about at the highest level, which is what is the retention rate on the contract value that is coming up for renewal and how much new business are you actually able to generate. And as we mentioned, and obviously, in March and through April, because of the environment, both of those metrics had pressure on them. And so we would expect that pressure – or I should say we’ve modeled that pressure, consistent pressure, to continue through the balance of the year. With GBS, obviously, last year, we had a bunch of negative quarters in the rolling four-quarter measure. And so now we’ve obviously flipped to positive in GBS, which is great and where we want to be. And that’s what’s driving that flip to – from negative to positive in the first quarter. But the same dynamics that apply to new business and retention for GTS will also apply to GBS, or at least as we’ve modeled them through the balance of the year.
Craig Safian: So I think a lot of the dynamics related to research contract value growth in the kind of short to mid-term will be driven by recovery. And so if there is a recovery in the third quarter or the fourth quarter or the first quarter of next year, obviously, that is what’s going to support contract value kind of bouncing back and reaccelerating in the short to midterm. Gene, I don’t know if you want to take the question on GTS headcount specifically and how we’re thinking about it.
Craig Safian: Yes. So I wouldn’t think about GBS as being more discretionary than GTS. And here’s how we think about it, which is that in GBS, so first, things like HR, finance, legal, as I mentioned in my remarks, really have characteristics in terms of buying cycles, buying criteria, things like that as in GTS. And I mentioned also that in marketing and in supply chain, there are specific issues. And in supply chain, the issue is that a lot of the supply chain leaders that we would sell to are actually doing tactical operational things in their business because supply chains are struggling in their companies. Because of marketing, it’s impacted by the fact that we had these product lines we talked about that we are discontinuing because the profitability wasn’t where we wanted it to be. And so those two things are actually taking the GBS growth lower than it would otherwise be. And then the other factor that affects GBS that’s different than GTS is our GTS sales and service teams have much more experience. We have sales and service people in GTS that have been working there for 10, 15, 20 years. In GBS, we have a much smaller group of people that have been using those same playbooks for that kind of period of time. And so we expect that, that will have an impact. But over time, they’ll keep getting better and better and approach GTS levels. And so those are kind of the two factors that affect why GBS has been a little bit of a laggard relative to GTS.
Gene Hall: Yes. I mean, again, Gary, quick on here, we didn’t have a target in terms of margin that we were aiming for. We basically wanted to build in sufficient flexibility for the future that we can cover a range of outcomes. And we’re very much thinking about what’s going to happen in 2020 and 2021, as Craig and I both mentioned in our scripts. And are preparing so that we can return to quite – we’re hoping to be able to return to quite good growth there, but we’re prepared for whatever may come.
Gene Hall: So Tony, we don’t have a kind of a quantitative breakdown of those. But I’ll give you kind of a qualitative perspective, which is the largest category is the companies that are not directly impacted by COVID-19. Like for example, some notch hotels, things like – well that’s not the largest category. The largest categories are the companies that are not directly impacted, but they might sell things to hotels or sell things to airlines. And so they have some impact on their business. That’s the largest category. And then I’d say the second largest category are the companies that are – in fact, the first of the other two categories are probably equal size, which is the ones that are directly impacted like hotels, restaurants, airlines, things like that. And then equal size would be the companies that are not impacted at all, like if you’re selling video conferencing software or you’re in certain parts of the media business, like streaming media business, for example.
Gene Hall: Yes. Craig said in his remarks, we basically, for our guidance, assume no improvement during the year. So we – if you think about we took the results in March and in April, and said if nothing gets better through the year, what is it going to look like? And so we took our – think about our new business growth and our retention rates and extra delay to that through the rest of the year with the contracts we have coming up for renewal. And that kind of gives you what happens with business, the Research business.
Gene Hall: So in terms of timing, when we restart conferences. First, we have two kind of – what we call destination conferences where people tend to fly in from around the country. So like Orlando is supposed to be one of those. Then we also have our Evanta conferences, which tend to be small with, I think, 50 people at a local event where people don’t travel. It could be a dinner, it could be a one-day event. And so first, we expect that the conferences that are more local are more likely to be feasible to hold before we’d be able to hold the large destination conferences. The second thing is that as we assess when is a good time to restart, we’re going to get input. Right now, in fact, we have focus groups with both exhibitors and with attendees to get what they think would be necessary for us to restart. And we’re using that information as input. We’re also going to be looking at what the rest of the world is doing. So if the NFL is having – going to be having football games in the fall and are – how do people – are they comfortable doing that? Is Disneyland or Disney World reopening? And so if you look at kind of – we’re going to look at those kinds of things. And of course, we’re going to look at what the health officials say as well. And so it’s going to be triangulating what clients and potential attendees would say, looking at what the rest of the world is doing and then looking at what the health risks would be. And then triangulate all that stuff to figure out what we actually do. I’m also imagining that it may not be the same answer around the world. So as you probably know, some of the – some companies open things like these kinds of events in China already. And so we’ll see what happens there and what the health risks are and what the reaction of public is. With regard to – yes, and so with regard to virtual events, as I mentioned on the call, we’ve already – we believe that it’s a reasonable bet that our virtual events will be more popular. And so we are experimenting and innovating to look at how do we both hold stand-alone virtual events, but also how do we combine in-person events with virtual events so that if people want to participate, but they are not comfortable in coming virtually and come – I’m sorry, coming in-person that they can participate virtually. And so we’re developing those models now. We’re testing them. And I’m optimistic that we’ll come up with a good model there.
Gene Hall: So well, see Andrew, we don’t know how fast people are going to come back. And so we’re going to have to play that by year. But I do know, as we’ve done our focus groups that there’s a very effect – it exceeded our expectations, the level of interest that clients have in attending these types of conferences. And so what we find is that there’s actually quite a bit of enthusiasm, and people are anxious to be able to and looking forward to be able to turn into these. And obviously, if they don’t feel safe, they won’t. But still got to cross that threshold, and we don’t know when that will occur. But the good news is the underlying demand seems to be there. People still want to come to conferences for all the reasons they have in the past. And so to the extent that we can make the environment comfortable, that will draw them faster. And we’re certainly doing that. We’re looking, like I said is, in terms of ways that we can make the conferences – or we can hold them in a way that people feel very safe going there.
Gene Hall: Yes. So George, basically, we don’t – we’re going to set GTS headcount based on the productivity we’re seeing at an individual territory basis. And so where we see territory, if we – today, we see territories that are – have good productivity, we’re going to be adding to those territories. And so it’s going to be just looking sort of at what’s our overall productivity territory by territory? And are there places that we could productively add territories, we’ll do that. And so you shouldn’t think about that our sales headcount in GTS is frozen for the year. We’re going to moderate that headcount based on the productivity we see.
Gene Hall: So we’re in 100 countries around the world. They vary a lot. I don’t think there’s anything I would take away specifically strongly, like I’ll give you two examples. India and Japan have been doing well for us relative to other countries. But I think it’s just our execution was just a little bit better there is kind of what I’d put it up to as opposed to us – as opposed to it. There’s something fundamentally different there about the economy or something like that.
Gene Hall: So as you heard from our call today, as we navigate the uncertainties of our current environment, we are well positioned to help our clients address both the pandemic and the economic downturn. We’ve taken steps to carefully manage our costs and cash flow in response to the economic downturn. And we’re going to come out of the recession strong and well positioned to resume driving long-term sustained double-digit growth. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
