Craig W. Safian: Good morning. How are you? In terms of the geographic trend, as both Gene and I mentioned, we are seeing broad-based growth. I think what's really nice for us is some of the places where we had seen challenges, we've seen that turn around based on our doubling down on best practices and real focus on execution. And so, as Gene mentioned, Brazil returned to double-digit growth. The energies and utilities sector improved about 500 basis points, sequentially, in contract value growth. And again, we continue to see broad-based growth across just about every region we deal in.
Craig W. Safian: Good morning, Gary, and thanks for the question. Again, I think it goes back to what Gene described a little bit earlier. So in terms of our capital structure strategy and the way we think about things, first off, we continue to believe we can grow the business organically at double-digit rates into the future. On top of that, we do believe that strategic acquisitions can drive significant value for our shareholders. And so that remains our number one priority. Absent those acquisitions, we do look to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. While the activity has been a little bit light or lighter than historical, what I would tell you is, since 2014, as I mentioned, we repurchased just about $1 billion worth of our stock. If you go back further than that, it's an even larger number. And so we've been very aggressive over our history around both deploying our capital on strategic value enhancing acquisitions as well as returning capital to shareholders through share repurchase programs. The other thing I mentioned is we do have, as I talked about, a significant amount of capacity, our cash flow, revolver capacity, et cetera and $1.1 billion authorization. So we do believe on a go-forward basis we'll continue to look at our first priority, great acquisitions that enhance shareholder value. And then second priority, absent that, returning capital to shareholders.
Craig W. Safian: Ryan (45:14), the one other thing I would add is it does point to and accentuate just the breadth and depth of what we have from an operating perspective across our research portfolio. And sometimes it's just a matter of highlighting for our clients any area that they may not have focused on previously or may not have known we had. And so there's an element of that as well, which is if you are running the cost reduction play, we actually have a lot of analysts and a lot of research that can help you do that. If you're running the digital play, we can help you there. If you're running the cloud play, we can help you there. So it's really points to the breadth and depth of our offerings that we can run the plays required based on what the clients need at that time or what their financial situation is.
Craig W. Safian: And Jeff, the one other thing I would add is our conviction in the market opportunity has not wavered one bit, and so any modulation is really around assessing things at the ground level and ensuring that we are deploying additional resources in places that can drive productivity profitably. And so it's tweaking on the margin there but, again, we remain absolutely convicted around the market opportunity and again believe we can grow the sales force to capture that market opportunity over the mid-term to long-term.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Mike, good morning. We obviously – we grow our contract value through a combination of driving additional penetration in our existing accounts and we gave you some color around the average spend per enterprise and our wallet retention metrics that illustrate that, on top of that because of that enormous market opportunity, we do believe that we can consistently find net new logos to bring into the fold as well. And so, it may deviate a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. But over time if you look back, we've typically driven between 6% and 8% growth in our enterprises each and every year, and that would be our expectation rolling forward as well.
Craig W. Safian: Good morning, Patrick (55:00). It's Craig. On the Consulting business, actually the business is in a very strong position for us and we actually feel really good about where we are. There's a couple of factors that are impacting the backlog and if you – which I discussed in my prepared remarks, but essentially Q3 of last year we had a very large booking in a non-target geography that was in our Q3 ending backlog. And we've basically almost run through that project at this point in terms of recognizing the revenue of that backlog. And we didn't have another large booking in non-target geography in Q3 of this year. So if you strip that out, our backlog is actually up 5% year-over-year. And the really important measure for us is looking at our forward revenue coverage. And as I mentioned, we have over four months of backlog coverage covering our forward revenue. And our internal target is around 4%. So we are actually a little bit above our own internal target there. So we continue to see great demand. We have not seen a slowdown in terms of the decision-making. Again, our Consulting projects are really oriented around supporting and driving our clients' mission-critical priorities. And so, in tough times or in good times they still need that help, and Gartner Consulting is there to help them. So again, we feel very good about where the Consulting business is and actually think we're entering Q4 in a position of strength.
Craig W. Safian: Yes, the only thing I'd call out, Patrick, (56:50) is we continue to invest in managing partners and – which is essentially a combination of a sales and delivery resource. The Consulting P&L bears – at the gross margin level, bears the full cost of those managing partners. As we mentioned, we are up about 15% on managing partners on a year-over-year basis. And again, we are making a long-term investment bet on them that they will continue to help us drive consistent performance, consistent backlog growth and consistent revenue burn and recurring revenue with our largest client. So that's the primary driver of that – of that small margin decrease.
Eugene A. Hall: And this is Gene, I will take the acquisition question. So we acquired a company called Supply Chain World – SCM World, and as you may know – so we have a business where we serve IT professionals, which is our largest business with syndicated research. We have two other syndicated research businesses; one is where we serve marketing professionals, another one where we serve supply chain professionals. Both of those are great businesses for us that are much smaller than IT, but are faster growing and have huge market opportunity. The acquisition of supply – SCM World basically is in support of that supply chain business. It's a really terrific company that serves – is focused on serving the largest companies in supply chain and was complementary to the business we had, which was more focused on the middle-market. And so, it basically gives us an additional base for future growth.
Eugene A. Hall: So the – we look at M&A through three lenses; first either – deals that either augment or accelerate our core IT business, so for example in the past we bought META Group, Burton Group and IDEAS International. Second, transactions let us enter adjacent markets. We bought AMR Research; more recently, Software Advice, Nubera and Capterra and, of course, SCM World that we just talked about. And third, we've done what we call a techquisition, where we're purchasing talents and technology to improve operational capabilities; and our acquisition of Senexx and their natural language processing and machine learning expertise fell in that category. And so, that's how we think about acquisitions.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah, Gary, good question. So the – one of our core elements of our strategy is constant improvements in our operational processes and strategy and continuous innovation as well, and so we try to innovate across every part of our business. A few quarters ago when we saw that the market was getting tougher, we decided that we need to really focus on making sure we – we were really good at helping companies in distress. So, we – the first thing we did is developed additional research that is focused on, if you're in distress how do you handle that, so that for companies in distress we're part of the solution, not part of the problem. We're helping them, actually, with whatever their problem is – whatever caused their distress, we're helping them solve it as opposed to part of the problem. And so, the first (36:06) actually updating our research. We then actually trained all of our sales and service people on that research and actually certified every one of them – all of them so that they were able to sit down with a client. So any time a client says, hey, we've got these financial problems, can you help us out, all of our sales and all of our service people knew exactly what to do and exactly how to utilize that research. So it really gets down to the sort of usual things we do, which is recruiting great salespeople, giving them great training – this was an example of the kind of training – and giving them great tools. Again, we had tools to help them understand what the clients' mission-critical priorities are and what the right research is to apply to those particular mission-critical priorities. And those are the things that operationally improved it. We put these things in place starting third and fourth quarter of last year, and then it took through – to get people trained and certified, it took the first six months of this year. And so, now we're really seeing the fruition of all that coming to bear. And again, I see this not as kind of like just one quarter, but this is kind of – it strengthens us on a go-forward basis, and we're going to continue innovating as well. So this is kind of how we run our business and why we've been able to have such great double-digit growth over such a sustained period of time.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah. It's Gene. So as we've talked about in the past, the way that we decide how many salespeople to hire, it's not setting a top corporate level target and then passing it all down. It's looking at each individual sales territory, in particular each area management, each first level manager, and assessing how that manager's doing both individually and in their market and then based on the assessing their operational capability either accelerating or in some cases may be slowing down the rate of growth. We're growing – so you can see us growing virtually everywhere and some places are growing in the single-digit ranges, other places are growing at 25% or even a little bit more, even on sizable groups around the world. And so basically just depends on, again, at a manager level, what do we think the operational capability is to absorb additional sales head count. And of course, that's because we have this incredible market opportunity that we want to go after and what constrains us from capturing that market opportunity is just the amount of sales capacity we have in aggregate.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah, I wouldn't say – unlike we had maybe six months ago, we don't really have any areas that are broadly like countries or geographies or industries. So again, if you went back a few months ago, oil and gas was more problematic for us. As a mentioned on the call, our CV growth rate in energy and utilities now is up 500 basis points just sequentially over the quarter. And so if I look at both geographies and industries and size of companies, we are really seeing growth everywhere and some is faster than others but really very solid great growth in each of – all of those areas.
Eugene A. Hall: So, good questions. So we of course look at what's the impact of growth rate on the quality of hiring and things like that, and that's not the case, meaning that we can higher at 15% a year and have great quality people. We can hire 10% and have equally great quality people. And so the real issue is just, again, what's the operational capability. It's more of an operational capability that determines how fast we're going to hire. And again, because you – as we saw the first half of the year, our CV growth rate ticked down slightly. We were being very careful, again, like I said, at the area manager level saying, what are the places we see operational challenges and slowing a little bit there. Today again we're seeing broad-based strength. And so I think you can translate what that in terms of head count growth. But it's operational capability as opposed to does the rate of hiring affect the quality or productivity.
Eugene A. Hall: So we – our research – every part of our business is continually changing, we introduce innovations all the time and so I gave a specific example. But if you look at like our research content, it is – we make sure – what's most valuable to our clients changes all the time and we have teams of analysts that are focused on making sure research is focused on the most important areas for the analysts. Than beyond that on the product side, we have product innovations happening all the time, and so it's too numerous to list on this call. So in each of our product areas we have product innovations. And then just kind of as one that we did talk about is SCM World which basically gave us a very good innovation in terms of serving the largest supply chain enterprises in the world. And then we also innovate in terms of how we recruit people. So we can identify people most likely to be successful. We innovate in terms of the training. Training is not – it's not kind of – you shouldn't interpret this as like there is just one change and it had an impact and we're done. We do this all the time and adapt to the world – changes of the world. And then tools, we know that – of all people, we know in technology that taking the incredible things you can do it technology today with things like machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural-language processing, we are integrating those into our processes to support our associates whether it be in sales, whether it be in service to make them the most effective they can be.
Eugene A. Hall: I think that's a very accurate way to think about it, which is, again, based on the operational capability we see, we expect in overall our sales force head count is going to grow in the 10% to 15% range and it's going to be based on the operational capability at the manager level.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it's Gene. First, we're still expecting full-year – if you look at our guidance, we are still expecting towards double-digit growth. Our Orlando symposium, we mentioned, the largest event, was sold out for the third year in a row. We also last year had a very strong Events quarter, which creates a strong and kind of a tough comparison point, not to say that we don't like tough comparison, but it does create a tough comparison point. And then the other thing going into Q4 is that there is three particular events and again, remember, we hold more than 60 events a year. These three particular events, they were on two different continents that had a little – that underperformed relative to what we would have expected for operational reasons. So in one case of one of these events – and again, they still had – they still performed well, just not as well as we would have liked. One of them we had an exhibitor sales issue where we didn't get that exactly right. And another one we had an attendee marking issue, didn't get that exactly right; and then the third one, we consolidated three events into one, and one plus one plus one didn't equal three. And so we kind of had three specific events, all coming in Q4. Normally this would be spread through the year and that affects our Q4 results.
Eugene A. Hall: So – it's Gene. So in supply chain, the biggest initiative we've had is the acquisition of SCM World, which, as I said, really gives us a great offering set for the largest companies of the world. And so, you combine kind of our sales capability with that great delivery capability, it really will help accelerate growth of that business. The supply chain business is accretive to our growth. It's been growing faster than average, and so it's driving our growth rate up. It's a huge market. We have an even – we have a small penetration in the IT world. In the supply chain world, we have an even smaller penetration. So it's a huge enormous growth opportunity far into the future for us there. You asked about digital marketing. Our digital marketing business, also, is terrific. The digital marketing business is focused on helping smaller companies – we call them small and midsized companies – with their IT issues, just like we've been doing in the larger enterprise space over time. And we do that through Software Advice, Capterra and GetApp brands. And it's about – again, just like the larger companies, it's helping them solve the IT problems they have, in particular when they want to select pieces of software, finding the right piece of software for each of those businesses in the small and midsized business area.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah. So we would like to have our sales force growth as fast as we can to go capture our market opportunity. When we sell new clients, it's very profitable for us. And so, we want to go as fast as we can do it operationally. And so, we've kind of targeted the kind of 10% to 15% head count range as what we think is – what we could do operationally today. And so, clearly, we're aiming for 15% if we can do it. And again, operationally, if we figure out ways to get it even faster than that, we want to do that as well.
Eugene A. Hall: So, thank you. To summarize the key points of today's call, we've introduced improvements and innovations to provide tremendous value to our clients whether they are thriving or in distress. We're seeing the positive operational impact of these changes with double-digit growth in our major metrics during Q3. Our business gathered momentum throughout Q3, culminating in an extraordinarily strong September. We entered Q4 with strong leading indicators. And based the operational performance of the innovations we introduced, our momentum coming out of Q3 and the strengthening of our leading indicators, we expect to see contract value growth accelerate during Q4 and we also expect sales productivity to improve sequentially over Q3. As I said before, we see this as an inflection point in the performance of our business. We are well on track to deliver another year of double-digit growth in contract value, revenue and earnings, coupled with strong cash flow conversion. Our long-term outlook remains equally strong. And as always, we remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through investment in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again early next year.
Henry Sou Chien: Hi, thanks. It's Henry Chien calling for Jeff. Good morning. So I just was curious if we can get an update on some of the new initiatives that you've rolled out over the past year or so in terms of the supply chain and digital marketing? If we could just get an update on those initiatives and how much of that, if possible, is contributing to some of the acceleration in growth? Thanks.
Henry Sou Chien: Got it. Okay. And just as a follow-up, so it sounds like growth has been pretty measured and has been solid over this past quarter. Just thinking in terms of mid-term to long-term high-level, is this the kind of growth that you want to accelerate over the next, say, two, three years, if these type of trends continue? Thanks.
Henry Sou Chien: Yes, sales head count growth in terms of how you're investing, but just in terms of high-level growth. Is this kind of the level that you would hopefully expect to accelerate or are you trying to keep it at a measured type of this level for the time being? Thanks.
