Gene Hall: Good morning. And thanks for joining us today. Garner drove another strong performance in Q2. We delivered double-digit revenue growth and high-single digit growth in contract value. EBITDA. EBITDA margins, and adjusted EPS came in above expectations as a result of modest revenue upside and disciplined cost management. Free cash flow in the quarter was excellent.  The environment remains highly uncertain. The tech sector continues to adjust to post pandemic demand. The banking industry is grappling with rising interest rates. Many industries continue to be impacted by supply chain challenges and more.  Enterprise leaders and their teams need actionable, objective insight. Gartner is the best source for the insight, tools and advice that make the difference between success and failure for these leaders and the enterprises they serve.  We're helping our clients make better decisions, whether they're thriving or struggling or anywhere in between. We do this through consistent execution of operational best practices.  Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. We guide leaders across all major enterprise functions. Our market opportunity is fast across all sectors, sizes and geographies. We estimate our opportunity at around $200 billion. 95% of our addressable market is with enterprise functional leaders like chief information officers, CFOs, heads of supply chain and more. The balance of the market opportunity is with technology vendors.  In the second quarter, we helped clients with a wide range of topics, including cybersecurity, data analytics, artificial intelligence, remote work, cost optimization and more.  Research revenue grew 7% in Q2. Subscription revenue grew 9% on an organic basis. Total contract value growth was 9%. Contract value for enterprise function leaders continued to grow at double-digit rates.  We serve executives and our teams through distinct sales channels. Global technology sales or GTS stores leaders and their teams within IT. GTS also serves leaders and technology vendors, including CEOs, chief marketing officers and senior product leaders. GTS contract value grew 7%.  GTS sales to enterprise function leaders performed well in the quarter. GTS sales to leaders and technology vendors were affected by technology sector dynamics and tough year-over-year comparisons. We expect sales to technology vendors will return to our target growth rates over the medium term.  Global business sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS contract value grew 15%.  Through relentless execution of proven practices, we're able to deliver unparalleled value to our clients. Our business remains resilient, despite a persistent complicated external environments and tough compares for the technology vendor market.  Gartner Conferences deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. This will be the first full year of in-person conferences since 2019, and we're off to a great start. Attendance is strong. Exhibitor bookings are at record levels, and feedback continues to be excellent. We had a great first half and the outlook for the year is strong.  Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper, extended project-based work. Consulting is an important complement to our IT research business. Consulting revenue grew 6% in the second quarter.  We updated our 2023 guidance, increasing EBITDA and free cash flow. We've revised our non-subscription research revenue to reflect technology vendor dynamics, and our outlook for conferences is higher. Craig will take you through the details.  In closing, Gartner achieved another strong quarter of growth. We deliver unparalleled value to enterprise leaders and their teams across every major function, whether they're thriving, struggling or anywhere in between. We're exceptionally agile and continuously adapt to the changing world. We know the right things to do to be successful in any environment.  Looking ahead, we're well positioned to continue our sustained record of success far into the future. Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long term, sustained, double-digit revenue growth. We expect margins will expand modestly over time, and we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income.  Even as we invest for future growth, we'll return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders. This reduces shares outstanding and increases returns over time.  With that, I'll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian. 
Gene Hall: Our conferences business is a great business of great value proposition. It's doing extremely well. On the attendee side, we're seeing great growth across the board. We're expanding the number of conferences as quickly as we can do it operationally because we're seeing such great take-up.  On the exhibitor side, similarly, because we have such great attendees, it's very attractive to exhibitors. And our exhibitor bookings have been very strong and in line with what we've seen last year, which are also extremely strong. And it's because of the great value proposition we have with both our attendees and with the exhibitors.
Gene Hall: What I say is, on a short term basis, no change Q1 to Q2 in terms of tech vendor demand, very similar, with the exception of the non-subscription business, which is we've talked about. It's our perspective that what happened with Gartner, tech industry is that demand got pulled forward during the pandemic. So, there was some demand that was already filled in. And demand will get back to trend once sort of a little time elapses. And how long that takes, we don't know. But we believe that technology business will get back to trend in the medium term.
Gene Hall: As you pointed out, contract value for enterprise function leaders continue to grow at double digit rates. I will say while we're growing there, that more decisions are getting escalated and there's more scrutiny than there was your like a year ago. So it's a tougher environment in terms of work relations. But at the end of the day, people see our value and vibe, which is why we had that great performance.
Gene Hall: I expected it's little bit in between, actually, that it is a change of topics. But there's more kind of intense interest in the topic of AI than there was in such a short period with cloud. [indiscernible] of it, we did more than 22,000 interactions in the first half. This is a one-on-one calls with our experts on the subject of AI, which is higher than any other single topic and the rate of growth is very high. We're seeing a lot of demand with enterprises that we hadn't seen before where they're saying, hey, could you please come in and talk to us about AI? So we expect that that will be a positive for our business. 
Gene Hall: To your point, we've ramped up our sales force with the lowest number of opens we've had in a long time. And the talent that we're hiring, if you look at kind of how we track the quality of the talent, is very, very high. And we ramped up hiring the most last year. So these people are starting to get a little bit of tenure under their belt. And we expect over the next three years, as they get up to full tenure, that actually the productivity will be very good. And we're seeing the ramp we'd expect at this point.
Gene Hall: The main thing we look at is what our CV growth is. So, we look at what our bookings are and how sales are going because we want to make sure we match our headcount growth to the amount of bookings that we have, and that kind of helps ensure that our focus of business going forward in the right space from both a growth viewpoint as well as margin viewpoint.
Gene Hall: We're looking at AI from a lot of perspectives. The first and most important one is what I talked about earlier, which is there's a tremendous amount of client demand, and we're the best source for clients to get help in AI. And it's of a tremendous interest with them. So that's the key place that we are most focused on.  We actually use AI in our business today. We have for years in different parts of our business. And so, internally, we look at are there cost optimization opportunities we use internally? As I said, we've been doing that. We're increasing the amount of that over time. We're also looking at, can we support provide customer services [indiscernible] enhanced, all those kinds of things.  I'd say, internally, those kinds of uses are going to be normal course of business. We always focus on improved productivity. We have a lot of tools. Technology is a big part of the toolkit. And AI is just one of those tools improving productivity over time, which we've always been focused on.  And so, I don't see any kind of, like, some costs dropping by 50% or something because [indiscernible] part of our ongoing continuous improvement and continuous innovation that we've been doing for years.
Gene Hall: So here's what I'd like you to take away from today's call. Gartner drove another strong performance in Q2. We deliver unparalleled value to enterprise leaders and their teams across every major function, whether they're thriving, struggling or anywhere in between. We're exceptionally agile and continuously adapt to the changing world. We know the right things to do to be successful in any environment.  Looking ahead, we're well positioned to continue our sustained record of success far into the future. Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long-term, sustained, double-digit revenue growth. We expect margins will expand modestly over time, and we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income.  Even as we invest for future growth, we'll return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders. This reduces shares outstanding and increases returns over time.  Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Craig Safian: On the first part of your question, the subscription revenue piece of our business continues to perform very well. As you noted, we do have the tech vendor dynamics impacting the business, but GBS continues to be very strong. The IT and user portion of GBS continues very, very strong. Your point on the CV growth for each of those and the new business dynamics for each of those were spot on in the quarter. And so, essentially, the revision to guidance, where we thought we were going to be from a subscription perspective, it's the non-sub piece that really impacted the guidance. I think – and Gene will hop in here too – the way to think about the impact, so clearly, as we talked about, the non-sub business has direct exposure to tech vendor marketing spending, and that has become very constrained over the last few quarters and more constrained in the first half of this year. And that's essentially what's impacting that business.  We do believe that when the tech vendor market stabilizes, that this will get back to being a great growth business for us, just like it will within the GBS subscription part of the business as well. We're just dealing with a little bit of those temporary dynamics that we're talking about. And again, having two quarters of history to be able then to look forward, with the facts we saw in the first half of the year, that led to that revision, but again solely on the non-subscription part of the business.
Craig Safian: I think the trends on the enterprise function leader part of the business were pretty consistent from Q1 to Q2, so nothing within the quarter and really nothing too much from a variability perspective from Q1 to Q2. So those businesses continue to perform very well. And our expectation is they continue to perform very well. So, nothing really to see there from a monthly perspective or from quarter to quarter perspective.
Craig Safian: The only thing I'd add is just underscore your point on the broad applicability of AI being a little bit different than some other topics because, to your point, finance leaders care about it, legal leaders care about it, HR leaders care about it, in addition to IT leaders and their teams caring about it. So there is the potential that is a little more broad based to your point than prior technology lens.
Craig Safian: On the margins, as we've talked about, the margins can pop around a little bit from quarter to quarter, depending on spending trends and where the revenue is trending as well. And so, our margins were a little bit higher than we had initially anticipated in the first half of the year.  And I'd say it's really just a combination of revenue modestly exceeding our expectations in the first half and expenses modestly being a little bit below our expectations. Or said another way, we're just more prudently managing our OpEx as we work our way through the year.  So, again, margins can pop around. There's no mega trends there, I would say, other than a little bit of modest revenue upside and us making sure that – again, we talked about, in our prepared remarks, really carefully calibrating our headcount levels and our OpEx levels to ensure that we deliver consistently strong margins.
Craig Safian: We are back to what we believe to be roughly the new normal from both T&E perspective. And last year, in particular, we were playing catch-up on hiring throughout the course of the year. And so, as you look at our operating expenses now, I think we're at pretty "normal level" of operating expenses. And so, what we're looking at from Q2 through the end of this year is normal seasonality from an OpEx perspective with our new normal levels of T&E minus headcount growth and make sure that we're investing for the future, et cetera, kind of baked in. So I think it is a good, normalized, if you will, OpEx level that we're working off of this year. 
Craig Safian: Yeah, I think there's a few things in there. One is the seasonality with our Conferences business. We are performing really, really well in Conferences. And Q4 is by far our largest Conference quarter. And that means you generally see expenses up in the fourth quarter just to deliver those conferences. And then because it's the fourth quarter, because we have so many conferences, there's a lot of additional travel and marketing activity that spikes in the fourth quarter as well, which, again, is sort of back to our typical seasonality that we had from an OpEx perspective pre-pandemic.  So if you think about OpEx, it's relatively flattish from 2Q to Q3. A little bit of step down because it's a lighter conferences quarter and then a pretty big step up in OpEx from Q3 to Q4, driven by the conferences calendar, significant travel to support our conferences calendar, and marketing to support the conferences calendar and the close of our year as well.  We are running a number of scenarios and we are planning in a very agile way in terms of the headcount that we plan to add between now and the end of this year. And there's a wide range of scenarios. And we've got a wide range of recruiting scenarios as well.  One of the things that we've been very careful about is making sure that we maintain our recruitment capacity, so that when supercharged growth returns, we are more than ready to turn that dial from a recruitment perspective. So we're maintaining our recruitment capacity, and we're ready to tune those dials up or down, depending on what the second half of the year looks like, predominantly from a contract value growth perspective. 
Craig Safian: I think important to disaggregate the enterprise function leader portion of GTS and the tech vendor portion of GTS. So, overall, we are still well over 100% on wallet retention, and that's with the enterprise function portion of our GTS wallet retention being above historical averages. And so, we expect that to continue.  The tech vendor side, wallet retention is a rolling four quarter metric. And so, we'll have these more challenging quarters in the number for a little while. But I would say we don't forecast wallet retention. I shouldn't say we don't forecast it, we don't guide wallet retention or contract value. But given that the enterprise function leader part of the GTS business is the predominant part of it, call it 70-ish percent of the business, that continues to be very strong, and that should drive the wallet retention over the coming quarters.
Craig Safian: I think one of our core goals with pricing is to make sure that, at a minimum, we are offsetting our projected wage inflation. And so, the past few years, when we were seeing higher wage inflation, we went a little bit stronger on price increase.  This year, again, the labor market, for the type of people that we are recruiting is still relatively strong. But the wage inflation we expect to be a little bit more muted. We're still working through all the details of the price increase, which, again, to your point, goes into effect in November. But I would suspect it's a little bit lighter than what we've done the last few years, just given the inflationary environment, particularly wage inflationary environment, had abated a little bit.
Craig Safian: Within the non-subscription part of the business, which, again, represents around 8% – or less than 10% of, let's call it, of our overall research revenue, the predominant way we derive revenue there is through lead generation for tech vendors and really focus on the, I call it, non-enterprise IT market. So, smaller businesses, et cetera.  And so, our GTS business is really focused on enterprise tech companies, whereas the non-subscription business is really focused on a combination of enterprise and really small business focused technology companies. And so, that's where we've seen, on the small technology companies, the companies most focused on selling into small businesses, that's where we've seen the biggest challenge.  Again, you've covered all the things that are happening in the tech market from funding and the overall dynamics there. But as those companies are recalibrating their operating expenses, clearly, marketing and lead gen is a place that they often look to get a big handle on. And I think that's what's happening.  That said, they are still spending and spending well in that business. And as Gene mentioned earlier, and I think I mentioned too, we fully expect, once the market is recalibrated, it will get back to growing, but it's predominantly around the lead gen stuff and the focus on lead gen in smaller businesses.
Craig Safian: I think it's been relatively consistent with normal levels of volatility week to week and actually even day to day, but trends pretty consistent Q1 to Q2. And what we've modeled into our guide is essentially stabilization from those Q2 levels for the balance of the year. 
Craig Safian: 100% of the revenue comes from tech vendors in the non-subscription part of the business. So, 100% of that less than 10% of our overall Research business is tech vendor focused. 
