Jeffrey Meuler: I guess the short version of the question is to quantify modestly better [indiscernible]. CV looks pretty good to me. The commentary sounds positive, lots of pockets of good growth. So, just any help kind of reconciling that language with a fairly modest increase to the full year revenue guidance at a point in the year where I would think it's early enough in the year where you'd see the benefits? So, would love any quantification on what modestly better in June means and any other considerations that could be a headwind other than just the generally uncertain environments and, I guess, the point-in-time revenue decline. 
Jeffrey Meuler: Any just other kind of reconciliation factors you would provide or just something I'll end up be considering on why the revenue guidance increase looks fairly modest? Maybe it's just the methodology of assuming the late March into Q2 kind of trends continue for the balance of the year. 
Jeffrey Meuler: And then last, just GBS, if you'll permit a favorable question about GBS, it's been a while. I guess I was surprised at how resilient it's been and how little it decelerated year-over-year. And I know you've been saying forever that it's a bigger, bigger opportunity than GTS. But I was thinking there's less cost optimization research in the library, less tenured staff, the marketing challenges you're working through. So, I don't know if you were equally surprised by that, but would love any additional color on I guess the relative GBS performance.
Eugene Hall: Hey, Jeff. It's Gene. So, we can't really quantify the difference, but what I'll tell you is, if we look at kind of the performance during the quarter, June was definitely a trend. It was a better selling environment than the previous couple months. And so, that's kind of what we said in our remarks. And I think we can't quantify it any more than that. 
Eugene Hall: Basically, we've been saying long, as you mentioned, that the value proposition in GBS is really the same value proposition in GTS, meaning that we identify clients' mission critical priorities and we help them with those mission critical priorities. And every function has priorities that are just as important. They're different by function. Again, you're not worried about cybersecurity and HR, but you may be worried about building a more effective diversity and inclusion program. And it's just as important to the HR leaders. And so, our research is focused on what are the mission critical priorities that these leaders are going to face and helping them to address those mission critical priorities in the best and most cost effective way you can.  That's been kind of what we've been saying all along. And I guess you kind of see it there in terms of what's going on with GBS. 
Eugene Hall: If you think about the way that we have – Craig described this a bit earlier, which is, we didn't know how bad or how deep the downturn was going to be. So, we put on a pretty hard hiring freeze, very, very selective hiring, everything else frozen, that included research analysts, that included salespeople, product development, et cetera. And so, as we've seen kind of how our performance is and how the market is, we want to make sure we maintain, to your point, the right number of analysts, the right sales capacity, the ability to develop and introduce new products, et cetera.  So, we're basically bringing back that capacity, so that we're very well positioned, especially beginning in 2021 to re accelerate growth. There are some expenses that we don't need to bring back, and that will be like travel expenses. Today, we're lucky, in that as an information services company, we can work with our clients – we're doing very, very well working with our clients remotely. And so, our travel expenses have dropped dramatically this year. That doesn't hurt our future growth or anything like that. It sort of goes with the environment.  And so, for the things that really affect future growth, like research, sales, product development, that's the places that we are making sure we have the investments in place. And that's reflected in the forecast. For the things that kind of go with the environment like travel or the reductions in our Conferences business, that's the other category. 
Eugene Hall: So, it's clearly a work in progress. But we've done some pilots, as we've mentioned before. Those went very well in terms of understanding how clients feel about it. And what we found is that attendees still want to go to conferences. And in this environment, virtual, they're very happy to go to. And so, we think we can get really good attendance at conferences.  With exhibitors, one of their best sources of clients is conferences. So, they're very interested in working with us to find ways that work for them as well as the attendees. And I feel very good that we will find some of those things as we experiment throughout the remaining months of the year.  Looking to the future, actually, this whole move to virtual will be good for us because we're kind of seeing that, in the future, there's probably going to be a mix of both in-person and virtual conferences, and we'll develop those virtual conference skills during this period. 
Eugene Hall: As we talked about a little bit earlier, we do expect, based on the running out or extrapolating the math that we have seen in the second quarter that CV will continue to decelerate. As we talked about last quarter, based on everything we see today, we don't think it will be anywhere near what we experienced in the last great recession, back a little over a decade ago. But with these sort of trends, we will continue to see, until there is stabilization or recovery, some glide down on the CV growth.  As we talked about, the CV is holding up really, really nicely, both on the GTS and GBS side, both being around 7% for the quarter, but we would expect some continued modest degradation in those CV growth rates if current trends continue. 
Eugene Hall: Andrew, as I said, we're kind of at the early stage with virtual conferences. The pilots have been successful, in the sense that we know that clients will come to them, we know clients – and the same kind of numbers are larger even than with in-person conferences because you don't have to travel. And we know clients rate them very highly. And we know they're less expensive to hold than destination conferences. In terms of the whole financial equation, we're still figuring that out. And so, I think it would be premature to kind of say we've got that figured out yet. I don't know, Craig, you want to add to that. 
Eugene Hall: Well, as you know, our contract authorization business helps our clients save money. And in this kind of environment, there's a lot of interest in being able to save money. So, I think that we're getting – we're at a very good selling environment for that kind of a product.  Having said that, at any point in time, even when the economy is booming, there's always companies, to their trouble, who want to save money and well-run companies want to save money as well. And so, I'd say I see that business as – it's a relatively small business in Gartner. It's going to stay relatively small business in Gartner. But I do think it will grow along with the rest of the company. 
Eugene Hall: Let me give you a little color around it. So, if I think about GTS, the kind of deceleration that's going on, there's different components of it. One is that we sell new enterprises. There's clients that have never been a client of Gartner. That amount of business actually is about, for GTS, about the same year-over-year. So, we're not just seeing a deceleration in our ability to sell to new enterprises who've never been with Gartner.  We saw about a third of the deceleration is from enterprises that left Gartner. They used to be with us and they left us. Another third is from enterprises that stay with us, but historically have grown, but they didn't grow. So, it looks like deceleration because instead of buying another seat or two, they actually stayed flat. Whereas in past years, that's a significant part of growth. And the last third is clients who might have four seats and they go to a less expensive – looking for seats, but use a less expensive seat. So, downgrade. So, going from one seat that had a higher service level to a lower service level.  And so, what we're really seeing is new business with clients with new enterprises flat year-over-year. A little uptick in lost enterprises, which is about a third of the difference if you look at CD growth. And then, the other two-thirds from existing clients not growing that would have grown before or from clients that are still with us, same number of seats, but choose, for one of the seats, a lower service level, which obviously looks like a reduction in CV.  And my interpretation of it is people see a lot of value. Most of the deceleration is not due to clients leaving us. In a tough environment, people make tough choices and sort of say, 'hey, I have four seats, I want to keep my four seats, but let's take one to a little lower service level,' et cetera. And so, that kind of gives you a little color in terms of what's going on under the covers.  So, it would be wrong to think that our clients are leaving us more than they did before. There's some of that, and that's not the biggest piece of it. The biggest piece is we're not getting the upgrades, the growth we would have gotten from additional seats with existing clients.  And secondly, some clients are – rather than giving up seats, downgrading the service level, but keeping the seats because the value they see.
Eugene Hall: The numbers I was giving were not about new business per se. It was about the change in CV growth. So, it incorporates both existing and new business. If somebody chooses a lower price seat, that's a lower dollar retention. 
Eugene Hall: So, first, I'd say that, in this environment, decision cycles are definitely longer than they were a year ago and we definitely see that. So, I would say there's less demand, so there are longer decision cycles because there's often another review. Like, for example, maybe the CIO made the decision before and now it's got to go to the CFO. And that may take another two weeks or 30 days to actually get a decision done.  And we're seeing demand in areas you'd expect. So, it's things like cost optimization, building a digital business, things like that. 
Eugene Hall: So, so there's clearly been both an industry and geography aspect of this. Craig went through some of the numbers earlier in terms of our overall business. We're seeing good overall demand. But as you can expect, there's tougher selling environments. If you're selling into some aspect of the travel business, so many of those companies are hit very hard and they're still buying from us, but it's a much tougher selling environment than it was a year ago. 
Eugene Hall: So, as you heard today, excluding the impact of Conferences, our company revenues were strong. We have an unparalleled value proposition across all major enterprise functions. Our clients are facing more disruptive change than ever before. And Gartner is the best source for the cost effective, relevant insights that empower leaders to succeed amid ongoing uncertainty.  We continue to have an advanced untapped market opportunity and we know the right things to do to capture that opportunity in thriving or uncertain times.  Looking ahead, we expect to come out of this recession strong and well positioned to drive long-term sustained double-digit growth in revenues, earnings and free cash flow for years to come.  Thanks again for joining us. And I look forward to updating you again next quarter. 
Craig Safian: Absolutely. The way I think about it is obviously we have the experience from March and April, which we talked about in the last earnings call. You saw the Q2 experience. And so, what I'd say overall is, from a new business perspective, I think we were modestly better than what we experienced in March and April. When we talked about new business being down in the 20-ish – down year-over-year around 20%. As you saw, GTS was down 14% and GBS was down 8%. So, new business definitely outperformed our expectations from that perspective.  Retention was a little more challenging than we had seen in March and April. And so, again, we've sort of dialed those two new updates through our exploration skew and normal trending of bookings and new business for the balance of the year.  The one thing I would add, though, is that – I think I made this comment in the prepared remarks – there's certainly more risk on the non-subscription pieces of the research business. Obviously, we've got great forward visibility on the subscription run out and feel really good about those numbers. But because of the macroenvironment, there's definitely more uncertainty on the non-subscription pieces. 
Craig Safian: The way to sort of read the phasing and what's been going on, obviously, in March and April, when we really didn't know how bad or how deep or how broad the macro impact was going to be from the pandemic, we very quickly put the brakes on lots of spending across the board. And it was the right thing to do. We had to make sure that we were taking a balanced approach towards the balance of year, that we were maintaining liquidity, maintaining flexibility, all that stuff. And so, you really saw that start to flow through primarily in Q2. And some of the Q2 performance or overperformance was driven by revenue being modestly better than expected. And a lot of it was driven by us avoiding more costs than we had initially dialed in.  Where we sit today is trying to find that balance between making sure that we're delivering on our financial commitments and delivering on our EBITDA and other targets, but also making sure that we are investing in the business and restoring expenses that we think are extraordinarily important for us to get through this year and, more importantly, serve as sort of a jumping off point when there is a recovery.  And so, the way to think about the balance of the year is, as an example, in Q2, we weren't immediately backfilling open roles even in certain research or service positions. We've now stabilized ourselves and have good line of sight for the balance of the year. And so, we're backfilling those roles, and we're actually making selective growth hires where we think there's a high possibility for return and payback on that and also starting to restore certain expenses.  And so, we are looking at it on a full year basis, not necessarily on a Q2 versus Q3 basis, but it's largely about, we stabilize the business, and we want to make sure that we are putting back into the business the right costs and targeted spends, so that when there is a macro recovery, we're poised to leap off of that. 
Craig Safian: And Gary, I guess the one thing I'd add is, I think we can do both, which is manage for profitability and great free cash flow performance now, and also make sure that we're making those targeted spend, so that when there is a recovery, as Gene and I both mentioned, we're ready to rebound very quickly with it. So, it's not an either/or for us, we think, in this environment. We can do both. 
Craig Safian: I'll start and then Gene can follow-up. So, we're not pegging any sort of timing for recovery as it stands right now. We're obviously watching the markets and watching everything going on just like you and everyone else on this call is doing. And so, there's no pinpointed time for recovery that we're planning around. I think what we want to make sure we do is, number one, continue to deliver great value to our clients who do really need us. And so, we don't want to do anything that degrades our ability to do that now. At the same time, we also don't want to make short-term decisions around reducing expenses that impinge upon our ability to actually rebound when there is a recovery. And so, again, what we're talking about now is not specifically when we pivot and when there is a rebound, but really about making sure that we have ample capacity from a selling perspective, from a servicing perspective, from a research analyst perspective, et cetera, so that when there is a rebound, we are poised to take advantage of it. 
Craig Safian: I would add one point. That business performed very well last year. So, there are tough compares in the back half of the year, but I would echo everything Gene said about the great value that it provides to clients in any sort of economic situation, but particularly in this one. Yeah, there's definitely real value there for clients. But again, tough compares in the second half of the year for that business. 
Craig Safian: You're right. It is tough to guide in this environment. So, thanks for the prelude there. So, we don't guide on contract value. And we're not changing that policy now. I think the way to sort of think about it is we're obviously now comparing our business trends to what was a normal year a year ago, first half of 2019 and second half of 2019.  So, if the economy doesn't recover or we don't see broad-based recoveries around the world, when we get into 2021, we're now comparing to pandemic-impacted results. And so, you would expect, at that point, if we continue at current course and speed with sort of – this sort of retention result and this sort of new business pacing that the contract value growth would stabilize. I'm not going to peg a number where we think that is, as we've talked about. We do believe that, based on everything we're seeing, the trough is a lot higher than it was during the last downturn for us. But that's as close as you're going to get us sort of pegging a number on it.  But, again, I think the thing that, as we look at the business, and it is tough out there, but our teams are doing a really fantastic job of sort of cutting through the tougher selling environment. And the sheer volume of new business that we're writing is really great. Yes, it's less than we did a year ago, but we're bringing on new logos, we're growing accounts, we're adding new seats, we're adding new subscriptions, doing that across the board. And so, again, I think if we have another 12 months of this, you would see the CV growth stabilize because we'd be comparing to a similarly impacted period when we get 12 months from now. 
Craig Safian: So, Jeff, we're not going to guide for next year. All we're saying is, we would expect when there is an economic recovery for our CV to rebound. And as you know, there's a lag between when that revenue comes, and so we're going to make sure that we scale our business and invest in core things in relation to the contract value, not necessarily the accounting revenue run out. And so, in doing that, that can create some us margin headwinds. That's what we're really saying about 2021. We fully expect to recover, we fully expect to return to growth. But because of the lag in the revenue recognition on the subscription based business, we could see some modest margin headwinds. 
Craig Safian: So, within the Research segment, about 10% of the research revenue, roughly, falls into the non-subscription category. And that is made up of a couple of different revenue lines. One is our online businesses, Capterra, Software Advice and GetApp. And then, there's some other non-subscription type research services that fall into that category as well.  Last quarter, we talked about an expectation that that would be down about 10% to 15% year-over-year. That's sort of what the implied guide reflects as well for the balance of the year for those businesses. And so, about 10% of research revenue and down about 10% to 15% for the balance of the year. 
Craig Safian: Let me cover the numbers and then Gene can talk about the strategy and how we're thinking about headcount growth. So, a couple points, and I'll cover first GTS and then GBS.  So, with GTS, as you mentioned, headcount growth is down about 4% year-over-year. Our intention for the balance of the year is to get that number back up well over 3,100 frontline quota-bearing people. So, we expect to exit the year over 3,100 people, which would put us down a little bit on a year-over-year basis. And part of the reason why it's not up necessarily or I would say optically is down is we actually exited 2019 with a pretty significant bench. So, people on our payroll, who were either in training or had just graduated from training, who weren't yet in territory, and over the first six months of the year, the team did a really good job of making sure we got all those people deployed. And so, our selling capacity is actually in pretty good shape because we've now deployed that bench and have them out there on the frontline selling. And so, we'd expect our year-over-year headcount growth to be down modestly, our year-over-year, as we exit 2020. But from a selling capacity perspective, we feel in pretty good shape. From a GBS perspective, we hit the brakes there hard. We did a lot of work around territory optimization, and we also froze hiring there when we were doing our cost avoidance and cost reduction programs. Our expectation is to get back to about flat for the full year for GBS. And so, while down 9% year-over-year now, we would expect to end 2020 in roughly where we ended 2019, which was – we ended 2019 with 869. So, think in that neighborhood is our target for where we want to end from GBS headcount perspective.  Gene, I don't know if there's anything you want to add to that. 
Craig Safian: So, the marketing is something we obviously – we knew about and told everyone as we were exiting 2019 to expect it. So, that's sort of the one-time headwind that we knew about and are dealing with. And again, the goal of it is to improve the profitability of that business in a normal environment. And we're well on the way to being able to do that.  I wouldn't call out any one-time benefits. I think that the team has done a really, really good job of, again, fighting through the tougher selling environment, with GBS new business only being down 8% year-over-year, I think was really strong relative performance for that business.  We called out the fact that every major function is contributing to the overall seat growth, with the exception of marketing, which we just talked about. And so, the business is performing pretty well.  And, again, as Gene elaborated, I think with the first question, it's because the value proposition is consistent with what we've done forever from a GTS perspective. 
