Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it's -- the selling environment is the same. Basically, our selling is limited by the amount of sales capacity we have. There's essentially unlimited demand. It's a matter of how fast we can get to clients and educate them on the value of our services. And so in essence, the selling environment that we see is exactly as it was last year. Last year, at this time, we had -- and throughout the year had kind of infinite demand, and we have the same situation today.
Eugene A. Hall: So we basically would -- I have said in the past, would continue this, which is as we -- we like to grow our sales force 15% to 20% a year. We're going to grow at the lower end when we see sales productivity not advancing as fast as we'd like and the higher end when we see the productivity there. And so you can interpret that we'll be kind of at the 15% end because we think there's an opportunity to continue to improve sales productivity and we want to focus on that at this point. Again, during the year, if that changes and we see productivity tick up, we'd accelerate our hiring during the year.
Eugene A. Hall: So we had double-digit growth, as you mentioned, across all the geographies around the world. We had double-digit growth across virtually every industry segment, and the couple of segments that weren't were just below. So they rounded down as opposed to rounded up, perhaps, to double digit. So it's not like one fell off and went -- was mid-single digit or something like that. It's just slightly below double digit, a couple of segments..
Eugene A. Hall: I take it as noise basically because, as I said, last quarter they were above. This quarter, they were below.
Eugene A. Hall: Sure, Peter. It's my favorite subject. We are -- basically, there's 3 areas we're working on. The first is recruiting, making sure we recruit people that are really well-suited to be successful at Gartner. And because we have associates around the world, obviously, it's not as simple as just recruiting for the right kind of person in just the U.S. or just New York City. And so the first piece is recruiting. The second piece is training, and training both for our new hires, as well as for our experienced people. With our rapid sales force growth, we've got to be prepared to give managers great training to equip them, as we have many new managers with our growth, with the promotions people get. And obviously, there's so many new people coming onboard. We've also have a lot of innovation in our offerings and what's going on in the technology world, and so we need to keep our salespeople up on that. That's another important part of the training. And then lastly, it's productivity enhancing tools. And so we, basically, continually have a set of -- continually enhance the set of tools that we give our salespeople to help them be more productive, things like what are the most important topics that our clients are going to care about, and automating certain parts of the selling process so that it doesn't take a salesperson's time. And in fact, it's an automated part of the process. So those are really the 3 areas that we're focused on.
Eugene A. Hall: No. I think, basically, what's going on with the productivity is that clients get a lot of value in our services whether they're growing, whether they're shrinking. When they are shrinking, the selling cycle is a little harder than it is than if they're growing. So I think the primary thing that affected our sales productivity is if you look again like in Europe, as I mentioned on my comments, on my prepared comments, the economy actually shrank in Europe, and we grew at double digit there. Now if it hadn't been such terrible -- so many companies in so much trouble, then I think our sales productivity would have ticked up quite a bit. But again, if you look at the global macroeconomic environment, there were many -- a higher portion of the companies or institutions that were facing big budget cuts, those selling environments are a little bit tougher. And again, we're very successful there. But it's a little bit tougher and it, I think, had a bit of an impact. That's why our sales productivity didn't grow as we would have liked it to.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, so -- it's Gene. So that business is a business -- and we've talked about in the past, it's a fairly lumpy business, meaning there's a few deals that decide whether -- how that business a few meaning on the order of they might do 100 deals a year, something like that. And so the -- if you have a few more deals or few less deals, that's what swings that business. And it -- the way it works is it's on a contingency fee basis so -- most of the business. So what happens is that a client negotiates a deal, we come in and we can help them, and they buy, get it cheaper, then we make -- we get paid in that business. If we help them and they don't buy, we don't get paid. And so that's what the nature of the business is. So we can do a lot of work with the clients. And if they actually decide not to purchase from the vendor that we work on, because it's contingency fee basis, we don't get paid. So by its intrinsic nature, it's not kind of a recurring revenue or a smooth business, it's very lumpy. And it was at the -- we had a couple of years -- in last 3 or 4 years, it's been the higher end of lumpy. And the last year, unfortunately, was the lower end of lumpy.
Eugene A. Hall: So, as I mentioned, we had great performance in Europe, double-digit growth in -- overall in most of the countries, including some of the most challenged countries. We're not seeing -- in terms of our business, we're not seeing any change this year compared to last year, so we're expecting great growth again in Europe this year. And I really can't -- couldn't comment on -- so our clients are vying for position just like they did last year. I don't really see any change in the overall macroeconomic environment just from our perspective on it.
Eugene A. Hall: So we're in 85 countries today, and we expect to be -- we're not planning to add more countries. It would be on a very selective basis if we did. And in essence, all those countries have tremendous growth opportunities, and the -- we're pretty much growing at good double-digit rates in virtually all of them. I mean, again, there could be some exceptions around in 85, but they all have kind of -- our level of penetration is very little in all of them. I mean, even in the U.S., as we've talked about, we have a very low level of penetration of our opportunities, even in the U.S., where we've had the longest presence. And so we don't have -- when we look out to 5 years, we see -- we should have -- we certainly have the opportunity for great double-digit growth in every one of those 85 countries.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. Basically, we -- as I mentioned in my remarks, we think there's lots of room to improve our sales productivity, and that's kind of at the heart of what's going on. So it's less about the macro environment. It's really about our improving sales productivity, and we think that there's plenty of room in sales productivity. We think we know what to do to do it, and we have programs to do it. So if you look at our 3-year time period, we're expecting sales productivity will continue to go up, and that will result in accelerating growth over time.
Eugene A. Hall: As I mentioned earlier, when clients have budget cuts, it's harder to sell than when clients are growing and have lots of money. We can be very successful in the environment we are. But it does -- I think what happened last year is that in a stable economic environment, our sales productivity would have increased. But because the global economy decelerated, kind of it offset our -- the improvements that we had in the pipeline there. And so again, we're going to make improvements. And hopefully, the global economy will at least remain stable and won't decelerate any further.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. And I want to make sure that I invite you again to our Investor Day, which is next Thursday, 14th of February. No better way to spend Valentine's Day than at a Gartner investor conference. We look forward to seeing you then.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, Peter. It's Chris. I just commented, I think, during my remarks that the assumption in our guidance is that sales productivity remains at 2012 levels. As Gene said, we also do not anticipate the economic environment changing. So with those 2 factors, we thought it was prudent to assume in our guidance that it would stay roughly where we are today in both of those -- with both of those.
Christopher J. Lafond: So I think you need to look at it in the multiple pieces, Peter. So if you start with the 3 businesses, as we talk about all the time, we have great incremental margins in all 3 businesses. 70% in Research, as you know, we're at 68%, so we still have a little bit of room there for expansion. But we've moved that from 58% to where we are today. So we've made some big movements over the last few years, and now we're hitting and approaching our 70% number, still a little bit of room there for improvement. The Events business, incrementally around 50%, and we still have a little bit of room there. And Consulting ultimately at 40%, and we still have a little bit of room there. So you still see a little bit of room on the top line, and also you get the continued mix shift. So Research has been shifting and went from below 60% to now over 70% of revenues. So we've moved that significantly, and that shift will still give us a little bit certainly starting to approach a number were, while it could still grow, not as fast as we saw in the past. That's kind of what's happening on the gross margin side. When you go below the line, we still believe we'll get G&A, infrastructure, expansion opportunities. So I think if you're looking at our expectations for 2013, we're still expecting G&A to be a lower percentage of revenue. And then the big driver moving forward is sales productivity. So over time, we expect that as sales productivity improves, we start to see the S as a percent of revenue start to flatten and come down. As you know, that's been inching up as we've expanded our sales force. So those are the main drivers of margin expansion in EBITDA. We still feel extraordinarily comfortable that we'll continue to deliver margin expansion over time.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, we still believe 50 to 150 basis points is absolutely realistic. And you're going to get more towards the high end as you get real sales productivity expansion, and you'll be more at the low end as sales productivity stays flatter. And that's what you're seeing kind of in our guidance.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, it was pretty much consistent across the board, so no big differences in terms of one area. I think, any of the differences were pretty minor and I'd put in the category of noise as opposed to something significant.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes. So what I mentioned was, if you look back in 2011, we did about 40 -- a little over $40 million of revenue for Contract Optimization. This year, we did just about $30 million, and it is extraordinarily profitable. And I think 80% of that flows through, so you're talking about an $8 million year-over-year change to EBITDA. And that, by itself, is one of the biggest drivers of the year-over-year EBITDA delta that people were looking at versus consensus, I believe.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, so if it bounces back -- so as I also talked about in my remarks, we're not expecting it to grow. We expect it to be exactly where it is this year. Should that be different, you'll see incremental revenue and an 80% flow-through of that incremental revenue. So it will bounce right back through to profitability should it recover.
Christopher J. Lafond: Kelly, it's Chris. Not with all related to that. So I think if you look at the core Consulting business, that business actually grew 6% for us in 2012, which is great. It's much faster than actually it's been growing in the past, up towards the higher end of our range. So when you look at Consulting, if you look at backlog, if you look at margin expansion and utilization, all of those things in that core business, which, again, is 90% of the Consulting business, had a really nice strong performance, and the whole delta is driven out of this one area. That just happens to be such a high incremental margin. So we feel great about the rest of that business.
Christopher J. Lafond: Sure, Brian. There's probably a couple of things there. So if you look at 2 things, cash taxes and CapEx. CapEx has increased slightly. As you know, we're pretty low in terms of CapEx. We -- over the last couple of years, I think last year when you net out the reimbursements from our landlord, we spent, I think, $29 million in '11, $31 million in '12. And next year, it's inching up to $34 million. So you have a little bit more. We think that's absolutely the right investments to make in our business for all the things we're talking about, whether that's sales productivity or other things that will drive the business. So we still think that's a relatively low percentage for a company of our size, but that's inching up a bit. And as we've told you over time, cash taxes has inched up a bit. So those 2 things are the drivers. There's nothing other than that, that's fundamentally changed in terms of our cash flow dynamics.
Christopher J. Lafond: I think it's important to note, when we set our long-term, 15% to 20% for Research and all of our long-term objectives, we did not assume that the world was always in spectacular 2007 economic environment. We expect in normal economic times, and as Gene said, we're doing lots of things to work on sales productivity. So I don't think you should read into our numbers that it has to be a perfect economic environment for us to achieve those kind of numbers. We don't believe that.
