Eugene A. Hall: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings call. Q2 was a robust quarter with strong performances across our business. As on prior calls, I'll review our key operating metrics on an FX neutral basis. We do business in more than 90 countries around the world. And with ongoing currency fluctuations, that's the best way to understand the underlying health of our business. For the second quarter of 2016, total company revenues grew 12% and we continue to see robust demand for our products and services. Research, which is our largest and most profitable segment, achieved 17% revenue growth over the same quarter last year. These results were driven by double-digit contract value growth and contributions from our recent acquisitions. Our contact value grew 13% with double-digit growth in every region, across every client size and in, virtually, every industry. Client retention and wallet retention were strong at 83% and 104% respectively, while down modestly from our recent all-time highs. Our Consulting segment deepens relationships with our largest clients. And for Q2, our Consulting business achieved 6% revenue growth with utilization up 1-point over the same quarter last year. Backlog, which is a leading indicator of future revenue growth for this business segment, grew 15% over this time last year. Our Events segment continues to drive strong growth by extending our brand. For the second quarter 2016, Event revenues were up 16% on a same events basis. We hosted more than 15,000 attendees across 25 events that we held in the quarter. Our results reflect the tremendous value we deliver to our clients. Technology is critical for every enterprise around the world. Every enterprise has cybersecurity risks. Every enterprise is worried about technology disruption. And technology is the key to fueling cost reduction, whether enterprise is funding new growth initiatives or improving margins. Enterprises know they need help. And Gartner is the best and most cost-effective source for that help. Our clients rely on us for independent, objective, fact-based insights for making critical technology decisions. Our services deliver tremendous value, and in most cases pay back many times over. There're a number of factors in the global economy today that impact our clients. Economic growth has slowed in countries around the world. Oil and other commodity prices have fallen dramatically. Exchange rates are at levels that challenge U.S. exporters and challenge non-U.S. importers. And most recently, there's Brexit. As a result of these factors, we see a higher proportion of our clients with financial challenges compared to the past few years. In the U.S., the S&P 500 is having its fourth consecutive quarter of negative earnings growth. In Europe, the S&P 350 is expected to have negative earnings growth this year. In any of our markets, we always have clients who are doing great, clients who are doing okay and clients who are in economic distress. We know how to be successful with all clients, whether they're thriving or in financial distress, which is why we've consistently delivered double-digit growth in every geography, in virtually every industry and across every client site segment. However, when clients are in distress, decisions like those can get extended as they scrutinize every expense. Because of the pervasive criticality of technology and the incredibly strong value we deliver, we win with these clients. The decisions like those can take longer, which has led to a modest reduction in our growth rate. With an enterprise that's thriving or facing economic challenges, Gartner is the insight and advise our clients need to achieve the success in their mission-critical priorities. So summarizing, we had a very robust Q2 with strong performances across our business. Our client base is highly diversified with more than 10,000 client enterprises, in every size from the largest in the world to the smallest, and more than 90 countries and across every industry. We had double-digit contract value growth in all geographies, all client sizes and virtually all industries. We've a huge untapped market opportunity. We've robust demand for offerings and our pipeline is strong, and we're not standing still. We attract the best talent in the industry. We continue to invest in innovations to improve our content, products, hiring, training and tools to drive continued improvement in our operational effectiveness. We're committed to enhancing shareholder value through investment in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. Our 2016 and long-term outlook is strong. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Craig.
Eugene A. Hall: Right. Hey, Tim. It's Gene. So, to get to the last part first, we didn't see in the quarter anything we could directly trace to Brexit on anything. So, within Q2, I'd say, we couldn't pick up any direct impact of Brexit. With regard to sort of elaborate a little, if you think about selling – I'll use Brazil as an example. If you're selling to an enterprise in Brazil, whether it's public sector or private sector, the economy is just terrible. It's shrinking. They have a lot of problems. And they still buy. We're actually growing in Brazil still, but it's a lot lower than it was before. And so, what happens is, client may want to take – this happens in public sector frequently, client will want to renew because the government revenues are down so much, there's a lot of scrutiny and sometimes that renewal will extend for, call it, three months longer than we would have normally had wherever it is right on time. That's an example of what the kind of things going on. And it's in the areas you'd expect, which is like where oil and gas has been really affected. Again, in the oil and gas by the way, in aggregate, we were growing. In Brazil, we were growing. In fact, it's a lot slower growth than it used to be. And that's kind of an example of the extended decision-making cycle. So, it's exactly we'd expected.
Eugene A. Hall: I think it's not that there is a dramatic change between first quarter and second quarter. I think that it's kind of an incremental change where these – when things get bad, companies hope that they're going to get better. And when they stay better – again, I'll use Brazil as an example, when it becomes clearer and clearer that there's problems, incrementally things get a little worse. By the way, my sense in Brazil is it's bottomed out, but I do think that it was a little worse in Q2 than it was in Q1, and Q1 was a little worse than it was in Q4. And so that's just an example.
Eugene A. Hall: So, like I said, keep in mind, again, we had great double-digit contract value growth. And so, I don't want to overplay the point which is, we have tremendous market opportunity. Clients love our products. We had great double-digit growth. I mentioned our retention metric was down a little bit, but it's still at great – you compare to any metric externally, it's terrific measure and it's down slightly from our all-time high. So, actually, we're seeing great demand for our products. Just, as you said, a little different than it was a year ago.
Eugene A. Hall: So, it's Gene. Yeah, we have lots of areas that are doing well. First, if you look at like Asia is doing well, very well for us sort of – not every country in Asia, but Asia overall is doing very well for us. A lot of the emerging markets are doing very well for us. If you look within the U.S., there're certain industries that are doing very well. I won't break it out, but there're certain industries that are doing very well. In Europe, again, there're certain countries that are doing well.
Eugene A. Hall: So, where we start from is this. As you know, we have this incredibly large untapped market opportunity. And we approach our businesses long-term, which is, we want to make sure we continue to capture that market opportunity and position ourselves well for double-digit growth every single year. Having said that, as you know, we also then take that and we look at each individual sales team, we go down to an individual manager level and say, based on the macroeconomic environment they're facing, (39:17) – based on the industry specifics they're facing and based on the bandwidth of that particular manager, can we add capacity there. So, again, if I looked at – again I'll go back to Brazil, most of our managers in Brazil, we are not adding head count to because they have their hands full dealing with the economic issues there. Again, we're still growing in Brazil. So, I want to make sure I reinforce that. And so, we'd be adding a lot less head count there. It'd be unusual to add a lot in someplace like Brazil. On the other hand, we do have areas that are growing very rapidly like Asia, where we might be growing our head count by as much as 25% on those teams. And so the 15% is not kind of a 15% target at a kind of macro level. We look at individual teams and say, based on the market condition that team is facing, and based on the capability that manager to take on additional headcounts and additional opportunity, how does that work out? Historically that's worked out kind of around the 15% – between probably 13% to 17% range. And going forward, we're going to do exact same thing. And so, if for some reason we see more teams that are challenged, you might see that toward the lower end of that range and if you see fewer teams toward the higher end of that range, but it's not to set at a macro level, it's set based on bottoms up level that gets us that.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah. I'm sorry, Manav. I said 7%. Nothing in front of the 7%, so, yeah, just 7% of our revenue is in the UK.
Eugene A. Hall: So, the most of our clients are doing fine. And our sales cycle has not extended or anything. It's just normal business. There are a few areas, like, I picked on Brazil, but like, Brazil oil and gas, where they're under stress. They're looking at every expense, and it does take a little longer. We do, actually, it's very unusual. Even if it's takes longer, we do get the sale. So, yeah, your question is right. We actually do get the sale, but that's just for the – this piece of our business that's under more distress, which isn't most of our business. And then our pipeline, actually, is way up compared to this time last year. It's way higher than our growth rate. And then, it's purposeful. We purposely have built a very strong pipeline. And so, our pipeline is very, very robust.
Eugene A. Hall: So, we actually have a team that looks at that. We've a territory planning team that looks at that. And they do this on a continuous basis. And so, we make real-time adjustments to the year. So, it's not like we sort of a plan upfront for the year and then it doesn't change based on what's going on that we actually experience. We actually look at it at an ongoing basis and we have a hiring plan each quarter for how many people we want to hire and we make real-time adjustments based on what we're really seeing.
Eugene A. Hall: So, in terms of proportion, I'm not going to break it out in terms of 8%, because it's really a spectrum. It's not kind of they're either in trouble or not. My point is, just, if you look at things like oil and gas or Brazil or the major commodity producers, for example, they're under more stress they were in the past. And that's a different selling environment. Yeah, we do well there, but it's just a different selling environment. In terms of new versus renewal, the same thing is true, which is, we have a very large market opportunity. We are making sales in all kinds of industries. We already have sales teams, for example, in Brazil. We want them to sell new business. That new business in Brazil is harder just like renewals are harder. If I looked at some of the industries that are not under such stress like, I'll pick healthcare as the example; you see both new business and retention being easier in those industries. So, it's a matter of – where the industries are challenged and it's tough for new business and tough for renewals. Where it's not as much as it's easier. Again, I want to get back to even in these areas, where I'd characterize it's being tougher, as Craig said, take Brazil, it used to be much higher growth than average in the past. And now it's a bit lower than average. And so that big swing is what's going on. We're still growing there. We still get good retention compared to most of the world, and good do business.
Eugene A. Hall: So, I don't see it as being more difficult at all. Again, think about our clients in different segments, which is, we have clients that are doing just great, that are, figuratively speaking, not in Brazil. And it's kind of (52:37) and then we have clients that are, figuratively speaking, in Brazil, which are a little tougher. And so I think you wouldn't want to characterize the sales cycle all over are worse. That's not right. There are specific segments in the global economy that are having trouble. We still are growing them, but just not as rapidly as the others. And so, in terms of continuing to sell more to our existing clients, we're going to do that. We have a lot of that. Typically, it's been two-thirds of our growth actually. It's part of our product strategy. We have products, and we have products for multiple people in an organization. We keep adding more of those products so our salespeople have more to sell, which is why it's typically been two-thirds of our contract value growth.
Eugene A. Hall: Sure, Joe. We talked about our results, and what's happening from a foreign exchange perspective is -- and you probably see this in most global companies, we're starting to lap the major strengthening of the U.S. dollar that we saw from back half of 2014 into the first half of 2015. That's why in the quarter you don't see that much of a difference between our reported results and our FX-neutral results. They're pretty tight. As we look out for the balance of the year, our outlook reflects where exchange rates are as of earlier this week. And as you know, some are going one way and some are going the other way. And so, when we look at where we are with our major exchange rates compared to where we were when we started the year, when we did our initial outlook, and then where we were back in May when we updated our outlook, yeah, the pound is weaker, maybe the yen is a little bit stronger, but at the same time, there are other currencies that are going in both ways. So, the way we look at it right now is we expect back half of the year to look a lot like what we experienced in Q2 from an FX exposure perspective.
Eugene A. Hall: Sales productivity is one of our top focus areas. We spend a lot of time and effort on it. The things that we're doing, I think, are getting better all the time. And it falls into three main categories: recruiting, which is making sure we hire people that are the best possible fit for Gartner, where we're really focused on having the right analytics to help us make sure we get the right people in the right process. The second category is in training, where we have, I think, what is one of the best training programs for salespeople in the industry. We continue to improve that training all the time and modify it. It's not static. As an example, one of the things are trained our salespeople on in areas that are a little distressed is how do you deal with those and be very successful in an environment like that, which we know how to do. And then the last one is in tools where we're very focused on productivity enhancing tools for our salesforce. Technology is changing everything. Technology will allow us to access tools to help our salespeople be more productive as well. So, we got investments in all three of those areas focused on improving sales productivity, and we feel really good that those are all, over time, are going to have a great impact on our sales productivity.
Eugene A. Hall: So, I'd like to summarize the key points of today's call. So, first, we're doing great as a company. We see robust demand for our services and our sales pipeline is incredibly strong. We've a huge untapped market opportunity. We attract the best talent in the industry. We continue to invest in improved recruiting capability training tools to drive sales productivity. We continue to invest in innovations in our content, products, hiring, training and tools to drive continuing improvements in our operational effectiveness. We're committed to enhancing shareholder value through investing in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. We're well on track to deliver another year of double-digit growth in contract value, revenue and earnings coupled with strong cash flow conversion. And our long-term outlook remains equally strong. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Tim. Good morning. Yeah. It's small. It's a relatively small acquisition as you've seen from the purchase price. It doesn't contribute all that much to the overall. And we typically don't break out the contract value from small businesses or from small acquisitions, but suffice it to say, we think it's a great deal for us. It really helps us and enhances our supply chain business selling into the key executives from a supply chain perspective, but relatively small from a contract value perspective.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah, Jeff. That's 100% accurate. And, again, I think a lot of it relates to what Gene just described both in his prepared remarks and in the Q&A, as the sales cycles lengthen and things crossover quarters, as I've described. We will often take down business that will impact the renewal rate. We stay in touch with the client. The client still really needs our value. We win back that business over subsequent months and quarters, but your assertion is correct that Q2 you would see a slowdown in the contract value growth rate as well as the retention measures.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Jeff. It's Craig. I think when we look at capital deployment, there's really no change to how we think about the approach. We're, as always, we remain very focused on ensuring that we deploy our cash flow and our balance sheet flexibility and our capital to drive value for shareholders. We always talk about, and this has not changed, we have two priorities. Our number one priority is shareholder value enhancing strategic M&A. And we've proven over the last two years, two-and-a-half years that we've been able to do that and get really great properties and bring them into Gartner and drive really great growth and really great value for our shareholders. In absence of those value-enhancing M&A, we still believe that return of capital to shareholders through share repurchase program is a great way to do that. And those remain the two top priorities. But number one is still that value-enhancing strategic M&A. From a credit facility perspective, it's one of those things where when you look at our growth and where we're going and making sure that we have access to capital to do the value-enhancing things we want to do, we looked at the markets and we just wanted to make sure we took advantage of being able to upsize the credit facility, push out the term at extraordinarily attractive rate. So, it's really a combination of we're growing and we want to make sure we have the right size credit facility, and then also being strategically opportunistic around making sure we locked in at very attractive pricing.
Craig W. Safian: It varies, Jeff. It's kind of situational depending on the client situation. But generally speaking, if we take the business down, so if the client does not renew on time, generally speaking that will come out of the retention in that given quarter. And then as we work it back, it goes back into the contract value base when they resume their services.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. Hey, Gunnar. Good morning. We're still targeting in that 15% range, give or take. As I mentioned, if you normalize for the timing of that class, we're at 14%. We were at 16% in Q1 and 16% for full year last year. So, based on everything we're looking at, and again, as I mentioned, we are looking at the growth at a team by team level, but based on everything we're looking at now, we would expect to be in that 15% range.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. We've talked about them in the past. I think both are well below 5% of total contract value or total revenue. So, they still represent very small exposures for us. Like I said, they were – before they had those macro challenges, were two very fast-growing areas for us. A little bit of an overlap with oil and gas in Brazil, but they had been very fast growing. And as Gene mentioned, they are continuing to grow, just not at the same rate, but they're growing as previously.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Toni. It's, Craig. We continue to grow that business really well. I think the right way to look at it is, look at it on a first half basis to judge the margins, we're actually up 2 points year-over-year on the year-to-date gross margin. And that's because we're driving really nice growth, organic growth into those events. And when we're able to do that, it does flow through at the margin level.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Anj. Good morning. It's Craig. So, as we've talked about in the past, our supply chain business, which is a great business, it is growing well faster than the average. We think it's a really big market opportunity, and with a combination now of where we had here at Gartner plus the SCM World capabilities and client base, we think it's a really great business on a go-forward basis. We believe that we can continue to grow that business at an accelerated rate. It is as underpenetrated as we are in the overall IT market. I think that over the long-term, because we can continue to grow our IT business, which is the bulk of it, at such a rapid rate, supply chain will continue to be a small piece of the overall portfolio. But clearly, it's a place where we think we can drive really great growth and drive really amazing value for our clients. It's the same business model as our Research business. It has high renewal rates, the same cash flow dynamics, et cetera. So, we're excited about it, but it still represents a small piece of the portfolio.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. The business continues to perform really well, particularly, on the labor-based side of the business, which is what the backlog supports. What I would say is, the range represents, the relevant range of outcomes as we look at things today, the outlook reflects that. And so, we didn't feel the need to update the guidance based on that. That said, the business continues to perform really, really well. And based on our managing partner investments and based on the backlog, it's really more about the long-term sustainability of the business, and we're investing for that future growth as well.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah, Joe. Good morning. It's, Craig. So, I think, when we think about our market opportunity, we think about it, it really is in two primary places. One is, obviously, those 100,000 enterprises in our market space that we're currently not doing any business with, and we've made really good progress over the last several years of going from probably 6,000 enterprises to almost or over 10,000 enterprises today. On top of that, when you look at the average contract value per enterprise, even today at a $167,000 per enterprise that is really low penetration. And as we look across our client base, we know that there are opportunities to drive significantly greater penetration within each of those existing enterprises. And we do that in a variety of ways. We have a tier of services. So, we can upgrade clients once we're in there. We find additional users within the clients and buying centers that we're doing business with, and then we find new buying centers as well within the clients. On top of that, our supply chain business and our marketing business allows us to even further penetrate those clients. So, again, when we think about that market opportunity, it is the combination of further penetration of existing enterprises, which we think that is an enormous opportunity, plus all that greenfield opportunity with the enterprises we currently don't do business with.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah, Henry. Good morning. It's, Craig. I think there's two things going on. So, one is the labor-based business, again, which makes up the bulk of the Consulting revenue, we've seen pretty consistent performance there. And we had strong bookings and strong backlog coming out of Q4. That translated into a strong labor-based revenue quarter in Q1. We also replenished that backlog and entered Q2 with a strong backlog position. I think that led to the strong labor-based growth which I talked about earlier. We were up 10% on our labor-based revenue in Q2 on an FX-neutral basis. I think some of the volatility still comes from the contract optimization business. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, in Q2 we were actually down on a year-over-year basis in contract optimization. In Q1, we were up a little bit. On a year-to-date basis, we're up modestly on that business, but that's the place that consistently causes some of that volatility. I think if you peel the onion back a little bit, you'll see our labor-based business has been performing really nicely and really consistently. And again, that goes back to a lot of the investments we've made around managing partners and a lot of the things that the Consulting leadership team has done to make that business more predictable with people, relationships, et cetera. And so, I think, you're starting to see that – or not starting to. You're seeing that flow through in our results. And again, it gives us confidence around Q3 and Q4 given the backlog position we have entering Q3.
