Craig Safian: Hey. Good morning, Jeff. Thanks for the question. I'll give it a start, and then Gene will chime in as well. I think starting with the facts, the nonsubscription part of the business was about 6% of 2023 revenue. Obviously, we have had the tech market pressure for the full year. And the way that mostly manifested itself through our results was real pressure on pricing throughout the full year. And we saw that. We adjusted coming out of Q2 earnings. And the good news is pricing has been roughly stable since we made that adjustment. In Q4, though, one of the things we're always focused on is making sure that we are providing the highest value to both sides of the equation. And with these offerings, we are essentially - small business buyers are coming to our site to learn more about what software to buy, and we actually help them with reviews and ratings and research and things of that nature. And then we're matching them to the sellers. And again, so tangible value, as we mentioned, on both sides of the equation. We're always focused on driving even more value for our clients. And so one of the things we've done is really shift our focus and prioritization to higher-quality forms of traffic. And again, short-term impact on revenues. But over the long term, we think this is good for clients on both sides of the equation will drive higher pricing over time, which will drive higher revenue, which is good for everybody. But one thing I would say just about the guidance is we've modeled in the real focus on higher quality traffic. We have not modeled in any real uptick in the pricing. Again, over the long term, we expect that to happen. We did not want to model that in, so we actually see that manifesting itself in reality.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Toni. Thanks for the question. Just to lay out the facts. So to your point, GTS, the HT vendor part of the business, new business grew at high single-digit rates. The end user or enterprise function leader part of GTS grew new business mid-teens year-over-year, and GBS was up 13% over prior year on new business. So we actually saw a pretty strong new business results across all of the markets we sell into in the fourth quarter. And as we mentioned, we view new business as a real leading indicator for what's happening in the market in the moment, so to speak. And so again, we saw a modest improvement in new business from Q2, Q3. That continued from Q3 to Q4 with tech vendor actually growing for the first time in 2023 in the fourth quarter. As you know, NCVI and CV growth are a function of the combination of new business and retention. And as we talked about in our prepared remarks and also in response to Jeff's question, there's still a lot of pressure and Gene alluded to this as well. Still a lot of pressure on retention in the small tech vendor part of the market. And we still have a lot of renewals that haven't been touched or coming renewals that haven't been touched since the tech sector really started to recalibrate, call it third, fourth quarter of 2022. So still a little bit of retention pressure. However, new business, we definitely view as a leading indicator. Again, that's part of what gives us confidence to say that we expect CV to bottom during 2024 and start to reaccelerate during 2024 as well.
Craig Safian: And as we mentioned during our prepared remarks, we've actually got dialed into our plan, combination GTS, GBS, quarter-bearing headcount growth of mid to high single digits. And as always, we're prepared to go faster. As both Gene and I mentioned, we have recruitment capacity to go faster if we want to. And so we've got dialed in mid to high single-digit growth in GTS and GBS, quota-bearing head count, and we can go faster if we see that rebound coming faster as well.
Craig Safian: And the other thing I'd add, Heather, just on the larger tech clients, typically, what we see is a combination of maybe modestly less growth than we would normally buy or normally see through renewal cycles or modest cuts reduction to spend, but they maintain a pretty significant Gartner presence always. And what we then do is make sure that we are there to win back that business and it actually does help drive the growth coming out of tougher macro environment. And that's sort of what we've always seen in some macro environments, tech vendor or otherwise, where we'll take some mix from a retention perspective, but stay embedded, still delivering huge value to our clients and then win back and grow that business over the long term.
Craig Safian: Yes. So Andrew, our - we serve clients in a wide variety of areas, as you know, and they get value of all those areas. AI has had a lot of publicity over the last year. And so there is - throughout the media, et cetera. And so the - there is an unusually high level of interest in understanding what AI is and how it could affect our clients' businesses. I'd say it's just like the other things that we help our clients with. It's not something that's causing like an extra 20% of demand or something. It's an area that is one of the things we cover that clients have interest in, just clients that have cost problems, maybe have some cost optimization as opposed to AI. So it kind of depends on the situation of individual clients, but it's certainly an area of robust demand.
Craig Safian: Sure. Thanks, Josh. The simplest way to think about it is that with our targeted headcount growth in GTS and GBS of mid to high single digits. And think about that, not the only place that we're actually growing but growing a little bit elsewhere, combined with normal merit and wage inflation, combined with a growing conferences business. If you look at the implied operating expense in the guidance, it's up about 8% or 9% year-over-year, which aligns with the headcount growth and the conference growth that we've got dialed into the guidance. And so as we mentioned, a much more "normal" cadence of operating expense in 2024 as compared to prior years where we fell behind and we're catching up, et cetera, et cetera. So a much more normal quarter-to-quarter build of our operating expense. We are - the biggest thing that drives our revenue for 2024 is the ending contract value for 2023. And obviously, as we talked about on Andrew's question, the revenue will lag the recovery in contract value. And so the reality is - and again, we've been not guiding, but pointing this way for the last several quarters that this was going to be the reality for 2024, which is we're going to get back on our normal cadence of investing for the future and growing our sales force and growing other areas. We are dealing with the CV deceleration through 2023. And obviously, that has an impact on 2024 revenues. Obviously, the nonsubscription revenue performance also mutes the overall revenue as well as does the consulting growth rate, which, while still within our medium-term guidance, given we had such a strong year in contract optimization, we're being thoughtful about the growth rates there. And so it's a little bit of all of those factors impacting the top line with what I would consider "normal” operating expense growth baked into the 2024 guide.
Craig Safian: So Surinder, on the tech side, I think it's really the realcali - so it's a combination of the recalibration of that market. And also when I say recalibration down to the things Gene was talking about, where we actually have a really healthy business on the small end of tech, and there is funding flowing, but it's not flowing to the same places that it may have been a year or 2 or 3 ago. And so we're just dealing with that. And again, we're going after the opportunities where the money is or we're fishing where the fish are. But as you've seen, there are still large tech sector layoffs happening a year or almost even 15 months since they began and selling into that environment when they're in the process of cutting tens of thousands of jobs is a little more challenging than it would be if they had completely recalibrated. So I think we're still in - we're still driving huge value for the clients. They're still very important clients for us. We're going to be there to help them as they rebound and come through the recalibration. It's just going to take a little bit of time, but we're confident in the value we provide. We're confident, as I mentioned earlier, in the long-term or medium-term growth prospects for this part of the business. But the fact is they are still significantly recalibrating and we are along for that ride, so to speak.
Craig Safian: Yes. I also think, Surinder, just to sort of underscore that point. When we talk about the overall business or market opportunity, I'll focus on the market opportunity. So roughly $200 billion market opportunity. $190 billion of that is outside of the tech vendor opportunity. So we remain very focused on that big prize of $190-plus billion market opportunity serving enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS. And again, we're confident that the tech vendor market is a really strong market. But the reality is $190 million on that $200 billion market opportunity is the enterprise function leader opportunity.
Craig Safian: Yes. I think - I mean, again, remember, our tech vendor CV is a little less than 25% of total CV. Normally, Q1 represents a little bit more than 25% of total renewals on the overall franchise. This year, with tech vendors, it's in the low to mid 30% of overall CV. So it's not a huge bubble. It's just a little bit of an overweighting more than normal in the first quarter.
Craig Safian: I think at this point, George, it's revenue upside will drive the biggest potential for margin upside from that 23%. As we've talked about - I can't remember whose question it was, I think it was Josh's question, the OpEx is - again, forgive me for using this term, more normal than it has been for the last few years. We're back on our territory growth planning. We're back on our more normal merit increases kicking in on April 1. And so I feel really - we feel really good about the OpEx plan we got. And so I think revenue upside across the various business lines would be the place that could potentially unlock a little bit of margin upside. That said, if we are doing better from a revenue perspective, and again, Gene and I both alluded to this, we've got recruitment capacity to go faster. And so we want to make sure that not only are we doing well in 2024 that we are setting ourselves up to continue to perform really strongly in '25 and '26. And so if we have the opportunity to go a little bit faster on GTS and GBS headcount growth, we're going to take that opportunity for sure.
Gene Hall: Hi, Jeff, it's Gene. So one - the biggest issue we have is in the small tech vendors and a lot of the small tech vendors are in markets that have changed and they have difficulty getting funding now. And for those vendors, if they signed a 2 or 3 or multiyear a year or 2 ago, when that comes up for renewal, they don't have any funding. In fact, in many cases, they're out of business. And so what's happening there is that that's our biggest drag in the tech sector in terms of retention. The larger companies, as you've seen, are still laying off tens of thousands of people. And so they haven't finished restructuring. As we mentioned, overall new business is up in the tech sector, mid-single digits. And so we're thinking that's a leading indicator that retention will follow once we work through – work our way through these - particularly these companies that have gone out of business since they signed the agreement and today. And by the way, that's a very still a very robust business. It's just a different side of companies now that are getting funding, big [ph] AI.
Gene Hall: So Toni, we look at it as there's a very enormous market opportunity. We intend to capture that market opportunity over the next many years. Part of our core strategy to protect that opportunity is growing our headcount to capture it. But headcount growth is going to be faster or slower depending on the actual kind of selling capacity of the team we have. And right now, we believe we have a lot of selling capacity embedded actually in the capacity we have today. Over time, though, that's going to grow as we grow our business.
Gene Hall: Again, if you look at the larger companies in the market, renewals are going kind of normally - it's a little slower than usual because, again, they're laying off tens of thousands of people. We expect that will change. There's plenty of demand. Again, we expect global IT spending issue to grow by 7% to almost $5 trillion. So there's plenty of demand there. We expect over time that will normalize. And so the real issue on retention is these very small tech vendors which are, over time, a great market for us, but there's a shift going on now from what used to get funding through now. What does get funding is, as I mentioned, there's a real focus on AI. And so those companies that are in less popular segments for funding these days can't get funding and if they haven't as successful commercially, they either get acquired or go out of business, in which case our retention affects our retention.
Gene Hall: So our long-term view on this segment of the business is unchanged. We believe it can grow in line with our medium-term objectives. We still believe that we are going to see reacceleration of this business over time. Whether it's 9 to 15 months or 12 to 18 or 24, it will be in that range that we actually see that reacceleration. But we - the market here is still really strong. Our offerings still drive really huge value for our clients in this segment. And over the medium term, there's no reason why this can't get back to 12% to 16% growth, consistent with our medium-term objective for the strong [ph] business.
Gene Hall: Yes. So first I'd say is we have a strong value proposition. And so when clients see the value they get from our offerings, they want to buy it. So that's fundamentally what's driving demand. And on top of that, we're always focused on things that impact sales productivity. And there's things that - and it's things like the tools that we give them, the process we have. And then as Craig mentioned in his remarks, tenure can affect you as well, we're having modest improvements in tenure as well. And so - but the fundamental thing that's driving it is really intrinsic demand for clients because they have the need for our services to get a lot of value out of them.
Gene Hall: Yes. Good morning, Andrew. I think the way to think about the CV and the revenue, and obviously, our revenue guide for the research segment and the subscription revenue piece. The revenue is always going to lag the contract value recovery. And on top of that, as you know, first half changes to NCVI are going to have a bigger impact on the 2024 revenue runout than big step-ups in Q3 or Q4, which are great and drive great cash flow and will drive future revenue but have minimal impacts on 2024 revenue. So we're not guiding to a revenue – our CV number for the year nor are we pointing to specifically where the bottom is, but we have baked into our outlook, a bottoming of that CV and a reacceleration of that CV over the course of - over the course of 2024.
Gene Hall: Good morning, Brendan. I mean, the biggest thing impacting contract value and contract value growth right now is the tech vendor part of the business. And so as we mentioned, the enterprise function leader part of our business grew at double-digit growth rates in the fourth quarter and actually has been a consistent double-digit grower through the course of 2023. And so if you look at that 7.7% overall contract value growth, the reality is the enterprise function leader portion of the business, which is more than 75% of total CV is growing at double-digit growth rates. And the tech vendor portion of the business, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, was essentially flat for the year. And so as we start to see a reacceleration of the tech vendor business, which again is a little less than 25% of total CV. That obviously has an impact on the overall CV growth. The other piece that I think is obviously super important is we caught up on our hiring quite a bit over the course of 2022. And so what that meant is over the course of 2023, we had a lot of people very early in their Gartner sales careers. And as you know, as people come up with tenure curve, their productivity increases. And so we feel confident that we've got enough capacity from a selling perspective heading into 2024, given the combination of tech sector rebound and probably more importantly, our salespeople coming up the tenure curve, that should provide the right amount of fuel, if you will, to drive contract value growth in 2024, and we're growing our GTS/GBS headcount mid to high single digits during 2024. And that's really about accelerating and sustaining that growth as we roll into 2025 and 2026.
Gene Hall: Yes. I mean it's still 12.9% or 13% year-over-year growth on a bigger base. And so getting bigger and bigger and sustaining growth within our medium-term objective for the segment. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, supply chain, legal, and HR are the three fastest-growing pieces of the segment. But obviously, all pieces have to be growing nicely for us to register a 13% year-over-year CV growth.
Gene Hall: Yes. Good morning, Josh. Thanks for the question. So we're always looking at the skew of contract end dates and contract value associated with that. And as we've talked about in the past, generally speaking, we're pretty evenly skewed across the year. This year, we actually have a little bit of a bubble and not a huge one, but just a little bit more than average in - with our tech vendor clients in the first quarter. And so you may have heard us use the word prudent several times during our prepared remarks. We just want to make sure that our guidance reflects our most recent performance and what we know about the next couple of quarters coming up. And so we've taken a prudent view on our first half NCVI to take that into account. That said, again, I'll reiterate, we do expect CV growth overall to bottom during 2024 and begin to reaccelerate with - even with that first quarter focus on tech vendor renewals.
Gene Hall: When you're selling into a company that is actively making layoffs, the attention of people's focus on who they're going to lay off or whether, in fact, they're going to get laid off. And so it takes a little while - that's a much tougher - that's kind of the toughest selling environment. They'll get through that, and it will return to normal. That's the larger end. And then on the small end, Craig described very well.
Gene Hall: So our perspective is there's nothing structural about it. What happened was during the pandemic, there was a pull forward of tech spending. In fact, many of the tech companies, probably most of them assume that was going to last forever, turned out it was just a pull forward. Now they're just adjusting to getting back to normal. And it's as simple as that. So unless pandemics become cyclical, I think we're in pretty good shape.
Gene Hall: Hey. Good morning, Jeff. Thanks for the quick question. On the pricing side, we're a little over 4%. We did our price increase in November of this year, which is when we typically do it. A little bit lower than what we did in '21 and '22, largely because we've seen inflation come down a little bit, most importantly, wage inflation come down a little bit. And so we're in that around 4%, a little bit more than 4%. I think clients, by and large, are not pushing back on it. Again, remember, the average spend per client is order of magnitude, $250,000. So the difference between a 3% or 4% increase is pretty de minimis. And again, and we're very focused on making sure that our products and services have incremental value each and every year. And we're continuing to sell with our upfront invoicing and a real focus on that. We're continuing to sell more and more multiyear contracts with our focus on that. And so I'd say, yes, the environment has been a little tougher, but we've been managing to stick to our guns on the things that we know drive huge economic value for the business, which is sticking to our pricing guns, not discounting, selling multiyear contracts and making sure we get the invoicing done upfront. And I think our teams have done a phenomenal job of sticking to our coordinating there.
Gene Hall: So here are the takeaways for today's call. Gartner drove another strong performance in Q4. We deliver incredible value, whether our clients are struggling, thriving or anywhere in between. We're exceptionally agile and continuously adapt to the changing world, and we know the right things to do to be successful in any environment. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to continue our sustained record of success far into the future. Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long-term sustained double-digit revenue growth. We expect margins will expand modestly over time, and we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. As we invest for future growth, we'll return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders. This reduces shares outstanding and increases returns over time. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
