Eugene A. Hall: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q3 2014 earnings call. Well, our business is accelerating. The continued successful execution of our proven strategy drove another strong quarter, with revenue growth at 15% on a reported basis. We delivered robust performances across the business. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, grew at 14% FX-neutral, continuing our trend of double-digit contract value growth in every region across every client size in every industry segment. For the third quarter of 2014, enterprise client retention was at 84%, up 1 point over the same quarter in 2013. Enterprise wallet retention was 105%, also up 1 point over Q3 2013. Our Consulting business delivered a tremendous performance for the quarter. Consulting revenues increased 17% compared to Q3 2013, and the backlog was up 16% over the same period. Our Events business also delivered a fantastic performance. As we told you in the past, our events can shift from 1 quarter to another, so it's often better to evaluate our results on a same-event basis. So for the 12 events we delivered in Q3, on a same-events basis, we drove a revenue increase of 18% year-over-year. We continue to deploy our capital strategically. Year-to-date, we have repurchased more than $387 million of our shares, which is up $80 million over last quarter, and puts us very close to our overall target of $400 million for 2014. Craig will give you more details on all of our business results in a moment. I just returned from the largest of our flagship conference series, Symposium/ITxpo, in Orlando, Florida. We achieved sold-out status for this event. In addition, the caliber of our audience continues to improve. This year in Orlando, we hosted 2,700 CIOs. I met with a number of these CIOs and enterprise leaders from a diverse array of industries. These leaders are incredibly excited about the impact of IT on their enterprises and the critical role Gartner plays in achieving their enterprise's objectives. I also had the opportunity to speak with a large number of our salespeople, some of whom have been to several Symposium events and some of whom, this was their first. Whether new or experienced, all of them had an incredible excitement and enthusiasm about the event, Gartner's brand and our market opportunity. Our annual Symposium/ITxpo conference series is composed of 8 events held in different locations around the globe: in addition to Orlando, we've already hosted the event in Dubai; Cape Town, South Africa; Goa, India; Tokyo, Japan; and Sao Paulo, Brazil. And over the next couple of weeks, we'll host the remaining 2 events in Barcelona, Spain; and the Gold Coast of Australia. Gartner's Symposium/ITxpo is an incredible demonstration of our value. We are the best source of help for enterprise leaders launching critical initiatives. It truly is the world's most important gathering of CIOs and senior IT executives. There's nothing else like it on the planet. One of the primary reasons our Events business and our overall business have been so successful is our people. Gartner is a people business. Over the past several years, we've made significant investments in our people. We've invested in recruiting and in training. We've improved our customer service processes. In Consulting, we invested in our managing partner program. We invested heavily in improving sales productivity. And these investments are paying off. We're seeing improvements in sales productivity. Our Consulting business is delivering record-breaking results. We're attracting the best talent in the industry and getting them up to speed quickly. The insights we create, the advice we deliver and the overall experience for our customers has never been better, and we're not slowing down. We'll continue to improve and innovate across every area of our business. We know how to be successful in any economic environment. We're relevant whether institution is growing or facing economic challenges. We continue to deliver double-digit results in our key operating metrics due to the tremendous value we deliver to our clients. I remain confident and excited about Gartner. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition. We have a great business model, and we continue to be more relevant to virtually every enterprise in the world. And with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Craig.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, Jeff, great question. So the -- what we've seen is an acceleration that is broad around the world. As I mentioned before, double-digit growth in every geography, every industry. And so it's really very broad-based. You have a good point. There is a -- at this time last year, we had some areas that were performing below our expectations, and so the -- we do have that comparison point.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So our sales force headcount planning remains the same as it has been in the past, which is we're planning to grow our sales headcount 15% to 20% a year consistently.
Eugene A. Hall: Again, as Craig said, so for this year, we're expecting approximately 15% headcount growth. Next year, we haven't given a specific guidance for next year, but again, our long-term target is 15% to 20% a year. I wouldn't take the kind of 13% for this quarter as anything meaningful other than just kind of noise. As an example, we train people in classes. And so if 1 class falls in 1 quarter and not another quarter, that can be enough to even swing that. And so I would take it at -- the 13% in this particular quarter, as just noise as opposed to indicative of something else.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So I love -- I'll do the second question first, which is that as we grow our business, there is an opportunity to grow the headcount growth. With the backlog up at such a -- the kind of double-digit rates it's up, I think it will lead to headcount growth, so we can deliver all the stuff we're selling. And we see robust demand continuing.
Eugene A. Hall: Joe, it was not lumpy projects. Basically, it was sort of broad-based demand with the same kind of projects that you see normally, which are not lumpy at all, actually. And as Craig mentioned, and as we've talked about before, we've had a strategy of adding management partners over the last several years. And we think the addition of those management partners is what's driving the fundamental growth in that business.
Eugene A. Hall: So it's Gene. The trends in our retention of our salespeople is that it's been in the same trend we've had all year, which is better than last year. And we have very good retention of our salespeople, and it has continued to get even better despite the fact that the job market overall in, certainly, some of the markets is heating up.
Eugene A. Hall: So we have -- there's no change. We have a robust pipeline, a lot of very interesting potential candidates. It's the same as it has been, really, over a period of years. So no change to pipeline for acquisitions.
Eugene A. Hall: You shouldn't think about that as slowing the growth of our Events business at all. First, we'll continue to add other events. Secondly, even within those events we talked about earlier, where we have capacity limits, we're actually changing the events so that we can get higher prices based on who's going to those events. So we've got kind of a price increase, and the price is not just pure increased pricing, but actually targeting people who get more value and can pay more for those events, combined with adding more events as well. And so you shouldn't think about our Events business growth slowing at all.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So we've had 2 strategies in our Consulting business that have really driven this growth that we've been working on over a period of years. One is to add managing partners, as we talked about. So we have the people that are leading engagements, actually selling the engagements, which is terrific. The second one, which is very important, is to align our Consulting services with what's going on in our Research business, and the key priority is that our Research clients see. And those 2 things are basically driving additional demand for the business. And we see that demand to continue to be sustained over a period of time. Because of those 2 things -- it's not kind of a onetime thing. It's systematic things we've put into place over a period of time that has fundamentally driven increased demand.
Eugene A. Hall: So advanced bookings for Events have been strong across the board. The kind of growth we talked about for the Q3 events, we're seeing great strength in our advanced bookings as well.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, Jerry, great question. Gartner is a fabulous place for salespeople to be at. If -- selling in technology is a great place to be. If you are selling technology, Gartner's kind of the best place even within that. So it is an incredibly attractive place for sales people. And you see that in the fact that we have low turnover among our sales force. So with any kind of sales force like we have, if you benchmark it, we have quite low turnover. And as I mentioned, despite the job arc getting worse in terms of hotter, our turnover actually has gotten better. In terms of recruiting, because it's such an attractive place to be, we don't have a problem recruiting with people at all. If you look at the numbers of people we need to hire each year, it is just tiny compared to the total market out there. And as I said, we're a tremendously attractive place to be for salespeople. So we don't see any limits in terms of the market. The real limits are our ability to have the right kind of recruiting, training, et cetera, as opposed to market. And we think we've got that capability for the 15% to 20% range, both now and going forward.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. Again, so we have seen great double-digit growth across all of our -- as I mentioned, all of our size clients, all of our industry segments and all of our geographic segments. And it's very broad-based demand. In terms of the macroeconomic environment, I think, no change.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So I think small end of the market -- as we've talked about, Software Advice serves companies that are smaller than the companies that our traditional IT business has served. And we believe that there is tens of millions of those companies that are in the Software Advice sweet spot. And so we see that as being a great growth opportunity for us going forward because that's just an -- that's an enormous market we've not tapped in. And Software Advice has been meeting our expectations. It's been doing just terrifically well.
Craig Safian: Yes. Matt, the only other thing I'd add is, as Gene mentioned, with the backlog growth we're seeing, we're seeing improvements in our efficiency metrics, utilization, bill rate, annualized revenue per billable. It really all goes back strategically to our investment in the managing partners. And with the end game being, we've got professional sellers and deliverers of our Consulting business oriented by vertical industry. We've seen growth across all of the industries, but their ability to generate large recurring relationships will allow us to drive better efficiency metrics and also increase headcount over time as the backlog increases.
Craig Safian: Yes. The strength in that business has continued. And we expect it to stick now, which is one of the reasons why we raised the full year outlook for the Consulting business. But the other thing worth noting is that the labor-based business, as I mentioned earlier, was up 13% year-over-year in the quarter. We continue to see great strength in that business as well. So it's a combination of upside on the Contract Optimization business, but also some real nice strength in the labor-based business. And the other thing worth mentioning is, we had a very strong Q4 last year. So it's a little bit of a tough comp on a year-over-year basis. But I would focus in on the 7% to 10% full year growth that we're now projecting for that segment.
Craig Safian: It's order of magnitude, less than 1% of total revenues based on what we are seeing today from an exchange rate perspective. Obviously, if the dollar continues to strengthen, that will change. But it's not an enormous impact versus our original planning assumptions.
Craig Safian: So what we've said in the past, and actually, the way we manage our business is we expect a 70% margin in that business over the long term. We feel that to continue to deliver great service and great value to our clients and drive the kind of retention rates that we're driving, we need to continue to invest in that business to make sure we've got the right analyst covering the right topics, the right service people interacting with the clients at the right time, et cetera. So from a modeling perspective, our expectation is 70%, and then ride at that level into the future. The one thing worth mentioning, though, is as Research today is the biggest part of our business and is growing at the fastest pace, Research will continue to be a bigger and bigger piece of the overall Gartner pie. And that will drive gross margin leverage for us even if we flatten out at the 70% incremental margin on Research.
Craig Safian: So on the sales productivity side, on a rolling 4-quarter basis, it's a modest improvement. As I mentioned earlier, if you look at a Q3 year-to-date or Q3 stand-alone, it was obviously a much more significant improvement. But Q4 is a very large quarter for us. And so rolling 4-quarters is probably the best way to look at it. So we're pleased and we expect it to see modest improvement. If you go back and do the math, we've achieved higher levels of productivity in the past, and it is our goal to, over time, get back to those levels. So I wouldn't expect to see any big jumps in sales productivity, but we're focused on driving continued and consistent improvements to that metric.
Craig Safian: Anj, good question. The way we've looked at it is things can bump around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. And so if you look at it on a year-to-date basis, it's a little bit of different story. Again, our expectation for the full year also is to be in between 69% and 70% on the gross margin. So while it looks a little wonky in the stand-alone quarter, I think trend-wise, rolling 4-quarter, Q3 year-to-date, it all looks pretty solid.
Craig Safian: Sure. So I'll start with the price increase. As we continue to drive demand at these Events, we're able to take up prices, and we've done that consistently over the last few years. I mean, nothing dramatic but we've been able to increase prices both on the attendees' side and the exhibitors' side, which obviously helps us from a flow-through perspective. In terms of demand, I think it comes back to people getting great value or continuing to get great value out of Gartner Research. And the Events business is really just an extension of that. And whatever the topic is or whatever role the individual is in, in an IT organization, they continue to get huge value out of carving out a few days to go to our events. And so we don't expect that to stop. We expect that to continue. It's, again, why we're so focused on making sure that we make the right investments in our research business to make sure that our content and our intellectual property is consistently top notch. But because of that top-notch content, that's what drives the attendees to the events.
Craig Safian: It's a good question, Ryan. I think it's primarily driven around -- and I hate to keep talking about Contract Optimization, but tough compare last year on Contract Optimization, so a little bit of a decline in that business, but we expect to see continued strength on the labor-based business. And it all -- it still looks good, it still looks in trend. You're right, at the midpoint of the guidance, it's declined. At the high end, it's roughly flattish. There's a little bit of foreign exchange in there as well that you have to account for. But the primary driver is an expectation of slightly lower Contract Optimization business off a tough compare from Q4 of 2013.
Craig Safian: From a repurchase perspective, we're still sticking to $800 million over the 2-year period. We're obviously close to $400 million through the end of the third quarter. What we said earlier is we'll do more than $400 million this year. And so I think the expectation should still be looked at over a 2-year period.
Craig Safian: Sure. So first on the FX. You're right. The comments we made were largely centered around the fourth quarter. And again, this can be a little confusing because we have an expectation when we go into the year, which may be different than what we actually experienced in the fourth quarter of last year. And so we generally are marking up or marking down from that original expectation. Again, when we looked at FX rates, compared to our original expectation, it looked to be about a 1.5% impact on total revenues. And that would potentially, as exchange rates hold where they are, roll into next year. As we talked about, we do have a natural hedge. So we do have our expenses and revenues roughly matched around the world. And so it'll have a more muted impact from a dollar perspective on earnings. On the overseas cash, we continue to invest pretty heavily in our business. We're growing just about everywhere, U.S. and outside of the U.S., and a nice portion of our M&A pipeline also exists outside of the U.S. And so as we look for uses of cash or deployment of that cash, those are the 2 primary things we look at. The reason why we've got debt on our balance sheet is because we've been aggressively repurchasing shares back here in the U.S., and that has allowed us to build up the debt balance on our balance sheet.
Craig Safian: Great, great. So I'll start at the top. So first question was on leverage beyond the gross margin line. So 2 comments there. One is we've consistently gotten great leverage out of our G&A cost. As a percentage of revenue, they have come down consistently year-after-year. And that's why we are investing in lots of areas. We're a bigger company with more people. We've scaled up our recruiting capability and things like that. But even with all of that, we've continued to get nice leverage out of the G&A portion of SG&A. On the S side, the reason why we're so focused on sales productivity is as we drive sales productivity up, we can start to get potentially leverage from that line as well. That's more of a long-term view. But as you model out into the future, we'll get leverage on the gross margin line, just based on the pure economics of our business, we'll get leverage on G&A. And as we improve sales productivity, we'll start to look -- level off and then potentially get leverage there. On the tax comment, we did have a onetime adjustment this quarter related to the use of foreign tax credits. It had a big impact on the quarter because it's a small earnings quarter. So call it a roughly $0.02 impact on EPS for the quarter. For a full year perspective, we're still expecting around 32.5% rate. And again, the reason why it was so big is just because the adjustment happened on a small earnings quarter. And then lastly, your question on FX and flow-through. Yes. So what the natural hedge implies is that whatever impact we have on revenue roughly flows through at our operating margin.
Craig Safian: So I think on a full year basis, we'd expect to see what we've historically seen, which is for the full year, SG&A as a percentage of revenue will increase slightly over what we saw from 2013.
Craig Safian: And Bill, if you look at -- the reason we raised our guidance on the Events is because of our confidence around the advanced bookings and advanced registrations at the Events in fourth quarter that have happened and will happen.
