Eugene A. Hall: Thank you, Sherief, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our Q1 2016 earnings call. Starting strong in the first quarter of the year is the best way to have a great full year and we had a great start to 2016. First quarter, we delivered against all of our key metrics including double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, and earnings per share. In addition, we continue to drive strong free cash flow conversion. As many of you know, we do business in more than 90 countries around the world. Because of ongoing currency fluctuations globally, we're going to talk about our results in FX-neutral terms to give a clear understanding of how we're doing. For the first quarter of 2016 total company revenues increased by 21% and EBITDA increased by 31%. These resulted were driven by robust performance in all three of our business segments and demand for our services remained strong. Research is the core of our business and our largest and most profitable segment. Research revenues accelerated to 18% growth in the first quarter, exceeding our expectations. These results were driven by strong contract value growth and contributions from our recent acquisitions. Contract value growth for the first quarter of 2016 was 14%. We achieved double-digit contract value growth in every region, in almost every industry, and across every size company. Client retention was at 84% and wallet retention was 105%, which are near our all-time highs. Our Consulting business enables us to deepen our research relationships with our largest clients. For Q1 2016 our Consulting business had one of the strongest quarters it's ever had with revenue growth of 12%. Backlog which is a leading indicator of future revenue growth for this business segment grew 17% over this time last year. And these results were a result of broad contributions from all consulting practice areas and regions. Our Events business also achieved another strong quarter of double-digit growth in the first quarter of 2016 with revenues up 10% on a same-events basis. We hosted more than 7,600 attendees across 12 events we held in the quarter and advance bookings for events are growing at strong double-digit rates. Our results continue to reflect the tremendous value we deliver to our clients. Technology is critical to every company in the world. Every enterprise is concerned about cyber-security. Every enterprise is worried about technology disruption. And technology is the key to fuel in cost reduction, whether the enterprise is looking to find new growth initiatives or cut costs. Technology is changing everything and the rate of technology-driven change is accelerating. It will never be this slow again. Enterprises know they need help. Gartner is at the heart of technology. Our clients rely on us for making independent objective and fact-based insights when making critical technology decisions. Our services deliver tremendous value at very high ROI, more than paying for themselves. Whether the enterprise is thriving or facing economic challenges Gartner has the insight advice our clients need to achieve success with their mission-critical priorities. As you may have heard me say in the past, Gartner is a people business. We continue to make significant investments in attracting top talents and they're paying off. We often get recognized externally. Here's a couple of examples. Forbes named us one of their Most Innovative Growth Companies for 2015. We were also named one of Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies for 2016 and there are many more. A few weeks ago, I was with a number of our top-performing sales people. These were sales people from all around the world who had previously worked in other leading technology companies. One manager I spoke with told me, he describes a sales role at Gartner as a destination job. He said Gartner delivers tremendous value to our clients with incredible training, tools, products and services, and the Gartner name gets you access to C-level clients anywhere in the world. You don't come to Gartner on your way to somewhere else, Gartner is the place you're trying to get to. It's not about a job, this is a place we build a career. And I get this feedback from across our sales organization and throughout our business, including Research, Events, Consulting and more. Gartner is a growth company and we continue to invest in the development of our people along with the products and services that add the most value to our clients. I remain excited for continued double-digit growth well into the future. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Craig who will provide more detail on our business results.
Eugene A. Hall: Hey, Tim. It's Gene. So first, of course, is our sales capacity. We've continued to expand our sales capacity. And obviously, the more sales we have, the faster we grow. And if you look at the new business growth, it's kind of in line with our – the increase in our sales head count. Now, as you also know, in addition to that, we have other things that are working at improving our new business growth; things like making sure we recruit the best people, things like making sure we give people the best tools to make them productive, and, of course, great training. So that's kind of what's behind the new business growth.
Eugene A. Hall: It's a great question, Jeff. So the shift to cloud is great for us. Any time our clients are making changes that are important to their business, it obviously drives – they want help figuring out what the right thing to do is. We are the authoritative source globally for figuring these kind of problems out. And our clients are the people that are the CIO, the Head of Security, the Head of Application Development; they're senior level clients. And so even if an organization has fewer, for example, operations people, because they've outsourced some of the data centers to the cloud or whatever, doesn't affect our key client base. And so you have, first, the demand being driven by – the change is good for us, the cloud, because people need help; and, secondly, our clients are not the ones – if there are job changes, our clients are not the ones that are affected, because we sell to the senior level clients.
Eugene A. Hall: It's a great question. As I mentioned in my little story about some of the sales people I met recently, Gartner really is a very attractive place for any of our associates, particularly in sales. And so when we go to prospective sales people and talk to them about, again, the selling environment, the training that they have, the ability to get access using our brand name, we don't have any trouble recruiting great sales people.
Eugene A. Hall: So I'm going to give you our usual answer which is, we track on the order of 100 companies at any one point in time. And when we see targets that look like they have great opportunities for us, we go after them. And obviously I can't talk any more specifically than that.
Eugene A. Hall: Great question. So we – as you know, our largest business is selling to IT professionals, CIOs, Chiefs of Security etcetera. We, a few years ago, entered the supply chain business and we have a business there that sells to the Chief Supply Chain Officers, Heads of Manufacturing, Heads of Distribution, to the analogous functional leaders that are in the supply chain. And we have a research team that does just supply chain research. There is some minor overlap with IT, but it's really about how do you – if you're one of these, either Chief Supply Chain Officer or Head of Manufacturing or Head of Distribution and Logistics, how do you run that as an organization. The whole concept of syndicated research is just as valuable for supply chain leaders as it is for IT leaders. And so that business has been a great business for us. It's growing even faster than our IT business, doing great and has similar economics. Marketing, we entered into market – a similar marketing product, selling again to Chief Marketing Officers and people who are in charge of digital marketing etcetera. And most all organizations these days, even government entities often have people that are in charge of things like digital marketing. And there is the similar kind of change going on in marketing as there is in IT. So we entered that business organically a few years ago. And again, the clients there get just as much value out of syndicated research, they have their own kinds of problems in terms of, like, how do I optimize my search engine marketing, how do I – all that kind of stuff. And so that's another business, again, growing faster than – even faster than our IT business and doing great.
Eugene A. Hall: So, Andre, great question. We have traditionally served a target market of the larger companies, and this universe of more than 100,000 of these companies that you can think about spend at least $10 million a year on IT. That's kind of have been our traditional target market which we serve about 11,000 out of the more than 100,000 there are today. We think there's actually, by the way, considerably more than 100,000. Having said that, small businesses have the same kind of needs for what are the best practices of IT, what are the best products and services for those small businesses to buy, et cetera. And so there are literally tens of millions of those businesses that spend less than $10 million a year in IT. And so we've entered – we weren't really in that space until about two years ago. We've entered that space with the three acquisitions and it's a great market for us, growing nicely and contributes great to the Research business and provides great value to those clients that didn't really have that opportunity before.
Eugene A. Hall: So as you pointed out, in our Consulting business, building a strong cadre of managing partners is a core part of the strategy for that business. We've been doing it over several years. We've gotten now to where we actually have a critical mass of managing partners. And we're finding that it's working, if anything, better than we even expected, exceeding our expectations, doing great. We not only have – there's two factors there. One is that we have more of them, but also they're individual, I will call it, productivity has exceeded our expectations. And we think that there's room to continue to add managing partners on a go-forward basis at kind of a similar rate to we've done in the past.
Eugene A. Hall: I'm not completely familiar with the trade weighted dollar, so I can't really talk to that. All I can tell you is, obviously, we know the mix of our business and we run it through all of our models assuming the foreign exchange rates prevailing at the end of the quarter. But one thing I'd also say is, the initial guidance we gave was actually based on foreign exchange rates at the beginning of February, not the end of December. So there may be a little bit of a dislocation between end of year and when we gave our initial guidance.
Eugene A. Hall: Hey, Peter. It's Gene. So we've given you kind of our aspirations to grow our sales head count 15% to 20% a year. We absolutely, as you say, drive it up or down based on what we see in sales productivity. So if we see an area, for example, where we have some operational issues to address whatever – we're not going to – we're going to hold the sales force growth there until we get those operational issues addressed. Conversely, we have places that are doing really well; we'll be accelerating the growth there. So if you look at our sales teams, we have large sales teams that are growing on the order of 25% a year, and then – where things are really doing operationally great. We have other sales teams that are growing low single digits, because we have work to do operationally. And so that's – again, we expect it to be in the range of 15% to 20%, and it's based on what operational impacts we're seeing.
Eugene A. Hall: Hey, it's Gene. So in Consulting the – part of our consulting strategy has been over time – and this has been over a period of years – to drive into larger projects. But it's not like four times larger, or – it's basically to make the projects a little larger each year, the average project size. And we do that because it's a better way to add value to our clients and it helps with our economics as well. So there's nothing this quarter that sort of – there's nothing out of trend with that this quarter, in terms of did we get like three large projects that accounted for it, or something like that. It's actually just part of a steady change over time of getting larger projects. And we said that the projects are still pretty small compared to what you might think about as a consulting organization. In terms of – go ahead.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, we have a very clear strategy in the Consulting business, which is to make sure it's an extension of research for those clients that want to have more in-depth help than they get either reading documents or with a half-hour phone call with an analyst. Obviously, it's very valuable to – there's a segment of clients for whom it's very valuable. And so we've been adding – that's part of our strategy. In addition to that, it's having a little larger engagement each year in terms of supporting that strategy, and then having – growing our cadre of managing partners so that we have an ability to have managing partners that can directly work with those clients. All of those things are, I think, bode well for the long-term growth of the business, and it's part of the reason we've seen this uptick in the last couple of quarters in the bookings – the backlog growth as well as the revenue growth.
Eugene A. Hall: So – first, one of our strategies is clearly to sell more to our existing clients. As for our growth, we grow through two ways. One is selling new enterprises and the second is selling more to our existing clients. If we sell more to our existing enterprises, then obviously that's going to grow and we've had a very good track record of doing it. We've had a sustained track record of doing that over many years, which continued into Q1. We saw one thing that was a little unusual in Q1 for us, which is we had more of our smaller clients being – significantly more – being a part of mergers and acquisitions in Q1 than we have seen, if you compare it to any, actually any time since we've been reporting this data. And so part of – if you saw the number of enterprises went down, I'm sorry – didn't grow as fast as you might have expected, it is primarily driven by the fact that there was more M&A activity sort of out of trend than we've seen in the past, which – obviously, that drives the number of enterprises' growth rate not as fast.
Eugene A. Hall: So we are very focused on sales productivity. As you've heard me talk about before and as I talked even earlier today about – it's driven by making sure we hire people that have the right fit to sell Gartner's product line, making sure we have – give them great training, and making sure we give them world-class tools. And those – all those aspects are improving; all three of those, we improve every single quarter. And I think on – all other things being equal, they would – in fact, if you look internally, all other things being equal, our sales productivity would grow up. On the other side of that is – as Craig pointed out earlier, the macroeconomic situation in the world isn't that great. And so we're kind of having – if we look at the internal metrics, if all other things being equal, our productivity would have gone up, but there are a lot of places in the world today that are challenging. And that's sort of compensating for that, which is giving us that flat productivity.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, you hit the nail on the head there, which is what happens – different things happen depending on the circumstances. So if a company is buying another company, because they are buying a new product area they want to invest in, then actually we might end up with an accelerated growth rate from a contract value from that company. By the way the client count would go down, one, the enterprise count will go down, but our CV growth, so it actually happens that our CV growth would go up in that kind of circumstance. Unfortunately, there are other circumstances where one company buys another, they lay off half the people. And in some cases, those half – the people get laid off are our clients, like – I'll give you an example, if one company buys another and they don't hold as a separate unit, they may have just one CIO, and so we used to have two CIOs as clients, now we only have one CIO as a client. And that works for all the other functions as well. So when we have M&A, it definitely puts our number of enterprises client count, our contract value can go up or go down depending on the type of acquisition it is. And we – again, we see a good mix of both of those. It's not kind of like 90% one or the other. There's a good mix of both growth and shrinkage.
Eugene A. Hall: So we're very happy with the level of utilization we have in Consulting. Having said that, we think we can continue to make operational improvements that will over time drive that up by modest amounts each year. So again, we've got great economics of utilization we have – but again, we think there are modest improvements. There are changes in the business that will give us modest improvement to utilization each year and it has to do with things like – we talked early about deal size, the larger a deal is, the higher your utilization – all other things being equal, the higher utilization. The more we have constant client relationships, which are driven by managing partner strategy, the higher the utilization is in for the same size, average contract size. So those are kind of ideal sort of levers that you get that we think over time will drive modest improvements in our Consulting utilization. Again, we're happy with the utilization today there as well.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, thanks again for joining us today on today's call. And as you heard, we had a very strong Q1 and our updated guidance for 2016 demonstrates that we're very bullish about our ability to continue delivering double-digit earnings growth and strong cash flow conversion over the long term. And we're in an enviable position as an organization. We have more impact on IT end-users and technology providers than any other company in the world: cyber security, disruption, operational efficiencies, technology is affecting every single enterprise. And we provide similar values as we discussed in the call to our clients in supply chain digital marketing. This gives us a vast market opportunity. We have a powerful value proposition of winning strategy. We operate in varying macroeconomic climates around the world and we know how to deliver intrinsic value whether our clients are in distress or they're thriving. We know the right things to do to be successful and we're doing them. As I mentioned at the beginning of the call and as you heard from Craig, having a strong first quarter is the best way to deliver strong performance for the full-year. And with our strong Q1 performance and increased guidance, we're off to a great start and we look forward to updating you on our next earnings call. Thanks for joining us today.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Tim. It's Craig. On the raise, it's a $10 million raise on a $1.8 billion number, so a pretty modest increase. That said, two prime things. One is the acquired businesses, as I mentioned, performed better than we had anticipated and we're flowing that benefit through; and then, there's a little bit of a new business upside. Again, most of our subscription-based revenue is locked as you say, but we made a modest adjustment upwards to reflect the strength we had in Q1.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. On the margin side; Jeff, I mean, we're focused obviously on the gross margin and continuing to drive improvements there. But ultimately the measure is our normalized EBITDA margin as you said.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. The changes since last quarter are really minimal. The way to think about foreign exchange going forward is, we're beginning to lap the big increases in the U.S. dollar that we experienced last year. And so this quarter, if you looked at it line by line, as we talked about the difference between reported and FX-neutral, it was a 1 point to 3 point impact, whereas last year it was a 6 point to 8 point impact. And so we would expect that to actually close a little bit as we go through the year. That said, our guidance based on recent spot rates is really no different than what we gave as our original guidance at the beginning of the year.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. Good morning, Anj. Thanks for the question. On the G&A leverage point, I think we've consistently – so your first question around harvesting the low-hanging fruit; yes, we did that over the last several years. That said, all the G&A functions within the company are insanely focused on being more productive and more efficient each and every year. And by virtue of that, even with the growth we have, we are growing those functions at a significantly lower rate than we're growing revenue. And that's where the G&A leverage comes from. And we believe we can continue to drive G&A leverage into the future.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah, Anj. On a year-over-year basis, the Research contribution margins were roughly flat at 70%. The acquired businesses are still small enough that they don't have a significant impact on the margins. And what I'd say is, the margins came in right around where we expected them to come in for the quarter.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. If we look at the areas that were most challenging that we've talked about over the last two quarters, if you strip those out, productivity is roughly flattish on a rolling four-quarter basis.
Craig W. Safian: Good morning, Ryan. When we guided for the year, we talked about roughly flat productivity compared to what we delivered in 2015 on an FX-neutral basis. Our Q1 results are essentially that. And so while we're a little down on a year-over-year basis, coming out of Q4 we're roughly flat to what we did last year. And that's obviously the biggest lever or one of the largest levers in terms of margin. But there are obviously other levers that can work in our benefit as well. If you look at the guidance and you extrapolate the EBITDA margins, they're roughly flat to modestly up on a full-year basis, and that's consistent with what we talked about last quarter, our previous guidance, and our current guidance obviously.
Craig W. Safian: Yes. So the expectation Patrick (42:10) is still for the same roughly 63 events for the full year. Obviously, as you saw, we did move three large – and the larger events tend to be more profitable event into Q1 out of Q2. And so our expectation around Q2 events is, obviously, without those large events, that were actually nice growers as well, we'll see declining events revenue on a reported basis in Q2. We still expect roughly double-digit growth on a same-events basis. That's obviously going to impact the margins. We don't give specific margin guidance on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But obviously with those three large events not in Q2, we'll have an impact on the Events margins. And quite frankly, the overall company margins for the second quarter.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Gary. It's Craig. It's a great question. The truth is no change really in the payments that were going out the door. It was actually a balance sheet classification change. And so, in effect, we had funded this year's outflow at time of acquisition. It was still sitting on our balance sheet. And – so the cash had already gone out in effect. And all we've done is reflect the fact that we had actually funded that out of cash flow two years ago when we did the deal and we had mistakenly assumed they would actually flow out of our cash flow balance. So really no change in the economics, no change in the contractual terms, just a balance sheet classification; and the effect was there was no impact on free cash flow. So the reason why we took up – cash flow up in part was because there was no going out from that payment since it has already gone out, and then there was no add-back since it hadn't gone out. So I apologize if that was a circular convoluted complex answer, but that's the best way I can explain it.
Craig W. Safian: No. Again, Gary, the free cash flow was unchanged. It was really a balance sheet classification thing.
Craig W. Safian: Gary, the way we think about it, obviously, the amount of buyback on a quarter-by-quarter basis does bounce around and there is not – nor is there by design consistency around the pace of repurchasing. I guess what I tell you is when we look at capital deployment, it's the same story, we continue to have two priorities: strategic acquisitions that drive value for our shareholders, and that followed by share repurchases. Over the last two years, we've deployed over $1.2 billion on the combination of strategic value enhancing acquisitions and return of capital to shareholders through share repurchases. We are still very, very focused on deploying our capital to drive value for shareholders and again it's going to be through that combination of strategic acquisitions and share repurchases.
Craig W. Safian: Good morning, Peter. I think the way to think about the margin expansion on the quarter is, the bulk of it is actually due to the moving of events. So obviously not having them in the quarter last year compared to having those three large profitable events in the quarter this year moves the needle on EBITDA margin. I think the way to think about the business is look at the full-year outlook and look at the assumed EBITDA margins based on the low, mid and high point of our guidance, and that's the way we're thinking about the margin expansion.
Craig W. Safian: So your math is correct. The midpoint is 19.1%. As we've said, Peter, we are very, very focused on continuing to invest to drive growth in the business. We're going to continue to do that. We do expect to drive gross margin leverage over the long term just based on the continued shift in mix to our more profitable Research business. And that's really the prime focus. We're delivering great profitability and great profit growth. But again, we are primarily laser-focused on continuing to invest to drive really super organic growth for the top line.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Joe. Good morning. It's Craig. The outlook for the business is unchanged from the beginning of the year. We still expect 10% to 16% FX-neutral growth for the full year. Obviously, Q2 will look a little wonky due to the pull-forward of events. But as Gene mentioned in his opening remarks, advance bookings on Q2 and Q3 and Q4 events all look very positive and support this trend. And so, again, this is a great business. It's grown really, really well over the last several years, and we expect it to continue to contribute double-digit growth rates for 2016.
