Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Jeff. Thanks for the questions, in terms of the underlying margin. No, it wasn't locked in on 20.0% as low twenties. As we've looked at the business over the last few years we've learned a lot through the pandemic, et cetera. And so we're now comfortable that the underlying margins of the business are in the low twenties. And again, we can grow the top line double digit growth rates into the future and we can modestly expand margins from that point as well. In terms of – yeah, go ahead.
Craig Safian: Yeah. So that was the second part of the question. So again, the way we are thinking about running the business is again, we believe that there still is a huge untapped market opportunity. We believe one of the ways that we go capture that untapped market opportunity is by continuing to grow the sales force and again making sure we've got the right insights and the right number of analyst and advisors, et cetera. If there were to be recessionary impact on the business, we would toggle the investment growth rates in each of those areas to ensure that we could deliver those underlying margins and also ensure that we could drive modest margin expansion into the future as well.
Craig Safian: And Jeff, I would just echo having read briefly your report earlier this morning the compares are super tough in Q2 and they remain pretty tough throughout the balance of the year. We're still growing CV at a great growth rate. You heard some of the other metrics around their underlying businesses in conferences and consulting as well and so very tough compares for the balance of this year, but still feel good about the momentum of the business.
Craig Safian: And the other thing I'd add George is just, as we look at over the medium-term, we believe given the market opportunity and our ability to go capture that market, that both GTS and GBS can be consistent 12% to 16% growers. And so, yes, GBS is growing a little bit ahead of that right now, but we remain very, very, very confident that both GTS and GBS can continue to grow at very strong double digit growth rates.
Craig Safian: Yeah, it's a great question. So let me attempt to clarify because it is a very important question. So number one, I would say just as context, we can grow our top line at double digit growth rates and modestly expand margins over time. And there is operating leverage in the business at another way, right? So those are kind of two key points. When we were discussing the 20% normalized margin, we were really looking back to 2021 and attempting to give a view on if things had been “more normal” what would our operating or EBITDA margins, what would they have been in 2021? What we're now providing is more of a go forward view around what do we believe the operating margins are that we can run the business at. And we have moved that higher over time to your point because we've gotten increased visibility into better ways to run our business. And so what is the new normal for travel expenses? What is the new normal for the amount of real estate we need? What does it look like when in-person conferences come back into the portfolio and what does it look like as we catch up on headcount and then continue to grow and invest to support and sustain future growth and so the way to think about that low-twenties number is yes, it's an update but it's also a view towards what do we think the underlying margins of the business are that we can modestly expand on.
Craig Safian: Yes, absolutely. So you've hit on a number of the items that will impact the margins in the second half of the year. So we're very aggressive on hiring the first half and we expect to remain as aggressive in the second half as we continue to catch up from hiring from 2021 and we also make sure that we're investing appropriately for the future so that's a big piece that goes into the cost base for the second half of year. The second big thing is resumption of travel. And some of that is tied to us returning to in-person destination conferences, but a lot of it is just normal, we run global teams and we want our leaders to be in front of those global teams and so we'll see that ramp up in the second half of the year as well. Third thing is our normal comp adjustment period happens April 1. So we only have one quarter of that in the first half of the year. We obviously have two quarters of that in the second half of the year. And so those are the three biggies as you think about bridging the expenses. And then the fourth one is with the return to in-person destination conferences. Obviously there's a lot of variable cost in delivering those in-person.
Craig Safian: Yes, I mean, I think Greg, the way to think about it is we want to make sure that we are matching our price increases with wage inflation or cost inflation. The bulk of our costs are people related. So we feel good that we are matching our price increases with what we're seeing on our wages.
Craig Safian: Yes, and Andrew, when we say broad based growth, it is broad based. So we look at it across our top 10 geographies, they're all growing at nice growth rates. When we look across industry cuts, they're all growing at nice growth rates. And so, yes, there are always pockets where there may be a little bit of a challenge for us, but generally those are either like super micro challenges or our own operational challenges. But the growth has remained pretty broad based. The biggest indicator where we've been growing and not growing is where a headcount, our sales headcount has grown faster or slower.
Craig Safian: Yes, Seth. Good morning. It's a good question. So I think the second half of the year will be more indicative of “normal travel”, starting off the year, this year, given where we were with the pandemic, it was a little light in the first three or four months of the year and has started to pick back up. And so, yes, second half is probably more indicative. I think the way we're thinking about it is as compared to the last “normal year” back in 2019 where we expect to spend probably at least 50% less than we did in 2019. And again, we just think that the company and our associate base has embraced and thrived, operating virtually. We still do need to travel, but we don't need to travel at the same volume that we did back in 2019.
Craig Safian: Yes, Seth, I think it just reflects that our clients had challenges that our clients had challenges that they need help with and then our content and the way we deliver the content was through consulting conferences or research is really helpful in helping them solve the problems. And so I think it's indicative, but we have a great value proposition, just kind of what's going on.
Craig Safian: Yes Seth. It is we had a really strong year on that line last year. So tough compares there, which again, we did model into our initial guidance and our updated guides as well, but to Gene's point, the products and offerings we have there offer a very strong and compelling value proposition in good times or rougher times. And so we still expect it to be a nice strong grower for us, but again, super tough compare against the 2021 performance.
Craig Safian: And Brendan, the way to think about that is that's sort of the normal algorithm for how we want to make sure that we are investing for both current needs and future sustained growth. Obviously, this year to Gene's point, we are doing a lot of catching up. And so you'll see those growth rates a little bit higher potentially obviously with GBS up at 17 and we're fully expecting both GTS and GBS to end the year with strong double-digit quota-bearing headcount growth.
Craig Safian: Yes. So I think, Brendan, obviously the second quarter, where our first in-person destination conferences in a few years and so we were pretty cautious about our expectations around the number of exhibitors and number of attendees that would want to come, would be able to come. And as you heard in our comments, I think both groups enthusiastically returned in the second quarter. And as Gene mentioned, earlier our bookings leading through our Q3 events and even the advanced bookings on Q4 conferences, look very strong as well. And so the update, the outlook is really just around some caution upfront because we hadn't delivered anything in person in essentially three – almost three years. And we saw an enthusiastic return from both revenue streams, attendees and our exhibitors.
Craig Safian: Hey Stephanie, good morning. From an M&A perspective, obviously, we've got a team that is actively out there looking at opportunities and staying in touch with a few hundred companies and actually tracking well more than that. I think our strategy as we've articulated is number one, we're an organic growth company and we believe we can achieve our medium term objectives of the double-digit growth and modest margin expansion organically. And so it does not require M&A to get there. That said, we do like to do M&A, when it can fill a gap or catalyze us or add an asset or capability or things like that. So I think as we look at the radar screen, we are looking at things that can catalyze us or fill in gaps or add assets to our portfolio that can help us over the long-term. I think there obviously over the last two or three quarters just like the equity markets has been a recalibration around valuations. I'm not sure every seller has completely recalibrated yet either. But again, we'll continue to be on the lookout for strong strategic value enhancing tuck-in opportunities that again can either catalyze growth, fill in a gap or add important assets for us.
Gene Hall: Hi Jeff, it’s Gene. So the selling environment has been quite I think stable and good compared to Q1. Again, as you said we had near record new business levels. We have near record retention levels. Our conferences booking for both the exhibitors and attendees was very strong and that's been reflected in our guidance going forward, I believe the consulting business had one of the best quarters we've ever had with revenues of 20%, backlog up 45%. And there's kind of nothing, if we look under the covers that that would lead you to believe in Q2, there isn’t anything other than selling and growth was quite robust.
Gene Hall: Hi, Heather, it’s Gene. So we're very cognizant, always of the environment around us, and we try to make sure that we're as a business prepared for where the world is going and clearly being concerned about a macroeconomic downturn, one of those things. And first thing is, at any given point in time, we have clients that are growing clients that are shrinking and clients in between. So we always have clients that are struggling. What we see in a macroeconomic downturn is just more of those clients, but we do it all the time. Now, as I mentioned earlier, we've constantly adjust to try and make sure we are prepared for whatever economic environment comes. And we do this in a number of ways. One of them is we actually do surveys for our clients to understand kind of where their mindset is, what they're concerned about. In fact, in July, we did a survey of more than 150 Chief Financial Officers of our clients to see what was on their mind and therefore how she respond. And they have three priorities. One was securing talent, they're still seeing that it's hard to hire talent, and they're concerned about the wages for those talent. The second one is they want to keep accelerating digital, even in downturn. In fact, we asked these CFOs, what are they going to do in the downturn? 69% said, they're going to continue to increase spending on technology to downturn, 28% said they're going to maintain it and 3% said, they're going to decrease it. So this continued investment technology to prove the economics of business continues on. And the third priority was to manage spending on things like operations, real estate, travel, to pay to hire people and pay higher wages as well as to do these investments in digital. So what we're doing is we're taking our research content and line it with those kinds of priorities, help the clients, making sure they secure talent and manage with inflation, making sure they can continue to accelerate the digital impact on their business. And thirdly, most important maybe helping them to manage spend that's a big part of our business all the time. And we recently updated our, what we call cost optimization work to make sure we can help them with it. So we've updated our research based on, and I gave you the CFO survey. We do surveys all three level executives understand what their individual priorities are. We then update our research, make sure it's on those most construing topics. And then in fact, in July we introduced trainings all our sales people and our service people in terms of what are the most important issues today with clients like the things I just mentioned and how has our research changed so that we can match those fees. And then, we'll continue to do that going forward. And so this wasn't kind of a one-time thing we do once, we do this on an ongoing basis. So part of our strategy is to make sure our content is always on the topics people find important. Now, clearly one of those things is going to be how to manage costs and we will help them with that. But then making sure that all of our sales and service people are equipped to have conversations with senior executives on how we can help them with those priorities. And if this agility is the core part of our business, we also do structural things in our business. Like, if you – the share of both of your contracts we have is quite high and we first strategy to grow that over time. And so it is those two things making sure our content is great, our sales group preferred and making sure the underlying structural factors we can control are also there. That is, if you look over time, we perform better and better at each downturn. And we're certainly aware it might be a downturn and are preparing for it.
Gene Hall: So I'd say we haven't seen longer contracting cycles. I would say we see escalations it's more likely that a contract would be reviewed by a CFO than it was a year ago. Because we train our sales people, should that that's likely to happen and to be prepared for it. And to both prepare our meeting client who might be like the Chief HR Executive and Chief Information Officer that they might have to go to their CFO and review it and make sure they have what we call a CFO ready packet.
Gene Hall: Yeah. Hey George. I think it reflects the investments that we've made more than anything else. So you go back in fact, go back five years ago, we began investing pretty heavily in areas outside of IT. So I think marketing, supply chain, finance, HR, legal, sales those were areas that hadn't traditionally been strong for us. We were in a couple of them, we hadn’t been strong. We after investments significantly both buying [indiscernible] and then after bought CEB with investments and what we're seeing in the accelerated growth rate in GBS now is the outcome of those investments. We kind of invested up front there's a lot of discussion about it at the time. And we increased sales capacity, increased research capacity, service capacity, developed a lot of content, and we're seeing the benefits of those. And so I think that's the first piece. The second piece is one of the major factors to grow our business. Clearly with this huge market opportunity is growing our sales head count. And while we increase sales productivity, we've had some good increase in productivity. Growing sales headcount is essential. And so the fact that we've grown our GBS head sales headcount faster over time, not with this quarter, but if you look at like over the last since 2019, we've grown our GBS sales headcount at compound growth rate of about 60% a year, I'm sorry about 5% a year. And that is which is faster than GTS, which is about flat. And so that's allowed the growth to be a lot higher in GBS. So those two things, the combination of the investments and the growth in Salesforce is what's really powered the faster CV growth.
Gene Hall: Yes, Andrew, great question. So the first in terms of our attrition, we want to retain our great associates. Attrition like many companies went up over the last couple years. We worked hard to understand the causes and then making sure that we address that. And actually our associate turnover has actually gone down now to kind of what we would call normal levels. And so we're very happy with that turnover. In addition to that, we have a very strong recruiting team. We have a truly world-class recruiting team and that recruiting team's been doing a great job and of course we have a great employee value proposition as well. So you combine those three things, lower turnover, a great employee value proposition, a crack recruiting team. That's allowed us to get our net associate headcount growth back up to where we need to support the growth in our business.
Gene Hall: Yes. Hey, there's – what I say is there's nothing systematic. If you look at Europe, Europe is proceeding along, there's some countries that are doing very well. There's some countries that aren't, and it's sort of typical of what we've seen. And then that is kind of flat and same is true for the rest of the world so nothing really remarkable in terms of U.S. versus different geographic region.
Gene Hall: Great question, Ryan, what I read in the press and what I see with a lot of other companies is a lot of challenges. I go to the CFO survey. One of the biggest concerns that CFOs have is their ability to hire talent. We've actually found that we've had no trouble hiring talent. Again, our employee value proposition is very strong. We have a great brand with associates and so we've had no trouble hiring people at all. And that's reflected in the hiring results that you saw.
Gene Hall: No, I don't think so. I mean, it's a relatively small line and it can be a little volatile. Again, I think as we look across, I would look broadly across the business for leading indicators, not one of the smallest revenue lines that we actually have out there. So now I would guide you to look at consulting, look at conferences and look at our research CV growth as leading indicators.
Gene Hall: Hey Brendan, it's a great question. I mean our business grew really rapidly last year and more rapidly we've expected and so we had a lot of hiring to catch up on, including in GTS. And so we want to get that catch up hiring so that we can properly service our clients and also be prepared to sell more clients. And over time we expect to grow our GTS sales force and GBS’ by the way, take three to five percentage points slower than our CV growth. So CV growth is 15%, you'd expect to see over time our target would be headcount growth of 12% – 10% to 12% growth.
Gene Hall: Hey, Brendan, so the first piece of it is that we're seeing very, very robust demand for conferences. Exhibitors are finding it in a great way to meet prospects for them. And the attendees find tremendous value, so we're finding just very strong demand for our conferences continuing on. And then I'll let Craig talk about how [indiscernible].
Gene Hall: Hey Stephanie, great question. So tenure is an important determinant of productivity. When we hire new salesperson, it takes some time to fully get up to speed. And so a more tenure sales person is more productive. We're very focused on both hiring people to get up to speed quickly, as well as having internal training and other systems that help those new sales people get up to speed even faster. If you look at it, because we hired fewer people during the pandemic, the average tenure sales force last year was pretty high. The highest it's been in recent memory, as we ramped up our hiring, in Q2, it was more towards a normal tenure level as we keep hiring, we expect that to drop a bit for the rest of the year again during 2023.
Gene Hall: Well, summarizing today's call. In the second quarter, we drove strong performances across the business, across every geography, every industry, and every major function we deliver incredible value. We have strong demand for services with have a vast untapped market opportunity. We can drive sustained double-digit top line growth. As we invest for the future. We'll continue to return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders to our 2022 guidance. First of all, we increased our 2022 guidance. Thanks for joining us today. And we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
