Craig W. Safian: Hey. Good morning, Jeff. So, on the opening part of your question, from a planning perspective related to wages and things of that nature, it looks very much like we've seen in previous years, so really no change to report there. In terms of the margins, you're spot on. We are investing to support and drive future revenue growth. And as you followed us for many years, that's been our strategy. You can see it bearing out on the heritage Gartner Research side with our productivity accelerating, contract value growth accelerating, et cetera. And, again, our plan is on the CEB side to make sure that we are fortifying that business appropriately and also, as Gene mentioned, investing to drive future growth. So, the way we're thinking about it is this is a growth game and we are investing to make sure that we can drive sustainable, long-term, double-digit top line growth.
Craig W. Safian: That's a great question, Jeff. And I think you're spot on in your upfront assertion. It really does have to do with reaccelerating the contract value growth at heritage CEB. And once we do that, there is no reason why the overall conversion of adjusted net income to free cash flow can't be similar to what Gartner looked like prior to the acquisition. So, that is absolutely the goal. And, fundamentally, the business model supports that.
Craig W. Safian: Yes. Thank you and good morning, Gary. So, I guess, some context around the double-digit accretion question, and how we'll actually measure success. So, just from a starting point, CEB, the acquired business, great research, great products, great content, great methodologies, and the combination of Gartner and CEB is unequivocally better than either company would have been alone. One of the things we have learned though is that – and you knew this, too, from following them that they had underinvested significantly in particularly areas that actually we know drive future growth. Since making the acquisition and actually getting in there, we've learned really two critical things. One, the strategic rationale for the acquisition is actually even more compelling than we thought. And two, there are actually more operational areas that needed fixing and significant underinvestment in areas that we know drive retention and growth. And when we entered into the deal – and, again, this was January of 2017 when we announced, we couldn't be certain around how long it would take us to close, how long it would take us to integrate. As Gene mentioned, we closed quicker than expected and are executing ahead of our plan on the integration. And so, those things were going really well, and that allowed us to do two things: one, actually start addressing the operational issues sooner or more quickly; and two, pull forward growth investments more aggressively with a higher degree of confidence. And so, where we are today is we understand the operational issues. We know how to fix them. We're fixing them and making really good progress on that. We've also moved to significantly simplify the business. And, obviously, the announcement on the divestiture of the CEB Talent Assessment business is a big step towards simplification. And so, the transaction or the net result is – the transaction is still accretive in 2017 and 2018, although less than we originally thought of. But our view is we've made the right trade-off for investors because we get to have a much stronger, better positioned business sooner than we otherwise would have. And then, the other thing I'd say, just to kind of close, is we now have an even higher conviction in our ability to deliver that double-digit CV growth in 2020 than we did when we announced the deal.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah, Gary, I guess two things. One is on the fortifying areas I can give you a couple of examples. Probably the most notable one that has an impact or had an impact on their results were open territories. And so, when we acquired the business, there were significant amount of open territories in the Talent Assessment business, significant amount of open territories in the heritage CEB Research business, frontline sellers and a significant amount of open territories in all the sales support functions, to name a few. And, obviously, we know this from fact. You sell less when you have open territories and when you actually have people in the territory. And so, those are some examples of fortification of the core. In terms of the goals for the future, we're not adjusting that long-term expectation. That said, as I just mentioned and I think as Gene mentioned in his prepared remarks, all the things we're doing are to drive a stronger business that can grow faster and potentially sooner. We're still targeting that 2020 date for double-digit contract value growth, but we're putting in place all the things that should allow us to grow this business really, really fast, have a lot of strength, and set us up for future, sustained, double-digit growth.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Tim. Good morning. I'd say it's a little bit of both if you think about it. And so, as you know, our business model around hiring new salespeople, there is a lag in terms of the performance they deliver. And we've gone through this over the years where it takes a few years for a new salesperson to get up to "full productivity." And what that means is, in year one, we're paying full cost, but they're delivering half the productivity. In year two, we're paying full cost, but they're not delivering all the productivity. And then, by year three, they look like a normal tenured salesperson. And so, what you're seeing on the CEB side a little bit in 2018 is we've got the full cost of the territory expansion, but very little benefit baked into the P&L because it's a subscription-based model. Even if they sell a lot of stuff, it will likely be weighted to the back end of the year, therefore, not really flowing through from a revenue perspective in 2018. And then, we start seeing the benefit in 2019, et cetera. That said, what Gartner has done is we've got that virtuous cycle, if you will, of we're hiring new sales people, they graduate in tenure, but because we're about the long-term play here and driving sustained double-digit growth, we continue to invest in new people who then come in as new salespeople and then graduate into the tenure band and get more productive over time.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. Sure. Good morning, Manav. So, just a clarifying point. So, the 130% was just taking the 2018 free cash flow guidance midpoint over our adjusted net income free cash flow guidance. If you back out the $40 million reversal, if you will, it's closer to 120% conversion, just to clarify. In terms of the charges, there is a run out of charges, as you'd expect with a large transaction. There is the timing of retention bonuses, when people actually exit the business and get paid severance. We've got charges in there related to the decoupling of the Talent Assessment business. And so, while it looks like roughly the same level of cash on a year-over-year basis, it makes sense and again is related to carryover from stuff from the CEB deal and then a lot of stuff related to the Talent Assessment divestiture as well.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. It's a great point. Absolutely. And I think the interesting thing – and we'll re-run all these numbers once we close the deal – but, obviously, with that roughly $200 million of TA revenue no longer a part of Gartner, it makes the subscription-based portion of the business an even larger piece of the pie. And you're 100% right. That will help the free cash flow conversion rate on a go-forward basis.
Craig W. Safian: And, Anj, I would just add. In terms of the speed bumps, for lack of a better term, a lot of the downside we saw over the course of the year related to the Talent Assessment business and as we got in there and really analyzed it, there were a number of things that were causing that, most notably a significant amount of open territories. And so, we did invest to fortify that, fill open territories. If you look at bookings performance on that business, it was definitely better in the second half of 2017 than it was in the first half of 2017, and we got that out of the way. And, again, now, once we close that deal, that will no longer be a part of the overall Gartner business. The other thing I'd mention is just in pulling out the TA business, when it does happen, essentially it's been a low growth to no growth, declining-type business. And, obviously, with it coming out, just the raw Gartner growth rates will improve by 50 or 60 basis points on a comparable basis, and that will obviously help us on a go-forward basis as well. The other areas where we've seen those speed bumps, again, we've seen lots of positive signs after we've identified, assessed, and fixed them, whether it'd be around retention rates which again we've seen improving over the course of the year, whether it's around the performance from a bookings perspective on the Evanta business, in terms of their advance bookings and things of that nature. So, I think we feel good that now with essentially nine or 10 months of CEB under our belt operationally, we've identified all the problem areas. We've actually addressed them as well and should be operating from firmer ground on a go-forward basis.
Craig W. Safian: And on the implications within the guidance, we're obviously not breaking that out. But it's safe to assume in line with or a little bit better than reported contract value growth for the heritage CEB contract value. So, we said 1.5% on the overall heritage CEB contract value growth in 2017. That obviously drives the bulk of the revenue as we head into 2018.
Craig W. Safian: Hi. Good morning, Toni. So, as we talked about, we're selling about two-thirds of the Talent Assessment & Other segment, which consists essentially of the business formerly known as SHL that CEB had acquired in 2012. And so, that's about, as I mentioned, $200 million of revenue and about $38 million of EBITDA. And so, that's a little bit different than the contribution margin, because it is inclusive of SG&A, but on a net basis, about $38 million of EBITDA. So, that will leave us around $100 million of other, if you will. And those are predominantly training businesses and a few other smaller acquisitions that CEB had done over time. And it's again now representing post-divestiture $100 million on a $4 billion business, so a really, really small part of the overall business with what I would say our kind of average CEB growth rates associated with it. So, that's what will be left. Again, a really small part of the overall total Gartner revenue portfolio.
Craig W. Safian: Sure, a great question. So, obviously, the one other benefit of tax reform that isn't really factored in is the ability to repatriate foreign accumulated earnings. And, obviously, as we talked about during the prepared remarks, we've been knocking down our debt levels and again we view the optimal cap structure to have something in the neighborhood of 3 times gross leverage. And we're moving in that direction pretty rapidly. And when we closed the Talent Assessment divestiture, it accelerates our ability to get there. And then, of course, we have the great free cash flow generation of the combined business globally on a go-forward basis. So again, our view is about 3 times gross leverage is the right permanent fixture on our balance sheet. And then, once we get there, we return back to what our previous capital allocation strategy was, which was a combination of strategic value-enhancing M&A, which more likely in that means smaller to mid-size type acquisitions or in absence of that, return of capital to shareholders through our buyback programs. And so, once we get back down to those rough levels of around 3 times gross, we'll then revert back to our stated, tried and true capital allocation strategy around M&A and return of capital through buybacks.
Craig W. Safian: And, Michael, you're right. I'd point out a couple of facts. One is the labor-based portion of the business was up 12% in the fourth quarter, which is a really nice improvement from what we had seen, particularly in the first half of the year. That was offset a little bit by weakness or softness in the contract optimization business in the quarter. What I'd say is the contract optimization business actually had a very strong year, really super strong in the first half and then below our expectations a little bit in the second half, but overall delivered nice growth for us for the year. So, I think your observation is right. Labor-based was very strong in the fourth quarter. And, again, the backlog position we're in is probably the best or one of the best backlog positions we've been in entering a year in a while.
Craig W. Safian: Yes, sure. On the cost synergy side, I guess, I'd start with when we assessed the deal upfront and looked for cost synergy opportunities, we did not look in research because that was really the most important asset and we wanted to maintain that. And we didn't look in sales because again, as we know, the more salespeople you have, the more you generally sell. And we didn't want to touch service either. So, the cost synergy opportunities really fall in the G&A lines. And I'd put them in a handful of buckets. So, one is around redundant people, redundant functions, redundant processes. So, in finance, as an example, we only needed one CFO. And so, there was a savings opportunity there. We're consolidating everything into Gartner's accounting systems, Gartner's billing systems, Gartner's HR systems. Gartner's IT systems, et cetera. And so, as we do those consolidations and integrations, costs will go away. So, it's really around, first, the people and leveraging our centers of excellence and eliminating redundant roles. Two would be around eliminating redundant external spends whether they'd be on consultants, on software applications, on data centers, on things like that. And the one caution there is we're moving really well and rapidly, but there are certain elements of those spends that due to contract terms or due to needing to run dual or parallel platforms for some point of time, those don't get turned off until maybe 2019. And then the third major category is probably around facilities and consolidation of facilities. And so, we've started that in 2017 in some of our smaller city locations around the world. We're doing it much more aggressively in 2018 and there will remain opportunities to do that in 2019 and beyond. So, really focused on the G&A side and really focused around leveraging our scale whether it'd be on personnel, on external spend or on facilities.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Jeff. Good morning. So we've tried to be – we've been, I think, transparent on this. We talked about, I believe, on the Q3 call about our accelerate – on the territories specifics. It's a related support, so recruiting capacity, service people, the incremental territories, et cetera. So, it's now becoming real because we're actually doing the spending and hiring the people, but we have talked about it on at least last call and I think the two prior calls.
Craig W. Safian: And, George, good morning. It's Craig. This is what we've talked about for the last two or three quarters. We were focused on trying to get as much noise out of the way in 2017. When Gene discussed earlier about the speed of our integration, it was really around, number one, we saw the opportunity to go faster. Number two, we wanted to enter 2018 with as much behind us as possible. And that's why we pushed forward so much on changing the commercial terms and eliminating discounting and launching these new seat-based products. And so, there was a lot of change with particularly heritage CEB frontline sellers, which we've managed through and Gene talked a little bit earlier about adoption and speed of adoption. But, again, the goal was to get as much noise, if you will, behind us, so that we could enter 2018 in as clean a position as possible.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. I mean, obviously there are some fees that go out related to bankers and lawyers and also other associated costs. I think we've modeled in probably $350 million of that being available to pay down, maybe a little bit more, but in that neighborhood.
Eugene A. Hall: Hey, Jeff. It's Gene. I'll answer the first part of the question which is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, both the acquisition close and the acquisition integration has gone much faster than we had originally planned for. We had kind of a middle-of-the-road plan and we wanted to be aggressive and it turned out we could be aggressive both with the closing and also with the initial integration. And so, we're much further ahead than we had in our original plan. Because of that, we pulled forward some growth investments that we might have made 6 or 12 months down the road, because we believe that that will allow growth to accelerate faster as well. So, fundamentally, what's going on is, we went faster than we had originally expected on both closing and integration. That allowed us to pull these growth investments forward, things like increase the number of salespeople, increasing sales support, increasing customer service, new products that we've developed, closing open roles like with Evanta, for example. All those things are things that are going to have great payoff in growth and that we believe that growth moving forward.
Eugene A. Hall: Let me start with the second one first, Gary. As you know historically with the Gartner sales force, we determined how fast to expand the sales force based on assessing each individual first-level manager and what their capability was to absorb growth. What we did is the same thing on the CEB side. And so, we went through and looked at what's the capability of having more salespeople with each of the individual area managers and with the total number of area managers we had. And that's how we got the number of sales territories that we had. So, we think it's operationally feasible. And, for sure, as you know, the thing that has driven our growth over time is making sure the sales capacity to actually address this enormous market opportunity that we have. So, that's why we have – so we've set the growth rate based on what we believe is operationally feasible. Again, as we go forward, if we see that that's too fast or too slow, we'll adjust based on our actual results. And, again, in terms of the issue with our business, you hire the salespeople. They start selling. They sell things. They get contract value and then it turns into revenue. Now, for the other part of the question, go ahead.
Eugene A. Hall: And, Tim, it's Gene. In addition to that, for the heritage CEB salespeople, there were some differences in how they sold. So they use discount heavily and we don't use discounting. They sold enterprise agreements and we sell seat-based products. Their content of the products is different than it was before. And so, even the existing CEB salespeople, in the short-term, have got to learn different skills to be able to be as effective as they will be when they – or get up to speed on these. We're hoping that's a few months, but it definitely takes time to do that. And so, it's a combination of both the transition the existing heritage CEB salespeople have to do to this new world which we're well along and the all good leading (00:46:07) indicators are good, but we're not there yet. Combined with when we hire new salespeople, it takes a little bit of time for them to get up to speed.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah. Great question. So, what happened is we had very, very, very low turnover in our exhibitor sales force over a long period of time. We then had a surge. And it's a combination of things that just happened all at the same time, different careers, performance, whatever. It all happened at the same time. We didn't have enough recruiting capacity to match all the open territories we had. So, basically, it took a little while to get to speed. We now have the recruiting capacity to deal with that. We have the territories filled and there's two very good things looking forward to the business. The first is that our advance bookings for 2018 – in other words, the exhibitor bookings in – that will be realized in – the revenues will be realized in 2018, the bookings for those were up at substantial double-digit rates in 2017. So, we'll see those revenues. So, we go into 2018 with a great, call it, backlog of exhibitor bookings. And then, secondly, our – and this is important as well. Our attendees last year, as I mentioned in my remarks, were up 17% year-over-year which is an acceleration of tax equated attendee performance, and exhibitor revenues follow attendee revenues. When attendees are growing, exhibitors want to exhibit those events. When attendees aren't going to do, that's when they are declining, exhibitors don't like so much going to those events. And so, I think the combination of – we have the recruiting capacity. The territories are filled. Our advance bookings are up substantially. And the fact that the growth in attendees drive future exhibitor revenues gives us confidence that we're in a good track for 2018 and beyond with our events business.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah. Great question. So, in terms of the commercial terms, we introduced the new commercial terms last year. So, all of our salespeople, 100% of the Gartner and CEB salespeople have been selling on the new commercial terms since last year. So, we're well on the way there. And again, some people have switched immediately and are doing great. Others have to learn and it's a different talk track, answering questions like why you can't get a discount (00:51:32) and why you can't get an enterprise group, things like that. But everyone's been doing that and I feel like we're making great progress on that. In terms of new products, all the new products have been developed. We introduced a few of them last year. A lot have been introduced in January and the last ones will be – we're going to continue – we'll have – continues to do product development, but of the combined Gartner plus CEB content with a seat-based product in the first half we will have most of those out. Now, we're going to continue innovating because, as you know, on the Gartner side, we have products for the C-level, a different product for – that reports to the C-level, et cetera. And over time, we'll be rolling those kinds of products out as well throughout each of the CEB or the heritage CEB roles like HR, finance, et cetera.
Eugene A. Hall: So, Anj, what I would say first is that we had CEB advantage where we understand what the economics are and what the business is going to be like. And, over time, there's no reason – in fact, it's our expectation that the economics would be very similar to what Gartner was before we acquired CEB. And so, there's some upfront investments which we've talked about in the call and other times. But, over time, there's no reason margin shouldn't be very comparable to what we've done with Gartner over time.
Eugene A. Hall: Let me get to the second part first. So, the reason that we saw the acceleration, they were in the negative growth category for quite a period of time, and we see that uptick. The biggest issue has been the six-point improvement in retention I talked about which is an enormous amount in one year. And that's due to change in operational practices in terms of instituting some of the practices that you know so well from Gartner. So that's kind of what caused that improvement. And we're getting there. There's no reason that their retention, their wallet retention, client retention, can't be at the same exact levels as Gartner. And we see that happening over time, and then new business growth, again same levels.
Eugene A. Hall: Hi, Toni. It's Gene. So, first, I'd like to kind of just address one point which is that our growth is not really linked to IT spending. I mean, clients use us and need us when their spending is higher or even when their spending is lower. They're still spending an awful lot of money on IT. And whether it's growing at 3% or 4% or 1% or shrinking 1%, they still need a lot of help, and so that's not been a big factor for us. Having said that, the selling environment I would characterize today as being a normal selling environment. Meaning there are clients that are booming, there are clients that are okay, and clients in trouble if you look around the world and the different markets that we're in. So, I'd characterize it kind of a normal selling environment.
Eugene A. Hall: Again, it's Gene. Well, I'd say as I characterized it as a kind of normal environment, which is that the spending is – again there are companies that are doing really well that are kind of spending money on all kind of things, companies that are doing okay and companies that are in trouble who needs help figuring out how to allocate their funds even better. And so, I'd characterize kind of a normal selling environment, not especially good and not especially bad.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah. Great question, Michael. I mean, as I mentioned, Consulting, we had, again, some open territories there among our Managing Partners for different reasons, health, career change, et cetera, and not across the board, but it's of selected areas. Those have now been filled and we had a really good backlog. The backlog was up 9% year-over-year, which is great. And we feel very good about the strategy for Consulting, fit with the company. And at our (01:04:13) Investor Day next week, we'll talk more about how that strategy is evolving, to make it even more important and contributing to the company.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So, in 2018, the heritage Gartner sales force growth is going to be typical of past years, so in the same kind of range that we've had in past years. And, again, I can't give an exact number because as I've talked about, we do it based on what our operation capacity is. So, we look at each individual area manager and based on the capacity of those individual managers decide what it's going to be. But you can think about it as being kind of in the mid-teens like it has been historically for Gartner. For CEB, we're following the same process. What we decided to do, again, was to pull forward and try to go into 2018 as fully staffed as we could on the CEB side. We're now going to see how those investments go. And based on the operational performance we'll decide how much hiring we're going to do through the year to prepare us for 2019. Right now, we're staffed and we're very happy with where we are in terms of the staffing in sales, in service, in product, and sales support.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, again, on the Gartner side, it's going to be what we've done traditionally, which is we tend to ramp up more salespeople at the beginning of the year. It tends to be front-loaded. Our biggest selling is in the second half for new business. And so we want to let people get up to speed. And so we tend to time more of our growth hiring in the first half, so we go into second half with a full complement. And, again, as I mentioned, the CEB is sort of a similar kind of a thing except – because it's new, we're going to be even more watching kind of the operational performance.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So great point. So retention itself is up significantly which was driving wallet retention. New business hasn't performed as well and the reason is because of things we talked about, all of the changes that part of the CEB salespeople got to go through in terms of the change in commercial terms, new products, new enterprise agreements, all the things that we've talked about there. And so, last year, the new business was weaker than it had been historically.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah. Bill, that's an important area of our focus. And so, over the last several years actually, we focused on building a recruiting capability that has a great ability to identify who are the people that are going to be most successful in selling at Gartner because we want to hire – when people are successful, they stay. They don't turn over. And we wind up with our average tenure going up and higher sales results. We've done that through both improvements in our selling process, as well as things like analytics where we use a series of analytics to help us determine who are the people that are most likely to be successful and necessarily a recruiting process that actually is very good identifying those people. That's been very effective on the Gartner side. We're implementing that same recruiting – in fact, the same recruiting organization with the same processes, once they get fully rolled out, the same processes that we'll have at the CEB side. And right now, we're part way through that journey. We're probably the majority of way through the journey, but not completely there on the CEB side. Once we get there, we expect our ability to identify the right people to hire will be great. Already, capacity-wise, we don't have any problem as you can tell from the growth in sales force that we talked about and we feel very good about the quality of people that we're hiring and they are fit.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, thank you today for your questions and for joining us. So, to summarize the key points for today's call, 2017 was a great year for Gartner. In the heritage Gartner Research business, we accelerated contract value growth, drove higher retention, and improved sales productivity, which resulted in its best year ever. Heritage Gartner Events had strong attendance. And while exhibitor sales were below our expectations, we have strong forward exhibitor bookings. Consulting 2017 revenues were below our expectations, but we ended with a strong backlog there. We acquired CEB for the strong strategic benefits of extending our market to all functions across the enterprise and also to enable best of both operational approaches. The rapid closing, aggressive integration timeline, and accelerated growth investments, together with our initial operating results, give us a high degree of confidence that we are well on the way to achieving our strategic objectives and delivering consistent, double-digit growth over the long-term. We continue to get better, stronger, faster, day after day, year after year. We've got great momentum as we enter 2018 and we expect to continue our trend of double-digit growth for years to come. As most of you know, we'll be hosting our Investor Day next Thursday, February 15. We'll review our businesses in more detail, and you'll come away with an even better understanding of our strategy and what we're so excited about our prospects for sustained, double-digit growth. We look forward to seeing you there and on our earnings call next quarter. Thanks for joining us today.
