Gene Hall: Hey, Tim, it's Gene. I wouldn't characterize it that way. Basically we, as I mentioned in my remarks, our focus has been how do we get to sustained double-digit growth as quickly as possible. And to do that we needed to introduce new products, we needed to trend sales force on those products, maybe become a sales learning curve. As we talked that in the past, we allow them to keep some of the legacy products there in their pipeline till midyear of 2018. We trained them in the first half of 2018, the new products. And so if you look at the learning curve, they didn’t really get a chance to start the learning curve very well until the second half of 2018. And as Craig and I both mentioned, what happened basically at the end of the year is, they couldn’t sell the legacy problems, so that fell off naturally, and their acceleration on the new products wasn’t fast enough during 2018, it will be in 2019, wasn’t fast during 2018 to make-up for that falloff. We did that purposely. There wasn’t something that wasn’t -- that we didn’t know what’s going to happen. We knew we purposely that we talked about less of the quarters of that exact strategy of liking to finish up the pipeline and then training people in the first half on the new products and selling those exclusively for the people have them beginning in the second half of last year.
Gene Hall: So the -- we grew GBS very quickly during 2018 to set us for great 2019. We’re still planning to grow at pretty good double-digit rate during 2019. As we always do, as we’ve always done in GTS, as we think -- as see productivity going up during 2019 or not meeting our expectations, we’ll flex that up or down 2019. But I think we look at as we’re going into 2019 with a much stronger sales force, and we want to see return on that investment. And when we start to see full return on that investment, I can see its ramping up back in the 20% range of sales force growth as well.
Gene Hall: So just to be clear on our strategy there, for clients that already have a legacy product, we will allow them to renew as long as they want to renew. And our renewal rates among the legacy products are slightly higher than they were when they were CEB products. And so actually they're riddled to going up since they become a product of GBS. So we're going to let clients who like that product, who want to keep renewing, they can keep renewing it. For new clients, we're still exceeding on selling just -- where we have the GXL products only selling GXL products because they provide more value to clients and higher retention. And so they’re better value for the clients and want the clients who have that value. And again, it benefits the economics of the business over the long term.
Gene Hall: So, I guess, what I'd say is, that’s purely the math of it meaning that if our productivity does not improve and our retention does not improve. By the way, we are certainly aiming to improve both productivity and retention. But if they did not, if you just take the pure math of it, that gets about 8% growth. And that's why we're pretty, I've said for quite some time, we are driving to get you double-digit growth by the end of '19, that table just shows the kind of pure math from where we are in terms of getting there.
Gene Hall: So Gary, that’s going back a long time. So I'll just stick very briefly to that. When we first started and we accelerated back then, we didn't have the Gartner Formula, we didn't have all the capabilities in terms of recruiting, training, tools, process that we have today. And so that acceleration took place over a much longer time period. As we have -- and our plan really hasn't changed, and we're proceeding according to the plan for the CEB acquisition, which is we acquired the company. We've developed new products. We talked all year last year about how during the first half we let them sell the legacy products. As we train them on the new products, we have stopped them then they'll ramp up. That's what going according to what we would have expected. And so we’ve purposely decide to go faster because we have better recruiting, training, tools and processes than we had 15 years ago.
Gene Hall: Good morning, Toni. So the way we’re thinking about managing business is very consistent with how we’ve managed in the past. We’re obviously focused on accelerating the top-line growth rate in doing so, because Research has such great structural gross margins. We do typically get some gross margin leverage flowing through. As I talked about in my prepared remarks, we had gross margin leverage both in the in the fourth quarter and on a full-year basis in 2018. We'll continue to manage our G&A to grow at a slightly lower rate than revenue growth. And so there's operating leverage there as well. And we'll continue to invest in sales. And I think, in 2018 and 2019, we have invested across the board. I mentioned investments in GTS. I mentioned investments in our conference sales. And I talked about the kind of returns that we're getting in '18 and beyond or expect to get beyond from those prior investments. With GBS, we are investing -- we invested in '17 and 2018, we're continuing that investment in 2019 with the goal of getting double-digit CV growth by the end of '19, and then that accelerating from there. So double-digit is not the end game for us. It's just a stopping point on our way to see even faster growth. As that happens, there is some leverage that we will get on that GBS selling line. But again, the way that we think about managing business going forward is a little bit of gross margin leverage, a little bit of G&A leverage. And we'll continue to make sure that we're investing appropriately in sales to fuel sustained double-digit growth rate to the top-line.
Gene Hall: So the short answer is no, we aren't having to pay them more than kind of the normal wage inflation in each market. Basically the -- Gartner is a very attractive place to work. And so whenever our recruiters go out, we have a great brand and we’re going to be a great brand. And on top of it, we have a really, really strong recruiting team. So between the combination of our great brand and our great recruiting teams, we've actually, in fact, exceeded our expectations. As I mentioned last year, we have fewer open territories than we had originally thought, because recruiting has been so strong because of the hold brand and recruiting capabilities. 
Gene Hall: So we don’t view that business is being more discretionary than the GTS segment. Basically, our products are very affordable and they provide very high value. And we have, at any given point in time, and this is true whether it’s an IT or its HR, finance, we have clients that are their companies are doing really well and the companies are doing very poorly. And we do well in both environments because when people doing well, we’ll help them with like growth-oriented issues, when people doing poorly, we help them cost control-oriented issues. And so we can do well in both of environments. We shown them GTS, we remain in the same exact place in GTS.
Gene Hall: Hey, it's Gene. So the GXL product have substantially more content in them than the legacy products did. They have more content of both -- any specific function like HR. And on top of it we've taken whatever technology content is relevant and put that in the products as well. So there is -- first thing is there is a lot more content in the GXL product than the legacy product. The second piece is that the actual -- what's included in terms of things like Events and things like that, you can go to analyst inquiries and stuff, also is a higher value package than what you get. So it's basically a combination of the content itself is better. There's a lot more content. And secondly, the other things that are part of the products are also a lot higher. And that's why you see the retention rates being a lot higher with the GXL products. 
Gene Hall: So we've been focused on the operational changes to take advantage of this enormous market opportunity we have in GBS. And so we’ve started from the -- how do we actually get like, for example, the transition from the lower value legacy products to very high value GSL products. And because they're higher value, we want to get there as quickly as we could. We've introduced them now for the all the major roles, markets, HR, finance, legal, sales, and we’ll introduce others going forward. And so the double-digit is more of an outcome as opposed to a specific objective. So we sort of said, based on what we know about how people are going to ramp-up and follow-up legacy products, the strategy we've taken. This is kind of the outcome we expect as opposed to the other way around. And by the way, as Craig said, and as we both said several times, getting to -- our exploration is higher than just I’ve -- struggling across the finish line to double-digit. We want to be well in the double-digit range, not just 10.0%.
Gene Hall: So in summary, 2018 was a strong year. We continue to have world-class operational execution innovation, while making progress on our core strategy of establishing leading market positions in every role across the enterprise. We made investments across the business to support sustained double-digit growth and leading indicators are strong. For GBS, we entered 2019 with a 23% larger sales force or more experienced and further learning productivity curve. We have a higher mix of GXL products, which have great retention and while the full year of our tested retention programs. That's our path to double-digit GPS growth. We assisted our clients around the world with their mission critical priorities, provided great jobs for associates and delivered another year of market-beating returns for our shareholders. Thanks for joining us today and I look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Craig Safian: And Tim, it’s Craig. Good morning. The one thing I’d add is, as I mentioned, we have moderated the growth rate. It was still projecting 14% to 16% GBS territory growth for 2019, which by many measures is still pretty rapid growth. But moderating -- it just allows us to have one less management challenge, if you will, as we roll into 2019. So as Gene and I both mentioned, as we think about 2019, we’ve got 23% more sales people. They all have more tenure or will have more tenure in 2019 than they had in 2018. We’ve got great progress on the GXL new business sales and a number of other things working in our favor as well. And so, again, as we moderated the growth we have all that in mind as we pivot into 2019.
Craig Safian: No. Good morning, Gary. I think the way to think about the free cash flow, I think, 2018 was a very strong free cash flow year for us as illustrated by the metrics and made really good progress over the course of the year, first, catching up on some of the challenges that we exited 2017 with, and then just having a very strong collection year. And we have fueled the bulk of that the great free cash flow year in 2018 was the accelerated growth and the accelerating growth rate of our GTS business, which again represents little more than 80% of that total CV base. As we pivot into 2019, we still expect very strong conversion and working capital benefit from that great growth rate that we’re getting from GTS. I think your hypothesis is correct in that. As we accelerate the growth of the GBS business, we get to take more advantage of working capital benefits that are just structurally inherent to a subscription business, where we’re billing all upfront and then delivering and recognizing the revenue over the balance of the contract. So as we get towards that double-digit growth rate by the end of 2019, that’s what we’re targeting, we should see the working capital benefit improve and the conversion metrics will look better as a virtue of that as well.
Craig Safian: Yes. So the answer is no. If you look at our business, Q4 is very strong. If you look at GTS, we had great growth there. If you look at Conferences, we had great growth there. If you look at the backlog and Consulting -- primarily our bookings, it was up 12%, which is very strong for us. And so that the whole story of GBS is actually pretty simple, which is the ramp-up in the GXL products wasn’t yet to the point where it made up for the decline in the legacy products. That will turn around in 2019. And that’s what was going on in GBS.
Craig Safian: George, good morning's, it's Craig. The way to think about it is a little bit related to the timing of the phase-out of the legacy products, new business sales. And so as Gene discussed, we still have that legacy new business sales happening, full on in Q1, slowly starting to diminish a little bit in Q2, and then where there was the relevant GXL products phasing out in Q3 and Q4. And the GXL new business sales continue to ramp. And so the way we kind of think about it is -- we really start to see the benefits of the GXL ramp in Q3 and Q4. We're not providing specific guidance around the CV growth on a quarterly basis. We're playing the long game here. We continue to play the long game on that one. But the way to think about it really is just related to the timing of the phase-out from 2018.
Craig Safian: Yes. So, as you know, we're a global company. We're in the 100 countries around the world. And things vary dramatically depending on which country you're in. And even within the countries specific industries or specific companies can be either doing well or in distress. And so, I guess, it's a sort of at a total macro level globally. I don't see any giant change like just keep slow down or even like that. If you look at individual markets or individual industries of those companies, you see puts and takes. But sort of in a global macro – we don’t see a big change there in terms of what we’re seeing.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Bill. It’s Craig. Yes, happy to do that. So -- just so, we’re 100% clear. When we look on Page 12, the new business productivity is an expression of new business dollars for a salesperson. So it’s not the overall dollar amount of new business, it’s the new business we expect for salesperson. And again, using the same methodology we use for productivity, we base it on the beginning of period headcount. And so, as we talked about during my prepared remarks, the new business productivity we achieved in 2018 for sales person was a little more than $260,000 for an individual. We entered 2019 with 23% more people on Jan 1, 2019 compared to Jan 1, 2018. If you extrapolate the number of people times of new business per person that gets you a gross new business number. And if you then apply the attrition, again, we talked about having roughly based on the weighted average of our GXL and non-GXL products having attrition of around -- CV attrition of around 27%. If that is flat, we will use 27% of our roughly $600 million base, you then apply that new business number. And that gives you the calculated NCVI. The NCVI in the numerator, getting CV balance from the denominator, that gets us to the 8%. 
Craig Safian: Bill, the way we’re thinking about GBS is we grew the sales force net 16% in 2017, 23% in 2018. We’re targeting 14% to 16% headcount growth in 2019. Our turnover assumptions -- and we actually just went through pretty detailed review of this. GBS turnover and GTS turnover are about the same. We’re expecting that to continue into 2019. And again, we’re expecting net growth of 14% to 16%. I would say that we are over weighting the growth in areas that already have strong productivity. And again as Gene mentioned, that’s the way we typically manage it in our GTS business as well. And so, we didn’t set out with – hey, we need to grow X percent. We actually analyze the business at a detailed level, figured out where we could easily and productively and profitably absorb the headcount growth. And we went and built the growth plan that way. So that's the way we're thinking about GBS headcount growth in 2019.
Craig Safian: The other thing just to reinforce Jeff there is, when we're recruiting and those gross numbers you're talking about from a hiring perspective, you're talking, specifically GBS. But we're recruiting around -- the world, we're recruiting experienced sales people, we're recruiting people right out of the university et cetera. So it's a very diverse recruiting pool that we're going after. It's not like we're reliant on any one city geography country wise. And so that minimizes the risk as well. And again, I double reinforce the comment Gene made about, the attractiveness of the Gartner brand as an employer, particularly for sales people and the strength of our recruiting organization.
Craig Safian: So the way we thought about the GXL pricing, we're very big fans of simplicity and consistency. And so the GXL products are priced very consistently to their sister products on the GTX side. And those products are set up to deliver very good consistent gross margin for us. We price the value when we price to make sure that we're getting appropriate gross margins. I think the real beauty of GXL when we think about it from a growth opportunity perspective, number one is it's just a better constructive product, it serves the needs of the individual directly, but it also allows us to further penetrate organizations once we get in there. And so what you’ve seen us do on the GTX side, we've actually done on the supply chain and marketing side as well is, we'll get in with one to one seats in an organization, and then, over time, we will grow that footprint with our product portfolio. And GXL allows us to do that in those enterprises, whereas the legacy leadership council did not.
Craig Safian: You know the – obviously, all of the CV growth we deliver over the course of 2019, the corresponding revenue lags. And so -- as we build the CV and then CGI, over the course of 2019, the bulk of that revenue upside flows into 2020. And so there's one thing we're sure of which is we're going to pay the sales people and that expense is us as long as they're onboard or is with us as long as they're onboard. And that's what's dragging down the margin. So if you think about we're still -- we're growing GBS 14% to 16% coming off of a year, where we grew the sales force 23%, we're only going to build the double digit CV growth by the end of 2019. That will convert into corresponding double-digit revenue growth, but not until 2020, which will meet the margin impact. So it's really an investment in 2019 with the payback in 2020 and beyond.
Craig Safian: Yes, it’s a good question, Peter. And we're not providing a margin outlook or margin guidance beyond 2019 at this point. We’ll definitely talk about it in upcoming investor interactions like our Investor Day. But as Toni articulated in her question and as I think, we attempted to articulate in our response. As we improve the growth rate of GBS, all things equal, that will help margin. And -- but again, as we think about the future, the way we’re managing our business is, accelerate the top line, a little bit of gross margin leverage, a little bit of G&A leverage and again we’re going to continue to invest in sales, so that we can sustain the strong double-digit growth rates into the future.
Craig Safian: Good morning. It's Craig. The – so I'll take the second question first. So as we think about the corresponding productivity measures, obviously, in GTS, we've been focused on improving the GTS sales productivity. And we've been consistently doing that. And book by no means or we done there. We're focused on continuing to drive improvements to overall sales productivity. If you extrapolate the 2019 view that we talked about and that path to double digit and back into what is that mean from a productivity perspective, roughly speaking, I think on average the productivity would be around $75,000 of NCVI per accounting executive, and the team here second to Matt, just to make sure I'm right, to get close to double-digit growth. And again there were still be pretty sizable gap then between that 75 or close to 80K, and the 118K of productivity that we're delivering on the GTS side. We're going to be focused on continuing to improve the GBS productivity overtime. And we're going to remain focused on improving GTS productivity overtime. Over the long term, there is no reason why they can't be around the same levels. And obviously, if we're doing that and improving both GTS and GBS, our overall contract value growth will continue to accelerate. In terms of the regional differences, I think, we manage a pretty diverse sales force that calls on the largest companies in the world, down to relatively small enterprises that have around $100 million in revenue or in that neighborhood. And the people that we're recruiting to sell to those different types of organization, obviously, have very different background. So some of them, as I mentioned, are right out of university, some of them come to us with 5 to 15 years of experience, for the largest company, they might have 20 plus years of industry experience. And so the differentiation is probably more important and pronounced there than it is regionally. And we've got sort of that structure set up around the world, again, making sure that we're maximizing the opportunity for the type of account that we're calling on. We do look at productivity regionally. We do look at it by tenure. We do look at it by type of channel that we’re – or type of company that we're selling to. We look at it as compared to cost. We look at it all sorts of productivity metrics. The key for us is regardless of what level we're looking at, are we driving improvements for those productivity measures consistently overtime.
