Gene Hall: Hey, Jeff, it's Gene. I'll get started with the second part of your question, which is, in terms of demand, we're seeing what I would characterize as normal demand and it's consistent with Q4. So demand is very good overall. And I'll turn it over to Craig to answer the more technical aspects.
Gene Hall: Hey, Toni, it's Gene. So we are a people business. People are the most important thing in our business, period, and so we pay a lot of attention to it. And obviously, as a growth company, recruiting and turnover are really important as well. So we've been - throughout 2021, we grew our recruiting capacity so that we could get - make sure we can keep hiring associates to support our growth going forward. That's going very well. And in fact, we found that we have a very - this is purposeful. We have a very good value proposition in the market for candidates looking for jobs. And so our ability to hire is actually quite good. We're quite attractive, and we've been very pleased with our ability to hire. We're continuing to ramp up and we'll continue to ramp up recruiting capacity because we've got to both do catch-up hiring from last year for all the great business we sold and then also hire people so that we can support growth in 2023 as well. Our pipeline looks really good. Again, our actual recruiting results are doing quite well as well. In terms of compensation, we look very carefully at each of the markets we're in. We're in a number of - a large number of markets globally. Inflation and wage inflation varies widely among those markets. We have modeled that very carefully because we want to make sure we're competitive and have built that into our operating plan and the guidance you've seen.
Gene Hall: Yes, George. So the head count is going to grow in line with our contract value growth over time. And so since GBS grew faster in 2021, in order to fulfill that - all the business we've sold, we're going to grow the head count a little faster in GBS than we would at GTS just purely because of the differential growth rates. And that will continue over time.
Gene Hall: Hi, Andrew. So the virtual-first is a core part of our people strategy. In our talent market, we found that both our current associates as well as prospective associates like the idea of an environment where they can work remotely when it makes sense to work remotely but there's still a great office space where they can go work collaboratively as well. And so our virtual-first strategy is about having that mix where if you're -- for example, if you're a software engineer and you're writing code, you might just as well -- you're not really interacting with other people, you may be more effective actually working at a home office than in a normal office environment. Conversely, if you're working on sort of a product development team that's very collaborative and needs to be very agile and working together across multiple functions on a daily basis, you may work more in the office then. And so our virtual-first strategy is basically having kind of the best of both, which is things that make sense to do remotely, you can do remotely; things that make sense to do in the office where you collaborate or developing people, things like that, you actually do it in the office. We found that actually make -- in our industry and with our talent market, that's very attractive to, as I said, both our current associates and when we talk to prospective associates as well. And so in terms of hiring, that's been very effective. In terms of developing people, we've developed new approaches so that we can engage our associates and develop them in a remote environment. I'll also - on that point, even prior to pandemic, a large portion of our associates were remote as well. So all of our field salespeople were remote; many of our service people, remote. So this isn't new to us actually. We just have expanded it to be broader than it was pre pandemic. So we already had experience with it. In terms of -- so we're being very successful in hiring in that kind of environment and developing people. In terms of compensation, basically, we hire people that have the skills where we need them. And part of our strategy is to make sure we hire in attractive labor markets, but it's really more about what are the right skills to meet our clients. And that could be things -- include things like language skills. We try to serve all of our clients in their native languages, for example, with our service people and with our salespeople. And so we look at the mix of both the skills we need, the talent we need and the cost of hiring and balance all those things together to determine where we actually hire people.
Gene Hall: Yeah, hi, Mario. So it's -- the way -- I guess the best way to think about it would be if you look at like the total amount of contract value or the total amount of seats in GTS versus in GBS. So in GTS, it's a business that's growing quite rapidly, growing double-digit rates and is much larger than each of the individual practices. In many cases, it's more than 10 times larger than the biggest practices in GBS, for example, HR or finance. And so the opportunity in GBS for each of those practices is to be as big -- HR, finance, sales, customer service, each of those practices has the potential to be as big as our IT end user business. So they can grow more than 10 times as big, each one of them. And so the growth opportunity there is just enormous. And so if you want to think about share in some way, it's extremely small compared to GTS, but still GTS, again, has a huge untapped market potential in and of itself. So the runway for each of the practices in GBS is enormous and is comparable to what we have at the end user side of GTS.
Gene Hall: Yes. So Mario, in our Consulting business, we're actually highly differentiated. The role of our Consulting business is -- the way to think about it is as an extension of our Research business in that there are some clients that want more in-depth and longer engagements with us than we have in our Research business. In Research, we have our written research and other kinds of tools and things. In addition to that, we have the ability to talk to an analyst typically for 0.5 hour at a time. Some companies, particularly large companies, would like more in-depth help from Gartner. And so that's the role of our Consulting business, and it's a very important role and supports our overall business. And so there's no - it's really - think about it as supporting our overall Research business and fulfilling that need for much more in-depth help than you would get from just reading our documents and having shorter calls with analysts.
Gene Hall: So as you heard in today's call, we performed well in 2021. We also expect to deliver a strong performance in 2022. We have a compelling value proposition and a large untapped market opportunity. Over the longer term, we're well positioned to drive strong top line growth with modest margin expansion from our normalized 2021 levels. We generate significant free cash flow in excess of net income, and we'll deploy that cash flow to return capital to our shareholders through share repurchases and to make strategic tuck-in acquisitions. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Craig Safian: Yes. Thanks, Gene. And good morning, Jeff, sure. So when you step back and look at the relationship between CV growth and revenue, obviously, in a steady-state environment, those two things are pretty close. But when we look at our last couple of years, in 2020, CV grew 4% but Research revenue - or actually, Research revenue in 2021 grew 13%. CV in 2021 grew 16%, and we're guiding to Research revenue growth of 12% FX neutral. Again, as I mentioned, in a typical steady-state environment, CV and the following year research growth rates will generally be similar, not necessarily right on top of each other but relatively similar. As we look at 2022, most but not all of our 2022 revenue dollars are driven by our year-end 2021 contract value dollars. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks and as you alluded to, 2021 did benefit from the tenure mix, the NCVI phasing, not only the quarterly NCVI phasing but the NCVI phasing within the months of the quarter. We had record retention rates. And we also mentioned really, really strong non-subscription growth. And so all those things worked in our favor to get a pretty strong revenue yield in fiscal year 2021. And we're not assuming all of those persist at the same levels that we saw in 2022. And so while CV growth in '21 was at the high end of our medium-term guidance, we're not assuming that we stay all the way at the top of that medium term guidance. And so essentially, what we've done is we've taken a balanced approach based on historical trends and patterns, and we've reflected that in the guidance. As we mentioned, our teams are focused on driving growth that's faster than what's embedded in the guidance. And as we also mentioned in our prepared remarks, if we do perform closer to those 2021 levels on retention rates, NCVI phasing, et cetera, there can potentially be upside to the initial guidance as well.
Craig Safian: Yes. Sure, Jeff. That's actually three questions buried in one but I'll attempt to tackle them. In terms of the baseline margins or the normalized level of margins, the way to think about it for 2022 is a normalized level would be around 19% to 20%. And you mentioned a lot of the various puts and takes that lead into that range, T&E being one of them, facilities being one of them, the speed at which we can hire and bring people onboard being one of them. But think of normalized margins in the 19% to 20% range as being the baseline from a normalized level of what 2021 should look like. I think as we look to the future, there are really two key points as we think about that normalized level. One, we believe that moving forward, we can grow both the top line at double-digit growth rates and modestly expand margins over time. And number two, the 2021 reported margins are not the starting point. Again, the starting point should be that normalized level of 19% to 20%. On the Conferences side, we are being extraordinarily agile as we attempt to be ready to return to in-person destination conferences when conditions permit. As we think about the incremental revenue and the incremental flow-through on that, our current planning assumption is that because we want to change the experience a bit and have more space per person, if you will that the incremental margins will not be the same as they were pre pandemic. And so the way we are thinking about it right now is that incremental revenue for Conferences, if we're actually able to run in-person destination conferences, would be in the 20% to 25% range in 2022.
Craig Safian: Yeah. Good morning, Toni. It's a great question. Yes, I think the way you described it is the right way to think about it. Obviously, we actually - to Gene's point, we hired a lot of people in the back half of the year, both in sales but also in research, in service and lots of other areas as well. But I do think that will continue to ramp over the course of the year, and I think T&E will continue to ramp over the course of the year as well. And so probably a little bit higher margin in the first couple of quarters and then moderating in the back half of the year to get to that full year number of around 20%.
Craig Safian: Yes. I would consider, George, 19% to 20% to be the level at which we modestly expand our margins on an annual basis moving forward. Again, as I mentioned earlier, our goal, and we believe this and we are aiming towards this, is that we want to grow the business top line double-digit growth rates, modestly expand margins over time. And again, that modest expansion will come off of that 19% to 20% baseline.
Craig Safian: And Andrew, the one other thing I'd add is, over the back half of the year, we actually made a ton of progress in terms of starting to catch up and starting to make sure that we are hiring to the right levels that we need to support the business. And it's a combination of adding the recruiting capacity, which we talked about and which we've been doing and are getting yield from, and also seeing moderating attrition as well. So the combination of the increase in recruiting capacity and the moderating attrition allowed us to really start to make great progress in getting people onboard over the back half of the year.
Craig Safian: Yes. No, it's a really good question. So the dynamics we saw in 2021 were very different than what we had experienced pre pandemic, in the 10 years leading up to pre pandemic where we had seen pretty consistent NCVI contribution both month one, month two, month three in terms of that mix and then also Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4. And if you actually just look at even the headline results for 2021, you'll see that in particular Q2 and Q3 were stronger than the historical proportionality of overall annual NCVI. And I think there are a number of factors driving that, one being we were coming out of very pandemic-impacted year in 2020 and things started to get better from a market perspective as well. And so I think operating blinds [ph] just opened up. People had visibility into what was happening. And people had real problems and they knew Gartner could help, and so that certainly contributed to our ability to drive that NCVI phasing. And I think with -- operationally, our sales teams recognize that getting deals in the door sooner is great for everybody. Locking them up in an uncertain environment is always a better thing to do because you never know what can happen or what danger is lurking around the corner, as they say. And again, the teams did great work on making that happen. As we look at 2021 and we compare it to the decade previous, we didn't want to assume that all of a sudden, we were going to revert exactly to 2021 levels across the board. And so again, just balancing that historical perspective with what we experienced in 2021 is how we built the plan for 2022.
Craig Safian: And Mario, just to put it in sort of quantitative perspective as well, just to add to that. When we look at our available market opportunity, we see a roughly $55 billion market in the markets that we sell to in GTS. And we've got $3.2 billion, $3.3 billion of that. On the GBS side, we see a market opportunity of close to $145 billion, and we've got under $1 billion of it. So -- and again, as we think about these markets, it's not like we have to steal share of wallet from someone else. We view these as very large, untapped market opportunities for us to go after. And again, that's why we really do believe that we can grow this business at consistent double-digit growth rates into the future, add salespeople, et cetera, because of that -- the market dynamics and the size of the market opportunity.
