Gene Hall: Hey, Jeff. It's Gene, I'll get started. So as we think about the tech vendor channel, I'm going to start with tech industry itself, the technology companies. And we think that those as being in two different segments: One, is sort of enterprise IT and the other is consumer and devices, things like that. On the enterprise IT, we're expecting the technology companies -- technology vendors to grow about 7.8% globally during ‘23. And the reason they're growing pretty robustly is that enterprise IT spending that's the ones that are not certainly consumers is selling to large complex B2B sales and they tend to be multi-year contracts and annual increases, et cetera. So that's the technology vendors that are selling to enterprise IT. They're also seeing continued demand for cloud, security, digital modernization. And so all those things are growing at a much higher rate than the general tech industry. And when we survey CEOs, that CEO's this is a end users, their customers, they're buying the speed of the equipment. Their business is saying things, I believe digital modernization is still really important to meet the economic situation, as well as staffing situations they face, as well as consumer requirements for more technology and services they offer. So on the enterprise IT, just summarizing the enterprise IT, tech vendors, we have to see that growing about 7.8% globally at ’23. On the consumer device side, that's going to be a lot worse in the sense that we expect demand to be lower there. And that's because a lot of demand was pulled forward during the recession and during the pandemic. And so there's sort of a tale of two cities in the tech industry. So that's the tech vendors themselves, our business is predominantly on the enterprise IT side. We just proportionally serve those. So looking forward, we expect actually to check vendors that we serve to be doing okay as opposed to the consumer and device manufacturers, which we expect actually to shrink during 2023. And so that translates into our own business we expect -- we had a -- as Craig [Indiscernible] results, our vendor, our sales force that sells to technology vendors actually went from very high teens growth. I'm sorry, that's a high teens growth to low-single-digit growth. So they actually -- I’m sorry in high-single-digit growth. So they actually performed pretty well in the fourth quarter. Going forward again because our major business is selling to the enterprise IT technology vendors, we expect that business to do pretty well on a go forward basis.
Gene Hall: Yes. So Jeff, I mean, again, the way to kind of think about the results in quarter and if you look at it on a rolling four quarter basis, is again that the end user side of the GTS business held up really, really well. And performed really well throughout the year and in the fourth quarter, including the productivity. And again just we saw that deceleration from high-teens to high-single-digits, obviously impacting the productivity as well. I think as we have brought in more and more new associates and the sales force. Last year, we talked about in 2021 rather, we had the best tender mix we've ever had. In 2022, we had really the highest proportion of new people we've ever had that's obviously going to impact productivity. We'll start to see the benefits of the tenuring over the course of 2023 as all of those people we hired over the course of 2022 start getting up the productivity curves.
Gene Hall: Hey, Heather, it's Gene. So we always train our associates on what are the most important mission critical priorities with our clients and prospects today. One of the issues that's going to be on people's minds in some industries is going to be cost reduction. And so we train our salespeople on, among other things how to help clients with cost reduction. We're a very small proportion of cost for any client. They can't -- they're not going to save a lot of money by cutting our services. On the other hand, we can help them save a whole number of multiples of what they pay for us in their actual ongoing business. In addition to that, as I mentioned earlier, most companies, even in a tough environment [Indiscernible] they want to invest in technology and it's on things, like automation that helps with their own labor situation, their own labor costs, [Indiscernible] other kinds of costs. And again, the continuing transition to more and more digital services that are often in just about every single industry. So we train our new salespeople on both how to sell to clients that value proposition, which is the continuing transition to digital, but also how to save money on their IT purchases, so that they actually get -- they could be more efficient over time. So the combination of those things, and of course, our traditional selling skills where we -- I think, are quite good at training new salespeople in terms of how to sell effectively, you put those things together and it lets new salespeople -- they're not as productive as experienced salespeople, but they're actually quite good in the broad context.
Gene Hall: Yes. Hey Andrew. So the -- our strategy is to have conferences for all the major functional areas in our businesses, I think, in IT, HR, finance, et cetera, as well as within -- cybersecurity applications and so forth. And we're far from that now -- and sorry, and also each of those conferences in each of our major geographies. And so, there's a -- it will take us a long time to get to the point where we have the aspiration I just said, which is to have a conference for every major of share count in every major geographic region. And we're at -- because these conferences add so much value to our -- the attendees, our seat holders that actually go and attend these conferences, we really want to expand those as quickly as we can. We're limited by what you do operationally with how fast we can actually hire people and build these conferences. And so, we're going to continue on that path. We did that -- we've had as an as we think we can handle operationally in 2023. If we find during the year, we can have more, we will do that. And certainly, in ‘24, ‘25, ‘26, we expect to have a continuing expansion of these conferences, again, because of the very high value they provide to our attendees, our seat holders and also our prospects.
Gene Hall: Yes. We had great performance in GBS during 2022, including the fourth quarter. There's tremendous opportunity in GBS. As with the rest of our business, really grow GBS as quickly as we can to capture that enormous opportunity. We had growth in -- across all functional areas, very robust growth, actually. And the areas that were slower, it was more internal operational things that we had. So for example, we might have had one area where we were a little slow in hiring than another area. And so, the places that GBS was a little slower, we believe are more due to more internal operational things that we're working on. But again, the overall performance was very strong, we're very happy with that performance.
Gene Hall: Yes. So we've had larger-than-usual price increases over the recent past, because of accelerated inflation. And we've had, I'd say, essentially zero pushback from our clients on it. And if you look at the cost of Gartner for an individual user or for even a contract for the company, it's a small ticket item. And whether it increases 3% or 7% isn't a swing factor. The swing factor is the value we provide. And we provide a tremendous better value to these clients for the costs that they have to pay, spend any alternative and can provide some credible value. So we have had, I'd say, kind of, no measurable pushback on our price increases, even though they're at higher rates.
Gene Hall: Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. In fact, again, the -- many of our clients prefer multi-year contracts. It's a small ticket item and they have administrative costs in dealing with it. And so, many, if not most of our clients actually prefer multi-years, because the procurement people don't want to waste their time doing this over and over again. And so, to actually see demand from our clients for multi-years as opposed to the other way around.
Gene Hall: Hi, Jeff. So Talentneuron is a business that provides data -- labor market data, principally to people that -- in companies, that are doing long-term planning for where companies should have their workforce. And we've got the business when we bought CEB. It was an acquisition CEB had done. When we bought CEB, therefore, we acquired that business. As we looked at it, we've been looking at the business to see does it really fit with our business on a go-forward basis, and it is strategic to us. We've looked at it in a lot of depth. We've looked for innovative ways we could use it. And at the end of the day, we decided that it was not a strategic bet that were better owners for that business than us, which is why we divested it. Let’s just focus on the -- our core business in HR, which that was not really related to. In terms of other divestitures, again, if we see things that don't fit our core business, we would divest them. We'll discuss those when it's appropriate.
Gene Hall: Here's what I'd like you to take away from today's call. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we again saw strong growth across the business. Gartner delivers incredible value to enterprises that are thriving, struggling or anywhere in between. By being exceptionally agile and adaptive to a changing world, we've delivered a sustained record of success. We're well prepared as we enter 2023. We've carefully aligned staffing levels with demand and with the lowest percentage of open positions ever. Our content is today's mission-critical priorities. And we know the right things to do to be successful in any environment. Looking ahead, we're well positioned to drive growth far into the future. And even as we invest for future growth, we expect margin to increase modestly over time. We generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. We'll return capital to our shareholders through buybacks, which reduced shares outstanding and increases returns over time. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Craig Safian: And Jeff, the last part of your question on the territory assignment and where we're putting our growth, we've got a pretty robust territory optimization and analytics team that is always looking at this and we have the ability to very quickly and with a lot of agility flex up or down on where we're putting those territories. And so obviously as we're looking at our selling environment and the growth of the business, we're continuing to allocate those resources accordingly. And then the last thing, I mentioned and you sort of had this buried in your question, but I'll pull it out, is our business selling to the enterprise functions, both in IT and outside of IT through GBS performed very, very well in Q4 and for the full-year. And it was really the tech vendors that had, as Gene said, a very tough compare going from high-teens growth to high-single-digit growth in the quarter.
Craig Safian: Sure. Good morning, Heather, and thanks for the questions. So I think a couple of thoughts there. So I'll start with conferences and consulting first. And so as we look at those two businesses, again, coming off of very strong 2022, if you look at the backlog position in consulting, we actually entered the year in really good shape. We had a very strong delivery quarter in the fourth quarter, but also a very strong bookings quarter. And again, based on the visibility that we have, roughly through the first half of the year, we feel really good about the consulting business and the trending looks good there. And again, I think our client base to Gene’s earlier comments about the tech sector, are still embarking on a lot of -- embarking or continuing on a lot of digital transformation and major tech projects and programs where our consulting team really can't help them get the most value out of that. On the conferences side, again, we had a great year of returning to in-person conferences in 2022 and the team has done a fantastic job of driving forward, what we call, forward bookings, but basically locking up the revenue from the exhibitor side into 2023, and so as Gene mentioned, we've got significantly more than 50% of our pre bookings already under contract. As we head into 2023, and so feel very, very good about the conferences business as well. On the research side, again, our enterprise function leader business is performing very well and we expect that to continue to perform well. We do have -- continue to have tough compares there, but we do -- we're driving great value for our clients and we expect that to continue. We have been thoughtful and prudent about our experience in the fourth quarter with our tech vendor clients and making sure that we don't assume just some magical return to high-teens growth right out of the gate. And so we're trying to be prudent by making sure we use our most recent experience, enrolling that through the four quarters from a research perspective. But again, end user enterprise function leader business again performing very strong, nice double-digit growth rates. The tech vendor business still at high-single-digits. Just down from where we were a year ago.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Toni. Yes, I mean, the way to think about the bridge from 2022 to 2023 is consistent with the way we've been talking about it for the last several quarters. And so, the biggest piece of it is the annualization of all the hiring we did in 2022 and obviously, paying the full load for all those new associates over the course of 2023. So that's by far the biggest piece of it. A lot of our hiring was back-end loaded or second-half loaded, I should say. And so, obviously, there's a pretty significant uplift in the annual cost as we annualize all of those individuals. There's an element of T&E, to your point. And so, we're -- fourth quarter was kind of in line with where we expected to be. But obviously, the first part of 2022, we were still mostly in lockdown and not traveling. And so, there are incremental T&E expense that we expect in 2023, as we get to kind of the new normal of travel post-pandemic. And there's a few other nits here and there, but the two primary ones are really the annualization of the headcount and a little bit more on the T&E side.
Craig Safian: Yes, absolutely. So in 2022, the bulk of the story is, what, I discussed in my prepared remarks, which is just some invoicing delays coming out as a result of the Hurricane. And we thought we would be able to get all caught up on that in 2022 and a bunch of it did slip into 2023. And actually, through the end of January, we actually are all caught up on that. So we feel good about both the ‘22 finish and getting that all behind us. In terms of 2023, obviously, there can be a lot of variability to the free cash flow numbers. If you look at it on the surface from the guidance, the free cash flow margin is in line with what we'd expect free cash flow as a percent of EBITDA is roughly where we'd expect and the free cash flow conversion as a percent of GAAP net income is in the range as well. And so, I think the free cash flow guidance and the free cash flow expectation is sort of in line with the business performance. I do think there are a couple of things impacting ‘23 that potentially put it a little bit below your expectations, probably, most notably cash taxes. So because of all that extra earnings in 2022, we have more to pay in taxes, and that's obviously reflected into 2023 free cash flow guidance as well.
Craig Safian: Yes. And Andrew, just to underscore that, I mean, 18.9% growth for the full-year coming off of a 24% full-year growth in 2021 is really, really strong, continued consistent growth. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, both supply chain and HR were well above 20% year-over-year growth again, coming off of really strong years in 2021 as well. And so, really strong demand there. It's indicative of the fact that across all of GBS, we are providing enormous value to the functional leaders that we serve in finance, HR, supply chain, marketing, sales, legal and so on.
Craig Safian: Yes. And on top of that, obviously, their mission-critical priorities are not founded by a contractual term. And so, they want to make sure that they have support and insight to support their mission-critical priorities. And so, we've seen no pushback at all on our ability to sell multiyear contracts.
Craig Safian: Yes, it's a great question. So actually, significantly greater than 50% is actually the -- what both Gene and I said, we're actually comparable or perhaps even a little bit stronger than we were pre-pandemic on that metric.
Craig Safian: And I think, George, the way to think about just building on Gene's comments, we've -- in ‘21 and ‘22, we invested to rebuild our recruiting function and recruiting capacity. And we have that now available rolling forward. As Gene mentioned, we have a great selling brand and associate brand more broadly for those recruiters to go out and attract people. As we think about the headcount growth for this year, it is more in line with our kind of “normal algorithm” where we expect to grow headcount 4 points to 5 points lower than CV growth. That being said, given the recruitment capacity we have and given our standing in the market, if we see our CV growth accelerating, it gives us the opportunity to potentially go a little bit faster there. And if we see challenges with the business, we can easily tap the breaks and slow down. So we've built a plan that we feel real comfortable with that is in line with our normal -- or our go-forward model, but also allows us the flexibility to flex up or flex down given on what we're seeing from a demand perspective.
Craig Safian: Yes. I mean, I think that the major way would be from revenue upside. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've taken a prudent approach on the revenue, on the expenses and on the free cash flow. And if revenue does come in stronger, we would anticipate potential upside to the margins, that's probably the primary way that we see it. We are, again, making sure that we are calibrating all of our expenses most notably headcount, but all of our expenses with what we're seeing from a revenue perspective. And we're making sure that we're also seeing the right investments so that we can sustain growth into the future and also deliver really, really strong margins. And so, we feel like we've got the balance right now. We're obviously -- our structural margins are significantly higher than they were pre-pandemic. And as we talk about, we believe we could modestly expand margins on a year-over-year-over-year basis moving forward.
Craig Safian: Jeff, I won't comment on your Jimmy Neutron comment. We'll save that for later. In terms of wallet retention, again, I think it's consistent with the way we talked about all of the GTS business earlier and the overall research business as well. Our enterprise function leader business performed very, very well across GBS and GTS. And essentially, what you're seeing in the wild is just that deceleration of the tech vendor business from high teens growth to single-digit growth. Even with that, it's still really strong at 105%, obviously, well above 100% and significantly in excess of client retention. And so, the core value is still there. But the slight deceleration or variance on a year-over-year basis can be completely attributed to the tech center business. And again, I underscore the enterprise function business in both GTS and GBS performed very well in the fourth quarter.
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Manav. So we didn't talk about the expectation from a CV growth perspective. For any part of the business, we don't provide CV guidance or anything like that. I think, again, it's -- as we built the plan and our guidance for 2023, we've utilized what we saw in the fourth quarter in terms of retention metrics, new business metrics and productivity metrics and things of that nature as some of the inputs to extrapolate out our expectation for 2023. I think on the tech vendor side, in particular, obviously, there's a lot going on in that industry right now. We're still selling through it. High-single-digit growth is still pretty nice growth, just not high-teens growth. And so, we believe that given the value proposition that we have for even leaders in that space, that we've got a great value proposition and a great set of products, and we'll continue to serve those clients and help them with their mission-critical priorities in the same way that we help the enterprise function leaders across GTS and GBS.
Craig Safian: Yes. So we recalibrated the way that we were going to grow the sales force back in 2019. And essentially, the model -- obviously, 2022 is different, because we had to do a lot of catch up. But our model moving forward is we want to essentially not dilute our overall cost of sale. And the way we do that is grow the sales headcount, call it, 4 points to 5 points depending on wage inflation, slower than CV growth. That's our stated model moving forward. And so, that's what we've got in place for 2023. And so, yes, it will not be 10% to 15% headcount growth unless we see 15% to 20% CV growth. And again, as I mentioned, during George's question, we believe we are set up to speed up or slow down accordingly as needed. And so, if we see CV growth start to accelerate, we have the recruitment capacity to be able to increase that. And if we see CV growth slowing, we obviously can tap the brakes as well. So we feel like we're in a really, really good place from a talent perspective. We are, as we both mentioned, Gene and I carefully calibrating headcount growth and expenses. And we feel like we've struck the right balance between making sure we're investing for future growth and delivering strong margin performance.
