Eugene A. Hall: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q4 and full year 2014 earnings call. In 2014, we drove double-digit growth in all our key financial metrics and our business is accelerating. For the full year 2014, on an FX neutral basis, contract value increased 14%, total company revenues grew 14% and EBITDA grew 13%. We achieved double-digit contract value growth in every region, every industry and every company size. The continued successful execution of our proven strategy was central to our success. The health of our underlying business has never been stronger. We're getting bigger, stronger, faster every year and are well positioned for success in 2015. For the fourth quarter 2014, we again delivered robust performances against -- across all 3 businesses. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, grew revenues 15% FX neutral in the fourth quarter 2014, continuing our 18-quarter trend of double-digit contract value growth. Retention metrics improved to all-time highs. For the fourth quarter 2014, enterprise client retention was 85%, up 2 points over the same quarter 2013. Enterprise wallet retention was 106%, also up 2 points over Q4 2013. Sales productivity again improved, and we continue to invest in areas that will drive further advancement in this area. Our Consulting business delivered a strong performance for Q4 2014. Consulting revenues increased 7% for the quarter and were up 12% for the full year FX neutral. We ended the year with 92 managing partners, up 15% from the start of the year. Our Events business also delivered a fantastic performance. On a same-event basis, for the 13 events we held in Q4, we drove a revenue increase of 19% year-over-year FX neutral. Additionally, in 2014, we deployed capital in 3 strategic acquisitions. And finally, for the full year, we repurchased more than $400 million of our shares which exceeded our original plan. We just had our worldwide sales kickoff where we spent time with more than 400 of our sales leaders. They're as enthusiastic about our prospects for growth as I've ever seen. They know technology is driving massive change in every industry around the world and that we can make a real difference in our client success. One of the primary reasons our business is so successful is our people. At the heart of it, Gartner is a people business. Over the past several years and throughout 2014, we made significant investments in our people. We've also added great teams as a result of our acquisitions. We're attracting the best talent in the industry in strategic locations around the world and getting them up to speed quickly. And these investments continue to pay off, as illustrated by our sales productivity gains and overall 2014 results. We're starting 2015 in a great position. The insights we create, the advice we deliver and the overall experience for our customers has never been better. We'll continue to improve and innovate across every area of our business. We know how to be successful in any economic environment. We're relevant whether an institution is growing or facing economic challenges. We continue to deliver double-digit results in our key operating metrics through the tremendous value we deliver to our clients. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition with a great business model, and we continue to be more relevant to virtually every enterprise in the world. I remain confident and excited about Gartner. And with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Craig.
Eugene A. Hall: Tim, it's Gene. So it's both factors. We have a big focus on making sure we retain our clients. And so the fact that the client retention run up is due to all the programs we put in place to drive that retention. Obviously, we keep -- if we keep clients, that helps our overall client growth rate. Having said that, we also have -- we focus on growth as well. We have a lot of programs to drive growth, and those programs have been equally successful to our retention programs. So it will [indiscernible].
Eugene A. Hall: Peter, it's Gene. So the key things we're doing to drive sales productivity, first, it's making sure that when we hire new salespeople, that we hire salespeople that are good with Gartner and good with kind of skills needed to sales success with our clients. Because when we hire the right salespeople, they just do fantastically well. They stay us -- stay with us for a long part of their career, et cetera. So first piece is hiring the right people. We've got a big focus on that. Second piece then is when we bring them on board, we have a -- what I think is the best training program I've ever seen in sales. And that whole training program gets them up to speed as well. We also then have development programs for managers as we have new managers; for vice presidents, as we have new vice presidents, et cetera, to help them improve their skills. And then, finally, we have a whole set of programs that are designed to provide our salespeople with the best possible tools to improve their productivity. And, as a company, our big focus is on innovating in all 3 of those areas, innovating in terms of how we make sure we hire people that are going to be wildly successful with Gartner; innovating in terms in how we train and develop them, so they achieve their full potential; and thirdly, innovating and making sure that we provide them the best possible tools. And every year we get better, and fundamentally that what's driving our sales productivity.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, as you know, Peter, our number one priority in deploying cash is to do strategic acquisitions and we have a little team that -- we have a team that focuses on tracking a sizable number of acquisition candidates that we think all would have great strategic fits with the company. And so -- our #1 priority continues to be looking for strategic acquisitions. 2014, we made some acquisitions and we are hopeful that in the future that will be an important part of our strategy as well. Then the second one is obviously share buybacks, which is our second strategic use of capital.
Eugene A. Hall: So -- Joe, it's Gene. So the -- we are optimistic, and we believe we can continue to improve sales productivity. We're going to grow the business 2 ways. One is continue to grow the number of sales people we have. Last year, we grew at -- when you calculate [ph] them, it was 14.49%. We missed rounding to 15 by 1 sales person. But we want to grow in the range of 15% to 20% in terms of our headcount. Then, in addition to that, we believe as we did last year, that the kind of changes I talked about earlier will result in improving sales productivity over time. The approach we've taken in terms of planning is not to assume improvements before they happen. And we're making them and we believe that will happen, but we haven't assumed they're going to happen in our planning.
Eugene A. Hall: So again, on a constant currency basis, we have, as I mentioned, we had double-digit growth in every region in every industry and in every company size range. So we're in -- so, obviously in public sector, we have double-digit growth. Having said that, the selling environment has not improved in the places that are difficult. You mentioned Europe, the selling environment is just as difficult as it's always been. In the public sector, in many cases, the selling environment is just as difficult as it's always been, but we have adapted to that and are achieving great double-digit growth in all of those areas.
Eugene A. Hall: Ryan, great question. It -- the answer is no. If you look at the total number of salespeople that we get hired in the U.S., it's in the millions and we hire a few hundreds each year. And so our issue is not actually that the job market has gotten worse. It's the same thing as always, which is find those people that are actually great fit with Gartner. And we work hard at that and get better every year. The overall job market situation, macro job market is not a factor for us.
Eugene A. Hall: No, the Contract Optimization business is a -- there's nothing systematic going on there. It's a business that just depends on what the particular clients' deals are, et cetera. And some years, it's the most volatile part of our entire business. It's very small, but it's the most volatile part of our business. And so again, as Craig -- we based our guidance for 2015 on what Craig said earlier. But there's nothing systematic going on there.
Eugene A. Hall: So what I -- first of all, in terms of our turnover, our turnover among our salespeople over the last few years have been trending down. It's been having fewer people turn over and it's well within the range we talked about and right kind of where we want it to be. And that's because again we've been -- done a better job of hiring people that are likely to be successful here over time and then providing them with the training tools. And so, the turnover sales force, I think, is at a terrific level. And as I said, over the last few years has been trending down as opposed to getting worse. It's been actually getting better.
Eugene A. Hall: So we pay competitive wages. We always have. Gartner is a place that if you want it's a great place to work in sales. We have a great reputation for anybody who wants to be in technology sales. And that reputation and people know kind of how great the market is, the strength of the brand, the things that they get equipped when they come to Gartner, those are all attractive things. Having said that, we also pay competitive rates, and we've not seen a lot of pressure there.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it's Gene. The -- our pipeline looks great. We have a very strong acquisition pipeline. As always, it depends on the sellers' interest and willingness and what the pricing is going to be. But in terms of pipeline of targets that would be great strategic fits, would be terrific for the company, we have a very robust pipeline.
Eugene A. Hall: I'd say, there's no change. We've a had robust pipeline 6 months ago. We have a robust pipeline now.
Eugene A. Hall: I think if you think about for the salespeople that we are hiring in 2015, all of them will be trained in the academy program. There might be some really just an area, but in general you can think about virtually everybody will be trained in the academy program.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, we have an inside sales team. Most of our sales force actually is in the field. They both have great productivity numbers. So they're both part of our strategy. But again, the majority of our sales force is in the field.
Craig Safian: We don't give contract value guidance. That has been our rule, and we don't do that. You can do the math, and the math would presume that we are in the 14% to 15% range, if you assume those productivity statements we made as well as the headcount growth.
Craig Safian: The delta, Jeff, is primarily around tax rate. And that is driven by foreign exchange, which is obviously driving up that higher projected effective tax rate.
Craig Safian: Yes, we had typically said $30 million to $40 million in revenue was the range. We well- exceeded that in 2015 -- 2014 rather, and our expectation for 2015 is to go back to, call it, roughly the top end of that, near the top end of that range.
Craig Safian: Good question. So on a full year basis, Research gross margins were up about 10 basis points. So I'd say, there are 2 things going on there. One is there is a modest impact from the acquisitions, modest, and then over the long-term, we still believe 70% is roughly the right target gross margin for us. So you're likely to see modest improvements over the years as we approach 70%.
Craig Safian: No, you're exactly right, Tim. So the way we've talked about it in the past and the way we think about it rolling forward is as we're approaching the 70% target gross margin for Research, we'll continue to get leverage from that as Research becomes a bigger and bigger piece of the overall pie, and that drives gross margin leverage, but we no longer have the -- going from 60 to 65 to 70 that we've had in the past. The way we will drive EBITDA margins into the future is through increasing sales productivity, which will drive an acceleration to contract value growth. And as we talked about, we need to see productivity get to levels where we are driving Research CV growth in the 15%, 16%, 17% range. When we get there, that's when you'll start to see the margin flow through and the leverage on the SG&A line.
Craig Safian: And if you think about it, Tim, 2-point improvement on client retention on a 9,000 enterprise basis gets us a little bit, but the big engine is, as Gene mentioned -- is our new client acquisition.
Craig Safian: You know, Peter, as we think about really if we are driving productivity to the levels that we know we're capable of driving and we see the acceleration in contract value growth, we believe the margins will follow that. So we're focused on -- focusing on the key operating levers of the business to drive the business forward. And as those things start kicking in and picking up more acceleration, we should see margin improvement from that.
Craig Safian: Apologies for that. No, it's consistent with our capital deployment strategy that we've been operating on for the last several years.
Craig Safian: Sure. Good question, Joe. So I'll try and keep it as simple as I can. So our global tax structure is essentially impacted by 2 streams of income: income in the U.S.; and income from outside of the U.S. This is important because certain jurisdictions outside of the U.S., tax income at much lower rates than the U.S. And so as you'd imagine, the mix of those 2 streams can have a big impact on the effective tax rate. What we experienced in Q4 and are projecting into 2015 is essentially the following. The strengthening U.S. dollars means our overseas profits are lower in -- or smaller in U.S. dollar terms. And a smaller mix of overseas profits, as a percent of the global profit, adversely affects the effective tax rate.
Craig Safian: Hey, Anj, it's Craig. So just on the productivity side, the way we're measuring it by using beginning of period headcount, that actually shows a 16% improvement since we're marking off of the ending headcount of 2013. And so we actually haven't gotten the benefit in the productivity number of that marginally lower headcount growth you talked about. As Gene mentioned earlier, the 14% in Q4, if you actually do the math and extend out the decimal places you're looking at, you'll see we were within 1 or 2 additional salespeople of being at 15%. And so I think it's roughly noise that we bounced around a little bit below the 15% mark. We're targeting 15% to 20%. We've been achieving roughly 15%, and we believe we can drive the kind of productivity that we've been driving with consistent 15-plus percent growth.
Craig Safian: Yes, it's a great question. So we actually had a great quarter in terms of revenue burn, and that's reflected in both the utilization and the bill rate as well as the annualized revenue for billable. And we were able to do that because of the strong backlog position that we were in coming out of Q2 and Q3. As we look forward, even though the backlog is modestly down on a year-over-year basis, and again there's some impact there due to foreign exchange, what -- we look at the quality of the backlog and we look at the pipeline of future deals. And the combination of the quality of the backlog coupled with the pipeline of Q1 bookings, gives us confident that the trend on our labor-based business will continue.
Craig Safian: Gary, I think it's -- we calculate the productivity on a rolling 4-quarter basis. And so it captures all 4 quarters of the last year. And as we talked about each quarter, when we looked at on a standalone basis, was actually up significantly over the prior year quarter. So I think that the rolling 4 for 2014 is definitely a good benchmark.
Craig Safian: Yes, it's a great point. So our cash flow generation looks just like our revenue and expense mix. So roughly 60% in USD, 40% non-USD currency. And our guidance presumes that whatever borrowing activity we need to do to fulfill our business and meet the expectations that we talk about.
Craig Safian: So as we talked about, we're expecting 65 events in 2015 versus the 64 we delivered in 2014. So modest, modest increase in number of events there, which has been consistent with what we've done over the last several years. And no major plans to convert any events in 2015.
Craig Safian: Yes, I wouldn't read too much into that. If you look at just about every metric related to the Events business in the fourth quarter, they're all spectacular, up around 20% growth. So the attendee per event would just be a mix thing. And we were able to get great attendee and exhibitor growth at all of our events in the fourth quarter.
Craig Safian: So on your first question, the real reason was a lower Contract Optimization revenue in fourth quarter as compared to fourth quarter of 2013. So that's the prime driver for the margin there. In terms of your question around guidance, as always, we take a consistent approach to how we develop our operating plans and our guidance. The high-end would be we see acceleration and productivity, we outperform our initial plans across each of our business units and things of that nature. So consistent with years past, we put a range that we think is attainable on both sides. And the other piece that could actually play in there obviously is FX. And so if the dollar were to weaken, obviously the results would look a little bit different. We're -- we are very focused on making sure we continue to drive very strong double-digit constant currency growth around the world. We operate around the world and we want to drive our business to grow double-digits in euros and pounds and yen and what have you. That's where we're really focused on. But top end would be things outperform modestly and potentially a little bit of a benefit from foreign exchange.
Craig Safian: Sure. Before we get to the financial criteria, as you know, we've been very disciplined and diligent around writing checks on acquisitions. And so we really do flex on making sure that it is a great fit strategically, both from a business perspective, from a culture perspective, from a people perspective. And those are very tough thresholds to get across, which is, again, why we've done so few acquisitions over the last several years. From a financial criteria perspective, we are looking for outsized returns on the investment so that we continue to drive shareholder value through that, as well as driving our business organically as well as returning capital to shareholders. But we've got pretty stringent strategic criteria and then fairly stringent or very stringent financial criteria as well.
Craig Safian: Bill, it's going to vary based on how strong the fit is and how strong the strategic thrust of a potential target is or strategic fit of a potential target. So we're not going to say that every deal we do, it will be accretive immediately. If it's the right deal for the long term, we'll deal with whatever the short-term ramifications are. But the reality is we look at it as the right deal for the long term, not the short term.
Craig Safian: No, we've done 3 to 6. And again when you look at our price increase what it implies is some products were taking up higher than that, and some products lower; some markets higher than that, some products -- or some markets a little bit lower with the average being around 3%. What we found over the last several years is that 3% on average is really a sweet spot for us. If there are opportunities to go higher we go higher. But generally speaking we've been achieving 3% per year for the last several years.
Craig Safian: No, it's pretty consistent, amazingly, across the board. That -- there's a little bit of variability there, but by and large, that average roughly applies to each of our 3 business segments.
Craig Safian: No. Our business, as we have it structured, is a very global business and we have people selling and delivering each of those businesses in the local geographies where we do the business. So you won't see a big change. The average is pretty applicable across the entire business.
