Eugene A. Hall: Good morning, and welcome to our earnings call for the second quarter of 2013. We had another quarter of double-digit growth as a result of the continued effective execution of our proven strategy. Research, our largest and most profitable segment, continues to deliver double-digit growth, with robust demand for our services across all regions, industries and client sizes. Our performance in the Americas, our largest geography, accelerated, with great results across the business. Europe was also strong, with double-digit growth despite a challenging economic environment. We also saw double-digit growth across nearly every industry, including the public sector. And finally, we saw double-digit growth across all client sizes, demonstrating the great demand for our offerings. Our Events segment continues to exceed expectations in both attendees and exhibitors at our events around the world. And our Consulting segment had double-digit growth during the quarter, with strength across all regions we serve and in both Contract Optimization and core Consulting. We know how to be successful in any economic environment, and you're seeing that today in our results. You've heard me say this before, these are remarkable times for technology. Technology is transforming the world. It affects how we work and what we do, and it impacts every industry. And Gartner is at the heart of it. Every institution in the world is a potential client, giving us a vast, untapped market opportunity for our services. Gartner is the best source of help for enterprise leaders launching critical initiatives within the technology revolution, and we are relevant whether an institution is growing or facing economic challenges. I remain confident and excited about Gartner. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition, with a great business model, and relevant to virtually every company and every government agency in the world. In summary, I'd like to leave you with 3 takeaways for today's call. First, we continue to see robust demand for our services. Our vast market opportunity and our consistent winning strategy allowed us to once again deliver double-digit contract value growth. Second, clients value our services whether they're growing or facing difficult budget cuts. And third, we continue to be well positioned to achieve sustained double-digit growth in our key metrics, as we've done over the past several years. And with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Chris.
Eugene A. Hall: Peter, it's Gene. So as I said on the call earlier today, we're performing pretty well globally, with every region, every client size and almost every industry vertical growing at double-digit rates, including, by the way, the public sector. And our Americas grew a little faster than average, and the rest of the world grew modestly lower than average. And what's going on under the covers is, there's a few pockets within Europe that posed some challenges for us. And so Europe growth was a little slower than overall average, and it's in pockets of Europe. So again, much of Europe is very strong, but there are a few pockets that were a little -- not quite as strong. Again, just to reinforce, despite that, we still had double-digit growth in Europe, so we'd characterize it to be pretty strong still.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, Peter. So we have a number of initiatives to continue to grow our sales productivity. In fact, let's -- I should start with our sales productivity, actually, we're very happy with it. We think it's quite good. And we have -- but we do have a number of initiatives that we think, over time, will take that level to an even higher amount. And as Chris mentioned, we've implemented -- the way we generally roll these things out is we start in the Americas, and then we roll them out through the rest of the world over time. And we've implemented some of the latest ones in the Americas. And as we mentioned there, we saw an uptick in performance there, which increases the productivity there. As I mentioned, there are some other parts of the world, particularly in Europe, where we had some pockets that weren't quite as strong, and that's what's impacting the overall sales productivity.
Eugene A. Hall: Jeff, it's Gene. So the -- as we've talked about it, we don't try to forecast any improvement or deterioration in the economic environment. So when we talk about our thoughts on what's going on, it's assuming the economic environment doesn't get better and doesn't get worse. And so -- and then on top of that, frankly, we think we can do pretty well whether the economic environment is challenging or whether it's robust. And so the improvements we're talking about are more operational changes. And in fact, frankly, as I talked about some pockets of weakness, it's operational, it's not due to the economics. If you tried to correlate it with the GDP growth or unemployment or something like that, it's more correlated to where we have operational work to do as opposed to that it's the macro environment.
Eugene A. Hall: Tim, it's Gene. So it's a continuation of the things we've been doing over time. So it starts with things like productivity initiatives in the sales force, which are things like improving our training. It's also things like the tools that we give our salespeople. We also have introduced -- every quarter, we introduce a set of product enhancements, and so there's been a continuous sort of product enhancements. And as I mentioned, we tend to roll those things out in the U.S. first -- in the Americas first and then, through the rest of the world, the different regions. And so that's kind of where you see the first impact of these things. That gives you a flavor for it. It's things like sales tools and training and product enhancements.
Eugene A. Hall: So as you know, our long-term objective is to grow sales rate at 15% to 20% a year. And earlier this year we said, this year, we're planning to grow at approximately 15%, and we're still planning to grow at approximately 15%.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So in the Consulting business, we had some deals slide between -- from Q1 to Q2, and so it gave us a stronger Q2 than kind of -- so if you look at the 2 -- you have to look at the 2 quarters kind of together, and I think that's indicative of what you'd expect to see on a go-forward basis. So we're seeing good strength in Consulting across all of the geographies that we serve and in the 2 majors segments, core and CFC. So we're seeing good strength there. But again, I do think we had some deals that slid between quarters. So if you look at the first half, I think that's a good way to think about the Consulting business.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So the same approach is pretty much we use in Europe as we use elsewhere, with one exception, which is there's -- because of the economic environment, it's very challenging in Europe in many -- for many companies and many government institutions, there's offerings in our product line that are more focused on helping people save costs. And so we emphasize the cost reduction part of our offering more there than we would in companies and institutions that have a lot of growth. It's not that we don't do it elsewhere, but it's just more of an emphasis.
Eugene A. Hall: Its Gene. So in terms of our sales force, I'd say there's no important changes in any of the 3 things you mentioned. So in terms of recruiting, we're seeing lots of interest to work for Gartner. The technology sector is a very exciting sector to be in and we have a great a brand name, so attracting salespeople to Gartner has always been a very -- we're an attractive place to work for salespeople, and that continues to be that way. Our attrition is right in the range where it has been historically and where we expect it to be, so no change there either.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So obviously, we're not going to comment on any specific companies. We do track a number of companies. Today, we're probably tracking in the order of 100 companies. That's been true every quarter for the last 5 or 6 years, and so we have a number of companies we think are interesting that we track. And where it's appropriate, we maintain relationships with those companies. And if the right strategic situation comes up, the right price, as has happened several times in the past, we'll do an acquisition.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. So our business is not -- it's Gene. Our business is not driven by technology spending. It's driven by companies having initiatives in their business, and so the -- it's not really driven by technology spending at all. And so we're not sort of correlated with that. And another way to think about it is there's like $3 trillion of technology spending, and if that goes up or down a little bit, it just doesn't affect -- people are still buying trillions of dollars worth of equipment and services. And so whether that's $2.9 trillion or $3.1 trillion, they're still buying a lot of stuff, which is why whether it goes up 5% or 10% doesn't matter to us. It does to some of the technology providers, it's much more important.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, so we're not going to break that out, but it wasn't even necessarily the country level, meaning we saw pockets that didn't -- you shouldn't interpret that as even a whole country necessarily. So again, we had -- if you look at our individual sales teams, we had teams -- in general, the teams did very well. And we had a few pockets where, again, we have operational improvements to make.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. Again, I would say that it is definitely internal. Because again, if you looked at our performance versus GDP growth in those countries, we didn't have the best performance in the countries with the best GDP growth or the worst in the countries with the worst GDP growth. Again, it depends on the operational performance of the individual teams.
Eugene A. Hall: So it's Gene. So there's no kind of niche events that are driving our Events business. It's very broad. If you look at it, we're getting great growth across all our geographies and across the vast majority of our events. Again, I would characterize it as being very strong and very broad-based in terms of the performance. It's not driven by any kind of niche thing or anything like that. And then, long term, again, we intend to keep the same strategy at Events, which is we think there's plenty of opportunity to grow our existing portfolio of events, and we'll continue to do that. And then we intend to keep launching new events over time as well. Again, very consistent with what we've done in the past.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes, it's -- I'd say it's 2 things. Pricing is certainly a factor because we want to make sure we pay the right price for any kind of acquisition we make. The second thing is -- has to do with the owners and the management team. If it's a private company, if the owners don't want to sell, then obviously we can't buy it. And similarly, if it's -- even if it's a public company, we have to make sure that the management team is going to be helpful in an acquisition. And that's part of why we often maintain relationships in advance, so that people kind of understand how great being a part of Gartner could be.
Christopher J. Lafond: Peter, thanks. As we continue to see where we are, and with Gene's comments he just made, if you look at our performance -- and as you know, what we've been doing over time is continuing to implement initiatives across the company to improve our performance. And I think what you're seeing in the U.S., with the slight acceleration, is that those things are taking hold so we feel really good about what we're seeing in the U.S. As Gene mentioned, we're still seeing really good performance even in challenging places like Europe and public sector. So we think those things are having impact, and as things return to more normal levels, we'll see things accelerate. So whether that's later this year or into next year is the question, but we feel very good about what we're seeing as we look at the details of our performance.
Christopher J. Lafond: No. I think, this quarter, it's all due to mix. As I talked about, we had originally projected 31% for the year. We're now expecting about 32.5%. And so what you saw on the quarter was a bit of a catch-up for the year, which is why it was a bit higher for the quarter. We don't expect it to be at that level for the remainder of the year. We expect the whole year to end at about 32.5% and again, consistent with the comments we just made on where our performance is. It's driven -- seeing some more income in the U.S., which is higher-tax jurisdiction, so it's really all driven by that.
Christopher J. Lafond: If you look forward -- at this point, Peter, we're not expecting any dramatic change to our longer-term tax rates. We've said that, that rate should be in the 31%, 32% range. We still are looking at that. Obviously, there's a lot of things changing in the world of tax right now, and so as we continue to monitor that, we'll be able to give you more color. But as of this point, we don't see anything that should change that over the longer term.
Christopher J. Lafond: Jeff, it's Chris. So a couple of things that I would say. As we talked about, in the Americas, we did see an acceleration. So we certainly have factual data points in the Americas that things did accelerate a bit, so we did see that. And so from our perspective, we're seeing them. We look across our business in great detail and we can see places where things are improving. And -- but at the end of the day, as Gene said, we do believe that our own execution will continue to allow us to improve and accelerate over time.
Christopher J. Lafond: So a couple of things on retention that I would mention. First, we've been very consistently retaining our clients. So our client retention has been 82%, 83% now for 12 quarters, and so that is a very consistent trend, where we retain all of our clients and retain them at the same rate that we have been for quite some time. When you look at the wallet retention rate, it's very consistent with the comments I think we made during our talk here, in that we're seeing some continued good retention rates in Americas. Some of the slowdown and a little bit of the deceleration you've seen in Europe that's driving the CV growth is driven by a little bit of the retention. So where you're seeing it is in those pockets that Gene talked about, as opposed to broad-based. When we look at our retention rates globally and look at it in great detail, we feel very confident. We're seeing really good retention rates across the vast majority of the business, and it's just a few pockets of places that are causing that, consistent with the CV going from 14% to 13%.
Christopher J. Lafond: Well, our biggest currencies other than the U.S. dollar are the euro and the pound. Those are, by far, the 2 biggest. And so as those move, that's where you're going to see the biggest impact. Certainly, if you work your way down, you have the Australian dollar, the Canadian dollar and the Japanese yen. Those are really the top 5 currencies that have an impact, but the 2 are the ones that really move the needle the most.
Christopher J. Lafond: Yes, and that's why we only moved them by 1%, right? So there was enough of a move that we felt it was material enough to update our guidance for the foreign exchange move, but it hasn't been significant, which is why we only moved it 1%.
Christopher J. Lafond: Joe, it's Chris. I think there's a couple of things. As we talk about all the time, the CFC business can be quite lumpy depending on when our clients choose to do some of these larger engagements. And so what we've said over time is that, that business tends to be a little less predictable quarter-over-quarter, and so you can see some shifts in the quarterly results as a result of that -- Contract Optimization. Sorry, I used an internal acronym. It's Contract Optimization. It's the business that tends to be a bit lumpy. I think what you saw in the quarter, as Gene mentioned, is a really nice balanced performance. You saw the CF -- Contract Optimization business improve. You saw, as Gene said, our core and benchmark business was also delivering some nice results. And so as Gene said, I think when you look at the half, you can see kind of we're right where we wanted to be as we started the year in terms of our overall expectations for the business. I can't sit here today and say that every quarter is going to be perfectly smooth because the business is, as you know, tends to be a little less even as our Research business, which is a subscription model, we recognize revenue evenly over the course of those contracts. That's not the same model as Consulting. So we feel very good about the results, very good about where we are today. As you know, we've done a lot of things in that business to get to the kind of results we're at, and we expect to continue to deliver against our longer-term expectations over time.
Christopher J. Lafond: Just let me make sure we're clear on the comment I made. So what I said when we were talking about the Research business is that, over time, we certainly expect acceleration. And what we also said was we weren't necessarily saying it's going to come in the third quarter, fourth quarter et cetera. What we really are saying there is that given the performance we're seeing, seeing the acceleration in the U.S., feeling good about the programs and things we've put in place, feeling good as we look in detail across the business at much deeper levels, various regions and certain managers around the world, we're seeing great performance and great results. And we certainly expect that, that will continue to make its way through the rest of the world, as things start to stabilize in Europe and some of the other pockets of weakness that we see. So we certainly expect it for all those reasons, and I wouldn't sit here and tell you today that we've forecasted you're going to see that acceleration in either Q3 or Q4.
Christopher J. Lafond: Great. Thanks, Bill. In terms of buybacks, as those of you who followed us for a long time know, we've been pretty aggressive in terms of using our cash whether that's acquisition, where we find them and they make sense, which we will continue to do, and absent those, continue to be aggressive in share repurchase. And we spent about $100 million to date, and you should expect us to continue to be there. So our strategy remains the same. We think it's a great use of cash. We're going to continue to be aggressive in the marketplace, and we'll continue to be buying shares back for the remainder of this year and into the future. We still have $143 million on our share authorization program and so have plenty of capacity. And we also, right now, are not very heavily levered on a debt-to-EBITDA basis. We certainly have no issues with taking our leverage higher for the right transactions, whether that is more aggressive share repurchase or the right acquisition. We certainly have been much higher over time and have no concerns or issues with taking our leverage higher at all. So that's kind of the comments on your first question. On the second question around Events, our advanced bookings and indications for our events in the back half of the year, particularly symposium, look really strong, as strong or stronger than we saw in previous years at this same period of time prior to the events. So we feel really good about what we're seeing right now in the pipeline and what's already been booked for those events.
Christopher J. Lafond: We have no problem being in the 3x to 4x debt-to-EBITDA range for the right transactions because we could take it down very quickly with our cash-generating ability. Could you go higher than that if the transaction was right? Sure. We'd absolutely look at that. So we are very comfortable with our financial model, very comfortable with the cash we generate. And so taking that level up for a short period of time and bringing it back down pretty quickly for the right transaction is no source of a concern for us at all.
Christopher J. Lafond: In the 3 segments, Research and Consulting are solely due to foreign exchange, no other reason for the change. And on the Events business, we actually increased it because our performance has been so strong, and it was offset slightly by lower FX. So really Events was the only one that was changed for performance reasons, and that was changed to the upside.
Christopher J. Lafond: Sure. What we've said over time and continues to be the case is we're fairly naturally hedged. So we have -- with revenues in -- around the world, particularly in those major currencies I mentioned earlier, we also have costs, analysts, salespeople in those regions. As we get bigger and bigger, the natural hedge is not 100%, and so as you see a little bit of movement on the top line, it does start to filter as we have larger EBITDA now over time. And so that's why you're seeing the slight change to the EBITDA side. So while we saw the 1% reduction on the top line, it's about 1% on the EBITDA line or about $5 million. And that's why it's relatively minimal to the earnings line.
Christopher J. Lafond: Great. So just a couple of things on price. Actually, our average price is actually up nicely year-over-year. We do increase prices in Events, as we do with Research and every part of our portfolio in fact. And so the average price -- and again, when you look at average prices, it's also depending on the event, so as the mix moves, certain events have higher price points than other price points. But overall, if you try to normalize that, the average price per attendees is actually up, which is great. There are -- when you look at the attendee mix, there are some mix of attendees that pay different price points, and the mix has been -- has shifted to where we want it to be in terms of the attendees. And so we're very comfortable with what we're seeing on the attendee side at all of the events that we've had in the first half and continue to see really nice demand at this point for the events we're holding in the second half. So that's kind of where we are on the Events business.
Christopher J. Lafond: We always report our metrics on a 4-quarter rolling basis to avoid that. So there are -- there tend to be a little bit of a seasonality at certain points in time, and so the reason that we don't report an individual quarter's retention is to normalize for that seasonality.
Christopher J. Lafond: From a share count -- no change to the original guidance, roughly $95-ish million for the year -- sorry, 95 million shares for the year, sorry about that, not dollars.
