Eugene A. Hall: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We delivered another great year in 2016. We told you we would accelerate and we did. We delivered against our key metrics for the year, including double-digit growth in contract value, revenue and earnings per share. In addition, as many of you know, we recently announced our intent to acquire CEB. I'm incredibly excited about our business, our prospects for growth and our strategy to drive long-term growth and value for our shareholders. As in the past, I will give you a high level overview of our results on an FX neutral basis, since that's the best way to understand the underlying performance of our business. For the full year 2016 contract value was up 14%. Total company revenues were also up 14% and EBITDA was up 10%. This performance was driven by robust quarter-over-quarter results and demand for our services remained strong. Our results reflect a tremendous value delivered to our clients and all of this occurred against the challenging global economic environment that we had throughout 2016. Research is our largest and most profitable segment and this business is firing on all cylinders. For the fourth quarter of 2016, we had double-digit growth in every geography, every size client and virtually every industry. Research revenues grew 15% and total contract value grew 14%. Client retention was 84% and wallet retention 104%, which were near our all-time highs. Both client and wallet retention improved sequentially over Q3 2016. Sales productivity improved as well. Rolling four-quarter productivity improved sequentially to 7% over Q3. And our standalone Q4 2016 sales productivity increased by 12% over Q4 of 2015. And we are not stopping there. Our number one priority is continuing to drive higher sales productivity. Our Events business delivers great value to our attendees, helps improve client retention and is a great proof-of-concept for our clients. For the full year Events revenues were up 8%. Q4 is when you hold the majority of our Symposium/ITxpo events. Symposium continues to be the must-attend event for CIOs and their teams. We hosted more than 6,000 CIOs, which is up 15% over 2015. That said, our overall Q4 Events results were modestly below expectations, and this was impacted by two major things. First, several of our highest performing attendee and exhibitor sales people were promoted into management and other roles within Gartner. Over the past few years, turnover among this team has been unusually low. Promotions that would normally have occurred over time happen to have been concentrated in 2016. This left us for the larger number of open territories while successors were hired, and of course, new sales people take a year or two to reach full productivity. Secondly, we consolidated three events into one, as I discussed in our last call. And the consolidated event performed below expectations for both attendee and exhibitor revenues. We have addressed those issues, leading indicators are strong and we expect to achieve double-digit growth in 2017. Our Consulting business represents an opportunity for us to deepen our Research relationships with our largest clients. For the full-year, our Consulting business delivered 6% revenue growth in line with our expectations. We ended the year with approximately four months of backlog, which is in our target range. As you know, one of our key strategies in Consulting is to build a cadre of managing partners. As we enter 2017, our managing partners are up 13%. And this provides a great foundation for us to deliver strong Consulting performance in 2017. Gartner is a people business. We'll continue to make significant investments in our associates. We're investing in recruiting and training. We're attracting extraordinarily high quality talent to join our team. And we're investing in systems, tools and processes that drive productivity. I just returned from our Annual Kick-Off Meeting with sales leaders from around the world. And I've never seen a more excited and talented group. They've got great momentum and are incredibly enthusiastic about our prospects for 2017. So summarizing, our business continues to perform extraordinarily well, even in a mixed global economic environment. This performance reflects the value we deliver against our clients' mission critical priorities, whether those clients are thriving or in distress. Because Gartner is a people business, we continue to make significant investments in our talent. Our sales leaders are incredibly excited and enthusiastic about the year ahead. We drove a terrific close to 2016 and are entering 2017 with great momentum. Our full-year and long-term outlook is strong. And finally, as always, we remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through investment in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. With that I'll now turn the call over to Craig, who will provide more detail on our business results.
Eugene A. Hall: So, as Craig said, I'll turn now to our recent announcement to acquire CEB. Yesterday, we received U.S. antitrust approval for the proposed transaction, which is an important milestone in completing the acquisition. This transaction has multiple compelling shareholder value drivers. First, this is a highly complementary combination. The Gartner brand is known for delivering independent objective insights for syndicated research and advisory products to all levels of IT, supply chain and marketing professionals. CEB is widely admired for delivering best practice and talent management insights to executives and other functions such as HR, sales, finance and legal. Together, we create the leading global research and advisory company serving all major functions in enterprise. In today's world, every functional area of the business is undergoing dynamic change comparable to what's been happening in IT over the past decade. Much of this is in fact driven by increased technology capabilities. Take HR for example. Today's Chief HR Officer relies on sophisticated analytics around hiring. They're increasingly using artificial intelligence and machine learning. They also have a rapidly changing regulatory environment they need to keep abreast of. The advent of cloud computing has enabled new types of HR tools, such as Workday, a core HR platform, Avature, which supports candidate CRM or Cornerstone, a talent management system that addresses workforce learning and development. Just like IT leaders, HR leaders need help in selecting the right tools in today's rapidly changing environment. These are mission critical priorities for every enterprise and they must be addressed whether companies growing or in financial distress. Our services will be just as critical for HR leaders as they have been for IT leaders. The same is true in finance, as Craig can tell you. And it's true for the other major functions of the business such as sales, marketing, supply chain, product development, service delivery and more. We believe CEB can achieve double-digit contract value growth by applying the proven approaches that have driven double-digit growth in Gartner over the past decade. Take wallet retention for example. Improving wallet retention directly accelerates contract value growth. Gartner wallet retention has consistently been around 104% while CEB's has dropped to around 88%. We believe there is no reason CEB can't achieve the same level of wallet retention as Gartner. And this chain alone would boost CEB's growth rate to double-digits. We know how to achieve and sustain high levels of wallet retention. Let me give a few examples that are all applicable to CEB. We've developed automated tools to drive higher client engagement and higher client engagement drives higher retention. High quality service kickoffs get clients in habit of using our services which results in higher retention. We know how to manage the renewal process to maximize retention. And we have many tools in processes that we'll introduce to CEB's business that drive retention. Another factor that drives growth is sales force growth. And we know how to identify, attract, train and excite incredibly talented sales people at double-digit growth rates. We've now been in integration planning for around four weeks. With this experience, we're even more confident in the synergy opportunity range we have discussed, which is $25 million to $50 million net of investments to accelerate growth of the business. Here are some examples. We don't need two CEOs or two boards of directors. We won't need to pay two sets of New York Stock Exchange fees. There're real estate consolidation opportunities as well as system and process consolidation opportunities. This transaction is financially attractive for both the short and long-term. It's immediately accretive to Gartner's adjusted EPS and we expect it to be double-digit percent accretive to our adjusted EPS in 2018. Summarizing, CEB is highly complementary to Gartner. Our services will be critical for every function of the business, whether that business is thriving or in economic distress, just like they have been for IT. We believe our proven practices will significantly accelerate CEB's growth rates. There are sizable net synergy opportunities and it's financially attractive over both the short and long-term. With that, we'll take your questions.
Eugene A. Hall: So, great question. It's Gene. The timing of promotions actually disproportionately affected Q4. As you know, Q4 is our largest Events quarter, and as we look at sales of tickets and exhibitor sales, it ramps up kind of exponentially into the quarter. And so, the fact that we had some open territories, as I mentioned from these promotions, and by the way, these promotions are great for our people in long-term and other parts of Gartner would gave us the short-term problem at Events. And so, it was really the timing of them. It just is kind of you have this exponential ramp up into our biggest Events quarter.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah. It's Gene. So as we mentioned in our last call, we saw kind of an inflection point in our business and that continues. So the business environment got noticeably better, which sort of helped drive a strong Q4. That environment continues to be the same and I'd say both in the U.S. and globally.
Eugene A. Hall: So, it's Gene. So first, in terms of sold out the – we have as you mentioned in a couple of our events like Orlando Symposium, we are kind of at capacity. We're solving that problem a couple of different ways. One is, we're increasing the number of CIOs that are going to Orlando Symposium and we're increasing ticket prices to match the fact that we have a richer audience going there as well. And so that's one mechanism of growth. The second mechanism of growth is, we are introducing – if you look in the North America, we're introducing other events that we can take even CIOs to beyond Symposium where there might be capacity. So for example, we had a Canadian event that is very much like a symposium that over time in fact could become a symposium where we have two in North America, not just one, so that our Canadian clients would tend more to go to that event and the North American ones. Similar for Latin America, we have an event today in Brazil for the people in Latin America that use to come to Orlando Symposium, they can now come to our Brazil Symposium. And so part of our strategy is we'll introduce additional symposiums over time, just as we've done in the past. And so, we're not constrained in growth. We're looking to introduce new comparable events that are tailored for – that are more tailored actually to a specific audience like the Canadian one I mentioned. So, we're not really constrained in any way by our Events team.
Eugene A. Hall: And lastly I'd say, as we looked at the ramp up of our new sales people, that we did hire in 2016, on what they sold toward the end of 2016, which affects 2017 events not 2016 events, they're right on track for having very good productivity.
Eugene A. Hall: So we think of the opportunity as being sort of short term, medium term, longer term. So there's opportunities in all categories. We're going to prioritize the things that have short term pay off first, make sure we get those nailed very quickly. So we think that we'll see pretty quick improvements in CEB's retention and other kind of factors as we implement these things that have the nearest term impact first. And then to your point, there will other things that take longer to do, but there are definitely things that have a short-term impact.
Eugene A. Hall: So on the timing of the promotions, the – I'll tell you the philosophy we've had, which is particularly for our high-performing people, they can apply for jobs inside Gartner or outside Gartner. And they can do this whenever they want to do it. And of course, if we have high performers, we really want to retain those people. And so we've adopted a policy that we want to be competitive with outside jobs. And so the concern we have is if we say, well, you can't change jobs and get this great promotion where you'll make more money and have a better job and advance your career, because it's not integral (52:20) to the company, we're concerned – and this was what a lot of companies have, is that then drives them to take jobs on the outside. And so while we do try to work with people for timing, but people want to advance their careers and increase their compensation, et cetera. And so it's a fine balance there. I also do think – again this was kind of a very unusual happening where we had unusually low turnover for like the last three years among these teams. And then this just – again, they applied to different jobs regardless. It wasn't like they all went to one place, different kind of jobs. And it just all happened to hit at a time that was not the best for our Q4 events. In terms of CEB, I don't see a similar kind of thing happening. Again we're going to work with identifying and increasing – first, as we mentioned, having improvements in retention programs. If we think – there really it's just about executing the programs, implementing the tools that we've developed over the last decade at Gartner. And then we'll accelerate hiring of new sales people. And that'll be about building a recruiting capability, a training capability and then deploying these new sales people in CEB's organization.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah. So it had nothing to do with travel budgets. We had three events that were application oriented. And they had a clear value proposition for both our attendees and our exhibitors. When we combined them into one, we didn't do a good job of communicating what that new value proposition was, and it's kind of as simple as that, it has nothing to do with travel or anything like that. We've analyzed it in detail. We understand what happened there. But otherwise I should mention, larger events have bigger economics and better economics. And so in general, they're better for us. In this particular case that tried to move from three to one, which looked great on paper. We communicated it ineffectively in terms of – to both our exhibitors and our attendees and didn't had the result we would have liked.
Eugene A. Hall: Actually, great question, Jeff. So, there's actually really good news here, which is the group that had the best improvement productivity is our newest hires. And we focused on making sure we hire people with the right fits, that we give them world-class training and we give them tools and get them off to a fast start and that's just really working. And so the single biggest tenured group that had improvement is in people earlier in their tenure.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, thank you for your questions. So, to summarize the key points of today's call, we're performing extraordinarily well as a company. For the full year 2016, we delivered double-digit growth in every geography, across every size company and in virtually every industry. Our sustained success demonstrates the tremendous value we deliver for our clients, whether thriving or in economic distress. We recently announced we've entered into an agreement to acquire CEB. CEB is highly complementary to Gartner and we're confident that our combined services will be critical for every function of the business just like they have been for IT. Additionally, this transaction is attractive for both the short and long-term. It's immediately accretive to Gartner's adjusted EPS and we expect to be double-digit percent accretive to our adjusted EPS in 2018. We're getting better, stronger, faster day-after-day, year-after-year. We're entering 2017 with incredible momentum and we expect to continue our trend of double-digit growth for years to come. We look forward to updating you again at our next earnings call. Thanks for joining us today.
Craig W. Safian: Yes. Sure. Good morning Anj. As we've discussed all the time as we've talked about our market opportunity, we have strong conviction in the fact that we have an enormous market opportunity in all of the enterprises that currently don't do business with us and we have an enormous market opportunity even in our existing enterprises. And the continued expansion, the average spend for enterprise illustrates that the fact that there is that huge opportunity in growing our penetration within existing enterprises. In terms of the enterprise count, I would just refer you, we had a slight dip in client retention over the course of the year, which you saw come back in the fourth quarter. That's going to impact that net enterprise number a little bit. I wouldn't read too much into it. We drove really nice new business growth over the course of the year, and we did accelerate our CV growth rate over the course of the year up to 14% as well. And so as we go forward, we again, expect to see about what we have seen historically which is about two-thirds of our growth come from further penetration of existing enterprises and about one-third of our growth come from net new logos.
Craig W. Safian: And Gary, on the second part of your question, in terms of the tenure. Two things working in our favor that actually give us positive view on the outlook for Events. So number one is, we have more sales people in territory entering 2017 as compared to where we were at the same point in 2016, and we'll also get the benefit of – we hired them over the course of 2016, and so their tenure mix or seasoning will have improved as well. And as we've talked about in the past, obviously, people in their first year are not as productive as people in their second year, or not as productive as people in their third year. So the outlook for Events is really based on the fact that fuller territories, essentially a bigger army selling events and the improvement in tenure mix.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. Good morning, Tim. It's Craig. The improvement we saw was broad based. As we mentioned on prior calls, we have seen a rebound in Brazil. We have seen a rebound in the energy and utility sectors, which were probably the two areas – and also in the Middle East as well, which were probably the three areas that were the biggest hit. That alone does not account for the acceleration in CV growth. We actually saw a nice improvement in the Americas, nice improvement in Europe, nice improvement in Asia and Australia as well. So it really was a combination of improvement in some of the areas that were most impacted. But also a broad-based improvement as well, which ties into the inflection point comment that Gene gave, both on last quarter's call and on this quarter's call.
Craig W. Safian: Yes, it was small impact, less than 1 point on the overall growth rate. Important note, SCM World was in last quarter. So the sequential improvement is actually full-on organic sequential improvement.
Craig W. Safian: Sure, Tim. You're right in that investment in managing partners is a core pillar of our Consulting strategy. Ultimately over the long term what it will do when we get to full coverage is drive deeper, longer lasting recurring relationships that make the business more predictable, that make our utilization more predictable and at higher levels. That's ultimately the strategy. And as you mentioned, we've been growing the capacity to get there. As we look ahead, we're going to continue to invest in managing partners. We do believe that over the long term that will result in the things I just mentioned, which are more stable revenue growth, more stable utilization. And so we would expect to see margin improvements or more attractive margins for this business over the long term.
Craig W. Safian: Good morning, Manav. The range we give, again, we are talking about a roughly $500 million base. So the range from our perspective isn't that enormous. It's the typical range of outcomes. If we see Events performance or Consulting performance being towards the top end of their range, obviously that drives profits to the top end of range. If we have accelerated CV growth earlier in the year, that obviously can flow through and impact the earnings as well. So, it's really no change in philosophy in terms of the size of the range and no terms in philosophy in terms of the puts and takes to our overall guidance.
Craig W. Safian: Good morning, Jeff. In terms of the head count growth, as we have talked, we do a bottoms up planning exercise around all the territory growth we want to do at any given year. And when we did the bottoms up this year, again, we want to go faster in places that have really nice productivity that is accelerating, and we go a little bit slower in places that are having challenges. And when we did that math or did all of that analysis, from a territory expansion perspective, it netted out to 13%. As always, as we go through the year, if we are seeing productivity continue to accelerate and improve, we will go a little bit faster. If we see places where we are challenged, we will go a little bit slower in those places. But our overarching planning assumption as we rolled it up from the bottom netted out to about 13% territory growth and that's what we baked into the plan. In terms of the productivity assumption, Jeff you know from a planning perspective we typically – we don't plan with a hockey stick. We don't plan based on hope. We plan based on what we've actually achieved. And so from our perspective, the way to actually build the plan is, we build it based on flat productivity. As you know, if we deliver flat productivity, that's not what we're aiming for. We're aiming for consistent improvements in productivity, but from a planning perspective we always find it most prudent to go with our most recent performance.
Craig W. Safian: Sure. Good morning, Jeff. So a couple of things so, number one, as you see in the press release, and as Gene mentioned in his prepared remarks, clearing HSR is obviously a big milestone and we cleared that had yesterday, which is great. We're looking to file the S-4 and Proxy in the next couple of days. That will be for 9/30/2016 and for full year 2015, both companies will be filing their 10-Ks towards the end of this month. We will then very quickly follow up with a updated S-4 and Proxy that is pro forma combined 2016 results. We're in the process of working through our financing and we will be lining all that up with the milestones you should be looking at or obviously HSR clearance which we just got through the required regulatory filings and then we will be out marketing our financing instruments in March. Again, we're targeting, we said first half of 2017 close. Ideally, that happens sometime in April, but you never know what bumps could be there from a filing or regulatory perspective, but we're on track to close as quickly as we can, and the hurdles are really around the regulatory filings and then getting out and marketing the financing.
