Eugene A. Hall: Good morning and welcome to our quarterly earnings call. Thanks for joining us. We drove another strong quarter of double-digit growth in Q3 with total revenues up 13% and EBITDA up 17%. We continue to see strength within each of our three businesses; Research, Consulting and Events. Research revenue was up 12% year-over-year. Consulting revenue was up 10% year-over-year with backlog up 18% on a reported basis. On a same-event basis, Events revenue was up 21% and the number of attendees was up 17% year-over-year. We continue to apply the Gartner Formula for growth to both Global Technology Sales and to Global Business Sales. Global Technology Sales was up 14% and again delivered double-digit growth in every region across every size company and in virtually every industry. We continue to pursue the enormous growth opportunity with our GTS clients and prospects. We also have an enormous growth opportunity by applying the Gartner Formula to GBS. Applying the Gartner Formula has required an unusually large amount of change for GBS during 2017 and 2018. We restructured the organization. We eliminated discounting and reconfigured contract terms and conditions. We introduced seat-based offerings and made many more changes. These changes put in place the foundation for sustained double-digit growth in the future. Change of this magnitude puts everyone affected on a new learning curve and this impacted short-term productivity, as we expected. Looking to the future with much of the foundation in place, we expect our teams will advance on the learning curve, resulting in sustained double-digit growth. First, our GBS leadership team and salespeople understand and are fully bought in to the Gartner Formula. They have the will. They're determined to succeed and they're incredibly excited about the opportunity ahead. With this determination and excitement, their skills in executing the Gartner Formula are getting better every day. Clients appreciate the strong value proposition in our new seat-based products. As a result, over the past three quarters, the proportion of our salespeople who sold their first seat-based deal has grown rapidly. And once they've sold their first deal, salespeople quickly accelerate in selling their second, third and more. As you might expect, the proportion of a seat-based contract value has also rapidly grown. Our business development salespeople in GBS have already achieved similar levels of productivity to their colleagues in GTS. Our account executives are also accelerating their sales of seat-based products. Account executives also have renewals to process. So, their seat-based sales are accelerating at a slower rate than the business development salespeople. One of the key elements in the Gartner Formula is advanced analytics-based selling tools. These tools are critical element of the strong performance in GTS. We've recently implemented these tools for GTS and GBS will benefit in the same way. Retention is critical in our business and we're world class. Throughout 2018, we've added GBS service teams for the Gartner Formula. We're already seeing benefits in the places we've deployed these teams. As we scale other areas of GBS, we expect this will drive further improvements on retention. Focus is another core element of the Gartner Formula. So we've divested businesses that weren't central to our strategy. And finally, we know from our track record extending more than a decade that if we have more salespeople, we will sell more. We'll close 2018 with a substantially more capacity and will add even more during 2019 So in GBS, with much of the foundation in place, we expect the learning curve to accelerate, resulting in sustained double-digit growth. In closing, we have strengthened all three of our business segments. I recently experienced the power of Gartner in helping clients achieve their mission-critical priorities when I attended our Symposium Conference in Orlando. This event is the most important gathering of CIOs and senior IT executives in North America. The executives were inspired and empowered to succeed as a result of the insights we delivered at this important event. Our associates were equally inspired and excited about the incredible value we deliver to our clients. I encourage all of you to attend at least one of these events to experience the power of Gartner for yourself. We have an incredibly large market opportunity. We know the right things to do to drive success in our business by applying the Gartner Formula and we're on track to achieve sustained double-digit growth in revenues, earnings, and cash flows for years to come. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Craig Safian, our Chief Financial Officer.
Eugene A. Hall: Hey, Tim. It's Gene. I'll get started and then Craig can follow-up. So, basically, we have two kinds of salespeople. Business developers that have a set of prospects that aren't buying anything from us today and so that's one kind of a selling cycle. And then we have different kind of salespeople, which we call account executives, who actually have existing clients, and their job is to renew those existing clients and to sell additional business to those existing clients. And as you mentioned, one of the things that we've been very – that has gone very well is that the sales productivity of our business developers at this point is roughly comparable to the sales productivity of business developers both between GTS and GBS. On the account executives side, what's going on is two things. The salespeople, first of all – so, let me go to BDs. Business developers, all they have to do is to sell new clients with this new product. They don't have to renew all of those. And so, the learning curve they have is a lot simpler if you're just selling the new product than if you have to sell – have to renew the old one and also maybe have clients that say (28:51) I have the old product, can I extend it or whatever versus selling to all new clients. So, what's really going on is the business developers have a much faster learning curve and they've gone up that learning curve nicely because it's a much simpler selling task. On the account executives, first, they have a more complicated learning curve, as I mentioned, because they have to go through all the renewals. In addition, the amount of renewals that they have to do is quite high relative to the GTS account executives. We are changing that over time. So, over time, we're reducing the amount of renewals that each of the account executives has to do. Over the short term, they have substantially more renewals than the GTS account executives. That limits – so their time available to sell the new products is limited because of that relative to a GTS account executive. And so, as a result, their learning curve on selling the new products is slower. They're actually doing quite well. So if you look at it – in each quarter, the proportion of account executives that have sold at least one sale that's in the new seat-based products has been growing sequentially quarter-over-quarter, and it's now a substantial part of our total sales force. In addition, if you look at those that sold one three quarters ago, now they're selling – they have continued selling and that pace has accelerated. The same for those who've sold two, they accelerate again, but at a slower acceleration to business developers for the reason I just talked about. And so, they've a slower learning curve, but they're climbing up that learning curve quite nicely, given the additional workload they have from all the renewals they have to do.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene, Manav. So, basically, the philosophy that we've approached with this, if we have a happy client with an existing product and they want to keep renewing forever, we're happy with that. And so, what we do is we go through with our clients and those that are very satisfied with the legacy products and want to keep renewing and we have a little price increase each year, we let them do it and we're happy to do it. For those that have some questions about value, whatever, we go and we show them the new products, which are priced higher, by the way, substantially higher, and we sell them the new products. So, we're actually getting good uptake among the clients that say, I'm not necessarily that happy with the existing product. We're actually getting good uptake and conversion and a substantial portion of our seat-based sales in the account executive channel. And so, it would be the – the other thing about that is that we're not actually going – we are happy if a client keeps renewing. We've great incremental margins with our legacy products. We're very happy for them to keep renewing. It's got a low sales cost, great gross margins and focus on selling the new. As I mentioned, what's going on is, under the covers, the amount of legacy new product sales has been declining because you didn't stop, in a binary sense, because even though we stopped making new proposals, any proposals in the pipeline, we'll let salespeople and clients go ahead and close. In the meantime, they've been switching now to selling the newer products, the seat-based products, and that's been rising rapidly and that has been kind of flat so far, but based on trends, we expect that will change. And also, as Craig said, we've added a lot of capacity, as you know, in the first year. And as Craig said, the first year you hire people, you train them, and then they have to get up the curve. Their selling productivity is the lowest, obviously, in their first year.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah. So, Manav, we've modeled out what we need to do to get to that target. Like quarter-by-quarter, what sales productivity we need, what renewal rates we need, what rate – what new business productivity we need. And so, it's not a hope and a dream. It's basically we've modeled it out. We know what we have to do. Our sales teams and service teams know what they have to do and we think we'll see the acceleration throughout 2019. And it's not going to be three quarters of zero growth and then all of a sudden it goes to double digit. You'll see the acceleration.
Eugene A. Hall: So, we believe that GBS has the potential to grow faster than GTS on a sustained basis, because the penetration is still low. And so, we're actually increasing our sales head count not to hit 10%, but to – we're growing our sales head count to far exceed that, and I won't – I'm not saying the exact number, but just a number bigger than we're getting from GTS, which is very good. And so, the first part of the answer to your question is we're growing our GBS sales head count with the anticipation that, actually, we will not just hit the targets that Craig laid out earlier, but we will go beyond those as soon as those people get up to speed. In terms of the specific numbers there...
Eugene A. Hall: So, Bill, basically, in our Events business, we have – we based it on the research that we have in our Research business. Clients come for that and we've been very effective at marketing those events, and obviously clients are seeing a lot of value from it. It's kind of as simple as that, great content, great marketing. And so, the clients come and get a lot of value out of it and that's why you're seeing that growth.
Eugene A. Hall: Hi, George. Just to be clear, so on the – so, the BD productivity is as good as GTS. They had good BD productivity before. It wasn't like they had terrible BD productivity. And then on the AE side, what's going on is there's a fall-off in sales of legacy product and an uptick in sales of the new products. And because of the learning curve, again, that uptick wasn't as quick as the business developers, but it's proceeding well. So, the reason you're not seeing it is, the BD productivity on the legacy products was good and on the new products was good. On the AE productivity, it's been based – so that didn't change a lot. On the AE productivity, what's going on is that the AE net productivity wasn't at GTS levels. And it hasn't risen substantially so far because of the fall-off of legacy has been made up for just about equally with the increase in seat-based products. Now, we're encouraged that over time that will turn around, because, as I mentioned, we're reducing the workload to the number of renewals that we have to see. And secondly, for the AEs that have started selling new seat-based products, their new business productivity is going up as well. It's a higher priced product and there's more additional sale opportunities. So, it's this combination of – with the new seat-based products having higher pricing, having more additional sale opportunities, and then in addition to that, having a smaller workload in renewals, so you have more time to sell. Those are the factors that over time – it hasn't happened yet, but we can see it in the underlying numbers that where we have reduced workload, their productivity has gone up. We will continue to do that throughout 2019. We're doing it now, but we'll continue to do it through 2019. And again, for the people that have already sold their first seat-based product, they're now getting acceleration in selling the second, third, fourth, which increases their new business productivity.
Eugene A. Hall: So, Henry, in GTS, we're doing great. The growth rate is terrific. We're not satisfied with the growth rate. We'd like to have higher growth and we're working all the levers. So, we are continuing to work on improving retention and we believe we can continue to improve retention. And we are continuing to work on improving new business per salesperson. While it's good, we believe it can get better and we have programs to improve that. And again, we also want to grow the sales force at the rate that we believe we can productively deploy salespeople. And as I've talked about in the past, the third lever, the rate we grow is set by the number of managers we have and what we think their capacity is to manage additional salespeople. And so, if we can increase that, meaning our management team's ability to accept more salespeople, we'd accelerate the growth rate in our head count as well. And so, we're working all three of those levers. So while, as you said, GTS CV growth and productivity is great, we're not satisfied with that. And again, our aspiration is for significantly better.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, so as you heard today, we have strengthened all three of our businesses: Research, Consulting, and Events. We know the right things to do to drive success in our business by applying the Gartner Formula. Our GTS organization continues to deliver strong performance. We've put much of the foundation in place that will accelerate the learning curve for GBS, resulting in sustained double-digit growth there as well. We deliver incredible value to every major functioning enterprise. We've vast market opportunity and we're on track to deliver sustained double-digit growth in revenues, earnings, and cash flow for years to come. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you next quarter.
Craig W. Safian: And then Tim, the other thing just worth mentioning, to add on to Gene's point, is around the legacy leadership councils and the account executives largely having that in their territory to renew and/or migrate. And then all the business that the business developers are selling, which is seat-based, will then be covered by account executives going forward. But inherently, those account executive territories will have more opportunity because we haven't sold a enterprise license leadership council. We'll actually have seat-based products in there, which will allow us to further penetrate the organization, the buying center, the function in the same way that we do on the GTS side.
Craig W. Safian: Good morning, Jeff. So, the way to think about the Q3 upside is the bulk of the upside came from below-the-line items, most notably depreciation, equity compensation expense, lower tax rate, and a little bit of benefit from a shares perspective. And obviously, that sticks and there's upside in Q4, which we flow through into the Q4 guidance on EPS. On the EBITDA side, we beat the top end of our guidance by about $0.06 in the quarter. Probably about half of that was spending that we expected to happen in Q3 that got pushed into Q4. And so, as we think about rolling into Q4 and also marking for foreign exchange rates and things of that nature, when you look at the full-year guidance, the Q4 guidance and then apply it to the first three quarters of actuals ex-divested operations, the way to think about it is we tightened the ranges on revenue, midpoint is a little bit higher than the initial guidance. We tightened the range on EBITDA, midpoint is essentially exactly the same as where we started out. And we tightened the range on EPS, but the midpoint moved up about $0.20 per share. All of that baked into the below-the-line benefits we talked about. In terms of the divested operations that come out in Q4, it's around $8 million to $10 million worth of EBITDA that we will not have now that those two businesses are no longer a part of Gartner.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. Jeff, I'll start off and then Gene will wrap up on the question. I think a few things to consider. So number one, the decline in new business was actually better than what we saw in Q2. So, we actually saw an acceleration of performance from Q2 to Q3 on the new business side. The other thing worth mentioning, while there were enterprise licenses, the account executives who covered those businesses still did sell a decent amount of new business. The bulk of the new business was sold by business developers, but the account executives did sell some new business, incremental leadership councils or incremental smaller functional areas within the functions that they were selling to. And they're now making the transition to renewing those leadership councils, attempting to migrate those accounts, if they want to, into seat-based products and learning all those new seat-based products. And so, that is taking some time, as we expected, given all the change that we've implemented with that team. The other thing worth mentioning in terms of the incremental capacity and we talked about this last quarter is we have such a high proportion of our sellers who are in their first year. They have less than one year of experience. And as you know, from your experience with Gartner, the productivity in that first year is generally very low or relatively low, and we see it improve over time. And so, again, the way we think about this is we're doing all the right things. We know the formula to apply and we're essentially really laying the foundation for accelerated growth in 2019, 2020 and beyond.
Craig W. Safian: Good morning, Manav. The way we think about it is, obviously, we've laid out the target, and we remain as committed to that target as we've been. And hopefully, you've got a sense for the confidence that Gene expressed in our ability to nail that target by the end of 2019. Our expectation is we will see or should see progress over the course of 2019. We're not going to commit to a certain percentage rate by quarter. The baseline is not a huge number. So, it is sensitive to a little bit upside or a little bit of downside. But we remain 100% committed to being able to hit that double-digit CV growth target by the end of next year.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah. Good morning, Gary. The way to think about – we're at about 20% year-over-year head count in GBS frontline sellers as of the end of Q3. We'll be in that neighborhood at the end of 2018. And as Gene mentioned, one of the things that we've observed and learned and executed over the last decade or so that when we have more sellers, we actually sell more. And so, we'll be entering 2019 with the largest army we've ever had from a GBS perspective out there. We'll have more people or a higher percentage of people who have more than one year of experience, which will obviously be a help as we roll into 2019 as well. And you can back into or extrapolate the productivity required, based on where you think we're going to enter the year next year in terms of opening sales head count that would achieve that 10% target that we've laid out. It is more than we are delivering today from a productivity perspective, but it is a fraction of what GTS is currently delivering from a productivity perspective. And as we've said in the past, there's no reason why GBS productivity shouldn't mirror GTS productivity over the long term. And so, it's a combination of, to Gene's point, we're not in this game just to hit 10% at the end of next year and 12% at the end of 2020. We believe that market opportunity is vast and enormous and untapped. And so, we're actually driving head count growth or adding head count capacity to go after that big market opportunity and accelerate our growth into the future.
Craig W. Safian: So, there's a few things going on, you're right. It has been noisy from a divestiture perspective. And from a plan perspective, we've now executed on the four major divestitures that we set out to, which were businesses or assets that came over as a part of the CEB acquisition. And that's why we – in the supplemental document you'll find on our website, we've gone to great efforts to provide our investors with the – excluding divested operations, view, so you can see what the P&L really looks like down to adjusted EPS as if these businesses were never a part of Gartner. And so, we're getting into much more of a, what I'd call, normal operating environment from that perspective. I think, Gary, with our businesses, there are different degrees of predictability associated with them. Obviously, the subscription research business is a great business and is highly, highly, highly predictable. Some of our other businesses have a little bit more variability around them. And on top of that, we haven't exactly been in a 100% stable foreign exchange environment either, which can cause numbers to go up or go down compared to what the guidance was even three months prior. So I think you're right, your assertion is right that with a lot of noise behind us, we're now in a, I won't call it completely normal, but a more normal operating environment and the predictability of our businesses remains the same in terms of subscription-based revenue, really predictable and some of the other businesses have a little bit more variability, and we'd expect that going forward.
Craig W. Safian: And again, when you see the growth because of the foundation of the business, it's not nearly as leveraged as our Research business, but obviously a lot of the costs at an event or conference are fixed to some extent. So when we have more exhibitors and more attendees, it flows through very nicely.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah, Bill, we don't guide on the CV or CV growth. Essentially – the revenue in there is essentially an extrapolation of the Q3 ending contract value, and that just kind of runs out in the quarter. But we have historically not guided on contract value growth.
Craig W. Safian: Hey. Good morning, George. So, in Q2, new business was down about 20% compared to the prior year. So as I mentioned on a previous question, we actually saw a nice improvement from Q2 to Q3, which is great. I think that, obviously, there's two simple levers that will allow us to get to that or three simple levers, I should say, that allow us to get to that double-digit contract value growth target for 2019. Number one is continuing to work on and improve retention rates. And as we talked about earlier, we've seen nice progress on the GBS retention rates. However, you will note that there's still a pretty big gap between wallet retention of GBS and wallet retention of GTS, which we are intent on closing over time. So that's number one. Number two, we're going to have significantly more capacity from a selling perspective. And obviously, that will equate into more sales for us. And that will help on that path to double-digit growth. And then, lastly, is really that new business number. And again, you look at what we're doing in GTS and you can kind of use that as a guide in terms of what kinds of new business growth is required to support double-digit and mid-teen CV growth. And so, I think we would expect to see new business growth growing at double-digit rates as well to support double-digit contract value growth from a sustainable perspective into the future.
Craig W. Safian: Yeah, I think we have tremendous opportunity across all the functional areas we serve. And as we accelerate the growth in the GBS business, our expectation is all the functional areas that we serve will be healthy contributors to that acceleration in the growth rate.
