Eugene A. Hall: Yes. Hey, Jeff, it's Gene. I wouldn't say it's pockets of weakness. I'd put it more in the category of noise. We had one country that I'll give you an example of that drove it. One of our countries was growing in the mid-30% year-over-year CV growth and it slowed to 20%. Another one – another region, larger than – both of these are large for us, was growing 40% and it slowed to 23%. And again I took those more as noise as opposed to there's some dramatic slowing.
Eugene A. Hall: Yes. I mean basically, Mark, we're committed to continually improving our recruiting, continually improving our training, giving our sales force new tools, as we've talked about. And we think over time those things will enhance sales productivity, which is why we're doing it. And so we're on a strong drive to improve our sales productivity over time. So instead of headwinds, I think the opposite, which is that because of the changes we're making, we expect that sales productivity will improve over time.
Eugene A. Hall: Hey, Manav. So as you know, we've traditionally targeted companies that had at least $10 million in IT spending, and there's, we've estimated, 110,000 of those companies. There are tens of millions of smaller businesses. And these three businesses, two of which we acquired this quarter, in addition to Software Advice, those three businesses provide the same kind of services that we provide to larger companies to these tens of millions of smaller companies. And the reason we did these acquisitions obviously wasn't for this quarter or even next year. But we think over the next five years that this will be a great growth business for us. And it fits very well with what we do as a business, which is we've always, our specialty is advising clients on what products and services to buy and how to get the most out of their technology investments. I don't know if, Craig, you wanted to step in.
Eugene A. Hall: Hey. It's Gene. No, actually basically as clients are planning their 2016 budgets, they've been focused on the same issues. They've been focused on what we're calling bimodal IT, which is building up things for the digital economy at the same time keeping their existing business running. They're worried about cybersecurity and having to deal with cybersecurity. So those are the kinds of things that they're focused on, and it hasn't changed through the year.
Eugene A. Hall: So the small companies have the same kind of problems with IT that big companies do. And these companies that we're targeting actually in general do not have an IT department. Things like think about a small funeral home or an electrician. An electrician has four or five electricians that work for them, or someone like that. There are huge opportunities for them to use IT in their business. And the changes in technology have made it so that there are more and more opportunities every day. Things like Amazon Web Services and all of the software tools that are available now, particularly open-source tools. So there's an explosion of innovation in software, particularly hosted software that applies to these small businesses. These small businesses, they're not experts in IT and they need help figuring out what's best for their particular business in their particular situation. And so the receptivity to – and that's what these three businesses we've bought do. And the clients love them because they need the help to figure out these tough IT decisions just like large companies, except they don't have an IT department.
Eugene A. Hall: Hey, it's Gene. So our Events business has been seeing enormous opportunity that we have in all of our Research business. Basically we have opportunities on two dimensions of our Events business. The first is to grow -the existing Events portfolio we have has lots of room for growth. We don't see any of the event types that we have today having any growth restrictions. In addition to that, there will be new events we can add as well. For example, over time I expect we are going to add more Symposium events around the world. And so we've got both growth from our existing events which we think is unconstrained for the foreseeable future, and then adding whole new events, particularly in geographies where we don't have all of the events today.
Eugene A. Hall: So as I mentioned before, in every geography and every industry, we've had double digit growth again. And so even when the economic situation is tough, people have IT problems; IT is often one of the solutions to those problems. And we're the best source to go to. And so, we see robust growth in every geography and every industry around the world.
Eugene A. Hall: So, there's another factor going on, Gary, which is that we're shifting the mix to sell to more senior people. And so if you look at like the event you went to, the proportion of people that are CIOs there has been growing at a very high rate. And that's purposeful. That's by design. Symposium is targeted at CIOs and that level of leaders. And so we're increasing the mix of senior people. And as we target more senior people, the pricing is higher as well. We changed the event to be targeted at senior people. We invite more of them, and the pricing goes along with it. And so, it's not just the exhibitor piece. There's actually a mix shift going on where we've been targeting more senior people who, frankly, it's part of a broader strategy which they have decision-making – more decision-making authority in their organizations. And so they come to our event to understand Gartner. It's good for our entire business.
Eugene A. Hall: So, Henry, the businesses that we just acquired and Software Advice, we wouldn't include in that group. And so we handle those separately because they handle it in a different way. And so the sales force increase is, that we talked about, is in our traditional business where we're targeting those 110,000 companies. And within that, there are large, medium and smaller businesses but they're all above the size of the acquisitions. And directionally it's kind of the same split. We have – we're still investing in large companies. We're still investing in small companies and medium-sized companies in that original 110,000 base.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, I thank all of you for joining us today. To summarize the key points of today's call, we are doing great as a company and our underlying metrics are strong. We continue to invest to improve recruiting capability, training tools that drive sales productivity over time. We once again delivered double digit growth in every region across every client size and in every industry segment. We remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through investment in our business, strategic acquisitions, and share repurchases. And we're getting better, stronger, faster all the time. I expect to see robust growth for years to come. We look forward to updating you again on our next quarterly earnings call. Thanks for joining us today.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Jeff. It's Craig. So in the quarter, it was predominantly contract optimization. That said, we were a little bit below our forecast on labor-based. And essentially, our strategy around adding managing partners is to drive deep long-lasting large consulting relationships with our clients. In the third quarter, we actually had two very large programs come to an end. And normally we're able to reassign all those consultants that are working those long dense engagements. We had a little bit of a disruption here which impacted the labor-based revenue in the third quarter. That said, rolling forward, we had a really strong bookings quarter, and our backlog looks very strong for the labor-based business as well. So broadly speaking, contract optimization was the primary culprit. A little bit of softness on labor-based, but labor-based was more of a timing thing, and we feel good looking forward.
Craig W. Safian: Sure, Tim. Good morning. On the first part of the question, the way that we look at it and the way to kind of think about it and model it through, we've seen a nice year-over-year improvements in productivity consistently for the last few quarters. That said, we're still growing head count at a faster rate than the productivity is turning into contract value growth. The reason we're doing that is because of that $58 billion market opportunity that we're going after. And so we're continuing to add head count to go after that market opportunity. That said, when we bring on lots of new people and more people in their first year, et cetera, and we've had discussions around first-year productivity is significantly lower than second year productivity, which is lower than what it looks like once they're fully tenured, that's essentially what's causing that drag, if you will, on the margins. That said, if you look at our guidance, again the midpoint may be 10 basis points down. The message from us is the guidance outlook calls for roughly flat margins. Maybe 10 basis points down, maybe flat, maybe 10 basis points up depending on how the quarter transpires from a reporting perspective, which has been consistent with what we've delivered over the last three years to four years.
Craig W. Safian: Yes. It's a great question. So as you'll recall, the first two quarters were really impacted by the grow-over related to our contract optimization business, which because of the size of the grow-over, actually caused a fairly big drag on the margins in the first half of the year and subsequently on the year-to-date numbers for the third quarter as well. In the fourth quarter we don't have that grow-over problem, and we typically have a very strong Events quarter, really strong contract value growth quarter, et cetera. That's why we're confident with the levels of growth required and the margin expansion required for the fourth quarter.
Craig W. Safian: So, it'll have a less than 2 point impact on the fourth quarter total revenue. So again, these are small acquisitions. And even less impact on EBITDA margins. Again, when we baked in the guidance, we baked it into the guidance. It's baked in there. It was offset by the stronger dollar, both on the revenue lines and on the EBITDA lines. But the way to think about it is less than 2% impact on total revenue in the fourth quarter.
Craig W. Safian: So hey, Mark. On the productivity trend, again, down a little bit sequentially, but up nicely, up 5% on a year-over-year basis. And again, we look at it both ways. We actually think that year over year is a good way to look at it because it does take out some of the noise of movement and head count growth from quarter to quarter. So we're pleased with continued and consistent year-over-year improvements in sales productivity the way we measure it. In terms of the grow-overs and the tailwind or headwind or however you want to describe it, the way to think about it is as we tick up or tick down, and again, we're within 2 points. So we're talking about 14% growth and 16% growth on a 2,000-person basis. You're talking about the difference of roughly 40 people one way or the other. So it's not a huge swing, even though it looks that way from a percentage basis. But as we tick up, we do have a slightly richer mix of new hires, which are inherently less productive. And so we're delivering 5% year-over-year productivity growth while having a richer mix of first-year AEs. And again the way it works with us is the first-year AEs, it really is an investment because they are lower productivity. But then as they rise in tenure, they really start to drive significant growth and as it rolls through the system. So that's the way we think about the productivity and the growth. The second question was around future headwinds. I don't know, Gene, if you want to tackle that one. I mean...
Craig W. Safian: So the way to look at that one, Mark, is more than half of the decline is actually foreign exchange. We do have a very healthy business, particularly over in Europe with our Consulting. And so with the euro and the pound doing what it's done, that's obviously having the most significant impact. Beyond that, there are really two primary factors. One is a slight downtick in utilization. We were at 63% on the quarter, down about 2 points from last year. That obviously impacts the annualized revenue per billable. And again, that's more related to what I described earlier around some of those larger projects coming to an end and us not getting those consultants reassigned on new projects right away, which they are now. The second biggest factor, which has actually been a strategic focus for us as well, is while we're accelerating the growth of our managing partners, the top of the pyramid, we've actually been very aggressive about filling in the bottom of the pyramid as well, so the more junior level consultants that are actually on the ground delivering the hunk of the value. If you look at roughly 60% of the decline from foreign exchange, another 20% from the lower utilization rate, the balance is actually from a shift in mix. So we've got significantly more lower-level consultants, who we actually make great margins on out there billing, which drags down the bill rate a little bit, but it's actually very healthy for margins.
Craig W. Safian: And, Manav, just on the accounting side of it, we had the same accounting treatment related to the Software Advice deal where there were what we'll call hold-backs for the management team that they have to earn by being onboard and contributing to the business over a couple-year period. When we structured the deals, they are akin to consideration. However, from a GAAP accounting perspective, we treat them as operating expense. And because it is really in our mind more or like consideration for the acquisition, that's why we normalize it out from an expense perspective on a go-forward basis.
Craig W. Safian: Yes, the overseas cash balance obviously cannot be utilized for every business initiative or shareholder enhancing initiative we want to undertake. That said, with the Nubera acquisition as an example, we were actually able to use that foreign cash to do the acquisition. On a go-forward basis, the combination of that cash overseas, the great free cash flow generation we have both here and overseas, plus the $646 million available on our current revolver, and on top of that we actually have a $500 million expansion feature in our credit facility. We feel like the combination of those three or four things allow us to be well-positioned to pursue whatever shareholder enhancing initiatives we want to.
Craig W. Safian: Hey, Gary. No. It's actually something that we do provide generally each quarter. It's not the bookings number. It's actually exclusive of the renewal activity. So it's essentially the growth bookings that we have each quarter, and again, can vary from quarter to quarter a little bit in terms of how much we're actually renewing and how much we're actually selling in terms of growth. As you'd imagine, Q4, it tends to be by far our largest growth quarter. And we feel good where we are from a new business perspective, both for the quarter and on a year-to-date basis.
Craig W. Safian: Well, no. The 8% is actually it's a year-over-year growth measure. So it's not a proportion of the current year bookings. It's the year-over-year growth.
Craig W. Safian: Yes. So, Gary, we haven't got into real great detail there. What I'll tell you is euro and pound are by far the two largest exposures we have globally. But that said, we've got a great business in Canada, a great business in Australia and a great business in Brazil that have been growing consistently and rapidly over the last several years. And so while they're not nearly as big as the euro or pound, they are in that top five or six currency exposures for us. So they do have an impact, as you mentioned. I mean the euro and the pound, and maybe this is a little bit of a hopeful comment, have mostly stabilized for the most part. I mean the euro is still down 3%-ish from when we gave our initial guidance. But the Brazilian real is down 50% since we gave our initial guidance. So the good news is the two larger currencies have mostly stabilized. But these other currencies are big enough businesses for us that they do move the needle a little bit. We'll continue to focus in on how we're doing from an FX-neutral perspective, and provide all the transparency possible so that you can see what's actually happening underneath the covers. But you're right on the euro and pound perspective. It should look a little bit better on a reported basis rolling forward.
Craig W. Safian: On a reported basis, that is true. On an FX-neutral basis, we'd expect to continue the way we've been going.
Craig W. Safian: So, Henry, the way we think about it and again the contract value growth feeds the revenue growth. And so with our sales productivity gains, we're in that 14% to 15% revenue growth range. If you recall, go back several quarters, we had lower productivity and we were delivering 12%, 13% contract value growth. The gains we had last year and into this year have allowed us to be delivering 15% – 14% to 15% CV growth and 14% to 15% Research revenue growth. On a go-forward basis, as we stated, we are very focused on continuing to improve productivity and continuing to grow the sales force. The combination of those two things will convert into higher levels of contract value growth and then subsequently higher levels of Research revenue growth.
Craig W. Safian: No, the historical lag, if you will, between contract value conversion to revenue conversion is consistent with what we've always seen.
