Gene Hall: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Gartner drove another strong performance in Q3. We delivered high signal digit growth in contract value, revenue, EBITDA, and adjusted EPS came in above expectations. Free cash flow in the quarter was excellent. The external environment remains volatile and uncertain. The tech sector is still adjusting to post pandemic demand. The banking industry continues to grapple with rising interest rates. Supply chain challenges are still impacting many industries. There's heightened geopolitical volatility and more. Leaders know they need help and they know Gartner is the best source for that help.  Gartner delivers actionable objective insight that smarter decisions and stronger performance on our client's mission critical priorities. Whether they're thriving, struggling, or anywhere in between. Our insights, tools and advice often mean the difference between success and failure for leaders and the enterprises they serve. We continue to be agile and adapt to the changing environment. Research continues to be our largest and most profitable segment. We guide leaders across all major enterprise functions in every industry around the world. Our market opportunity is vast, across all sectors, sizes and geographies.  We estimate our opportunity at around $200 billion. In the third quarter, we continue to help clients with a wide range of topics such as cybersecurity, data analytics, artificial intelligence, remote work, cost optimization, and more. In the third quarter, research revenue grew 5%. Subscription revenue grew 8% on an organic basis, 20 contract value growth was 8%. Contract value for enterprise function leaders continue to grow at double digit rates.  We serve executives and their teams through distinct sales channels, global technology sales, or GTS source leaders and their teams within IT. GTS also source leaders at technology vendors, including CEOs, Chief Marketing Officers, and Senior Product Leaders. GTS contract valued grew 7%. GTS sales to enterprise function leaders performed well in the quarter. GTS sales to leaders at technology vendors were affected by technology sector dynamics and tough year over year comparisons.  We expect sales to technology vendors will return to normal growth rates over the next 12 months to 18 months. Global business sales or GBS serve leaders in their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS contract value grew 14%. Through a relentless execution of proven practices, we're able to deliver unparalleled value to our clients. Our business remains resilient despite a persistent, complicated external environment and tough compares for the technology vendor market.  Gartner conferences deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to an engaged and qualified audience. This will be the first full year of in-person conferences since 2019. We're having a great year. In-person attendance and advanced bookings are at record levels. The fourth quarter is off to a great start and our outlook for the year remains strong.  IT Symposium Expo is our flagship conference series. I recently attended this conference in Orlando. Attendance was strong. Our sales teams were highly engaged with clients and prospects, and feedback from the conference continues to be excellent. Gartner consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper extended project-based work.  Consulting is an important complement to our IT research business. Consulting revenue grew 23% in the third quarter with record results and contract optimization. Given the strong performances across our business, we've increased our 2023 guidance for revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow. Greg will take you through the details.  We're well positioned to have strong close to the year and get off to a fast start in 2024. In closing, Gartner achieved another strong quarter of growth. We deliver unparalleled value to enterprise leaders and their teams across every major function, whether they're thriving, struggling, or anywhere in between. We're essentially agile and continuously adapt to the changing world. We know the right things to do to be successful in any environment. Looking ahead, we are well-positioned to continue our strong record of success far into the future.  Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long-term, sustained, double-digit revenue growth. We would fit margins will expand modestly over time, and we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. Even as we invest for future growth, we will return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders. This reduces shares outstanding and increases returns overtime. With that, I will hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian.
Gene Hall: It is Gene. So, as we look at our market opportunities, our market opportunity is very fast. Overtime, we intend to grow our salesforce inline with capturing that market opportunity. Over the last couple of years, we have grown our sales force dramatically. And we feel like we're in a really good position as we go into the end of ‘23 and the ‘24 for the capacity we have. Again, over time we'll continue to grow that capacity. 
Gene Hall: Yes. Over time, Heather, we think that the tech vendor market will return to the kind of growth we've seen historically. Again, as we -- our perspective on it is a lot of the business they had was pulled forward, their own sales as a result they kind of overhired and have been having some retrenchment, which has in impacted our business. We think -- again, that the tech business is going to grow over time. Their revenues will grow and our business will get back to normal growth over time as well. 
Gene Hall: As Craig said, even with the rates we have now, we are never satisfied. And so, we have a whole set of programs designed to improve those retention rates over time. And it includes things like how we use our conferences, the as the tools, the support tools we give to our service delivery associates as well as the training we have when people first come on board, and then the current trains throughout their careers, et cetera. So, we are never satisfied with the matter no matter how good it is, we always want to be better. 
Gene Hall: It's Gene. It says what we are seeing in the marketplace is, clients value our products greatly. We expect pricing, the pricing environment will be the same next year as it is this year.
Gene Hall: Yeah, Jeff. So, you should not read into it in any way that we are seeing any kind of weakening. It is what we talked about earlier, which is that we expanded our salesforce a lot over the last two years. For general GTS, it's up about 18% since the end of 2021, that's a lot of capacity. So, we have added a lot of capacity. On top of that, as Craig mentioned, a lot of those people are now coming into tenure. And so, as we look, especially for '24, we feel like we are really well-situated in terms of actual capacity between the larger number of additions we have made in the last two years and the fact that those people we come up with tenure curve and kind of being at the really, really good spot at the tenure curve during '24. And by the way, the '25 as well.
Gene Hall: Yeah, I guess, Josh, I'd say that we saw a pretty consistent market environment between Q2 and Q3. If we get -- a minute ago, which is that our experts look at what are the most important issues facing executives in each of their functional areas? And we have we give them advice on how to address those things that's done in all kinds of environments, whether it's a really robust environment or not as robust for that individual enterprise. And so, I think we see as just that clients give a lot of value out of our research and it's been true over time. 
Gene Hall: Yeah, the contract optimization business we've talked about in the past is a very lumpy business. And so, you can't really take one quarter and sort of say, and extrapolate is something different in the market, whatever. It's really just a matter of when deals happen to come in and what clients have to be looking for that point in time. And so, the only way you really look at that business is kind of like over a year-long period or something from quarter to quarter. You can't really draw any conclusions. I do think, Josh, one other thing I'd add is that clients like saving money in any operating environment. So, again, I think, it's obviously a really strong value proposition even in a not choppy economic environment. 
Gene Hall: So, I would say for Q3, we didn't see any change in the tech vendor environment, just the same as we have seen in Q2. In terms of the guidance, I will let Craig talk.
Gene Hall: Alright, Jeff, I'll get started. Which is -- as I mentioned earlier, we haven't seen any, it is the time we increased prices. It rolls through obviously as clients renew. And I'd say it's a normal environment. We haven't seen any pushback. 
Gene Hall: So, Jeff, I think the key thing driving the business is that our clients, our enterprise functional leaders have a lot of challenges. And we've done a good job at laying out what those challenges are and how they should address them. As we market our conferences to potential attendees, we focus on here are the issues we face, and here's how we're going to help you with that. You can come to the conference. And so, I think, the biggest single thing that's driving our conference performance is that we're on the issues people care.  Our attendees have a lot of issues and we are on the, our experts have a lot of solutions to those issues that they get a lot of value from. I think that's kind of the biggest thing. In addition to that, obviously, we've been adding conferences back and so we're getting, I think some people that couldn't go to conferences in the past now can go. And so, you sort of see that in terms of comparison points, but it's really how you do more about the value. I think most of all. 
Gene Hall: Well, here's what I'd like you to take away for today's call. Gartner drove another strong performance in Q3. We deliver unparalleled value to enterprise leaders in their teams across every major function with a thriving, struggling, or anywhere in between. We're exceptionally agile and continuously adapt to the changing world, and we know the right things to do to be successful in any environment.  Looking ahead, we're well-positioned to continue our sustained record of success far into the future. Our client value proposition and addressable market opportunity will allow us to drive long-term sustained double-digit growth. We expect margins will expand modestly over time. We generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. Even as we invest for future growth, we'll return significant levels of excess capital, to our shareholders. This reduce the shares outstanding and increases for returns over time. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Craig Safian: And Heather, it’s Craig. The other thing I would add is as our tech business, as the contract value growth accelerated over the last two years, we also increased the number of territories we had serving that market. And so, we did a lot of hiring across all of both GTS and GBS as Gene mentioned, over the last couple years, tech vendor market included. And so, a lot of new people joined the company in 2022 in selling positions, and they are coming up the tenure curve. And so, as we think about our territory coverage, if you will, heading into 2024 and beyond, as well as the maturation of our sales force heading into 2024, we feel like we're in a really good position to return to the kind of target growth, that we want to over the medium term. 
Craig Safian: Good morning, Toni. Thanks for the question. So, the way to think about it, is if you look at all of the net and gross ads we did in 2022, effectively when we entered this year, we had the least tenured or least experienced salesforce that we've ever had. Sort of order of magnitude. We're typically, and Gene and I have both talked about this in the past like in normal times, call it 35% to 40% of our Salesforce is on the new-ish side. We were in the 50% plus range being brand new to Gartner.  As we've made our way through this year. Obviously, all those people we hired in 2022 have gained experience and tenure. We did -- we were very backend-loaded last year in terms of the hiring. And so those people we hired in third quarter and fourth quarter of last year are now approaching or have just crossed over their one-year anniversary. And again, that's sort of getting back to Heather's question.  Gene, around, do we have enough capacity, et cetera, we have enough capacity and the tenuring will look more quote unquote normal as we roll into 2024, but significantly better than what we experienced or more tenured than we experienced over the course of 2023. 
Craig Safian: No. So, on the GTS side, while we're still at or above historical levels, it's really tech vendor drag and it's really small tech vendor drag there. If you actually broke apart our enterprise function leader in GTS, those client retention rates are at or above your historical levels for GTS. And so, it's really just the tech vendor market impacting that client retention rate.  On the GBS side, it's down a little, but it's still 400 basis points or 500 basis points higher than GTS, and so we feel really good about that. That said, we're never done on retention. And so, I'll let Gene talk a little bit about that. 
Craig Safian: Good morning, Seth. great question. So, I think, there's a couple things, going on within your question. So, from an operating expense perspective, we are I guess relatively back to sort of normalized level of expenses, there are obviously always going to be puts and takes, but a relatively normalized level of expenses. I would note, and this is obviously embedded in the guidance, that there's a pretty significant step up in OpEx sequentially from Q3 to Q4 just given our conference schedule our travel related to conferences in the fourth quarter, and other client activity marketing related to conferences and Q1 activity, et cetera. So, it reflects sort of a normal Q3 to Q4 step up, but just make sure you kind of bake that into the OpEx.  I think the only thing just to keep in mind is that obviously, our largest revenue line is our research. And there is a lag between when contract value does start accelerating, and when the revenue flows through. And so, we are just very mindful of watching that, and that can have a pretty significant impact on margins, on both a sequential and year-over-year basis.
Craig Safian: Jeff, I think there is a little bit of FX in there. Obviously, I do think, over the course of Q3, and this is part of the reason why we are able to increase the research guide a little bit too is, NCBI or growth came in earlier in the quarter than we had originally anticipated. And so again, the combination of, it if books in July, we get to take two months of it. If it books at the end of September, it's all in Q4. And so, we got a little bit of that benefit flowing through into Q3. And then, obviously, we are able to raise the full-year guide for the research segment as well because of the beating our expectations for the third quarter in NCBI.
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Andrew. It's Greg. I think the way we're thinking about it again, we'll provide full guidance in February, but as we've mentioned throughout the course of this year, we are constantly recalibrating based on the external situation and how our business is performing. Looking at the headcount, sort of quarter-to-quarter, there can obviously be a little bit of noise in those numbers. And so, as Gene and I both included too, there's really nothing to see there. And as we roll into next year and beyond the algorithm that we continue to think about is we're going to grow our territories and our headcount in that kind of within four points – four points to five points of contract value growth. And the four points to five points is really dependent on what we're seeing from a wage inflation perspective.  And so, wage of inflation is abating a little bit, will be closer to CV minus four. If wage inflation is higher, it'll be CV minus five or whatever. But that's the algorithm over the long term or medium term, quarter-to-quarter it may shift a little bit just given what's going on. But over the long term, given the huge addressable market opportunity, that's the algorithm we're going to go after. 
Craig Safian: Yes, I mean, I think it is just consistent with the story, and the facts we've been telling for a while, which is business leaders, outside of IT and HR and finance and legal and sales need help on their mission critical priorities. And we have great products that offer tremendous value in that space. That's really the headline there. We've gotten better at the insights we create. We've gotten better with our selling motions. We've gotten better in everything we do. But the net of it is -- is that business leaders have problems and we have great products to help them solve those problems. And again, we believe that that won't change moving forward. 
Craig Safian: Yes. Good morning, Manav. I think it is -- I would characterize it as roughly normal. I do think that as we pivot into next year we are likely to get back to a little bit faster headcount and territory growth. And so, we need to model that in. But that's probably the biggest lever on that operating expense base. Other than the timing of conferences and things like that. It is just -- as Jean mentioned earlier, we grew a lot, particularly in 2022. And so, this year we have been, we are sort of operationalizing maturing, and digesting a lot of that growth.  And so there has not been a huge amount of net headcount growth baked into the 2023 numbers. There is some, but not, as much as we have had historically. I think we get back to a more normal level of that next year. So that would have to be modeled in our normal wage inflation and merit increase, and things like that. But the other stuff is generally normal course.
Craig Safian: Correct. And, I mean, I think you are referring to the headcount numbers. And so, I mean, GBS headcount was up 10% year-over-year. GTS up 4.5%. Again, we are constantly, as we have talked about, you are probably tired of hearing me say recalibrating those numbers around a variety of different scenarios for the end of the year. Obviously, there is only another two months left in the year. But we expect to end the year, sort of aligned from an account perspective and CV perspective. So that we roll into next year with the right size salesforce. And then we will continue to grow that salesforce moving forward to go after that huge market opportunity.
Craig Safian: Okay. Great. Sorry about that. So, on the new business side, I think it is a combination of a little bit easier comps, and the maturation of the sales force, coming up tenure curve.
Craig Safian: I mean, I think it's stabilization, George. So, we haven't yet seen signs that market has shifted yet. We do believe, again, over the medium-term or the next year, year-and-a-half that, we will get back to more normal growth trends there, but, I would say, what we saw in Q3 and what's embedded in the guidance. And again, I mean, the reality just also remember that, contract value or growth we sell in Q4 really has almost a de minimis impact on the full-year research revenue numbers from a subscription revenue perspective. And so, stabilization baked in there and similarly on the non-sub line we have not assumed any crazy rebound, sort of what we're seeing is stabilization, and that's what we've modeled into the guidance. 
Craig Safian: Sure. Happy to. So, I think, the view is really not changed from prior quarters and prior discussions. So, what I'd say is, our view on our margin profile today is that the base or foundational margins are in the low 20s. Obviously, that is significantly higher than they were before the pandemic and before the CEB acquisition. In addition to that, as always, we believe there is operating leverage in the business and that our margins will go higher over time. We'll give guidance in February as we always do. We talked about on some of the other OpEx questions, this year's operating expense as a reasonable starting point to think about the margins and the overall P&L for next year.  But just obviously keep in mind that there are other things beyond just the OpEx level and the level of investment we put into the business next year that will impact. The margins most notably where we end this year from a contract value perspective, because as we've talked about, there is a lag in terms of the revenue and the CV relationship, both when CV decelerating, but also when CV begins to accelerate as well. So, it does take a quarter or two for a lag for the sub-revenue to kind of catch up with the CV. And so again, just be mindful of that as you think about 2024 as well. We'll provide all those details in February when we come out with our initial guidance for 2024. 
Craig Safian: Yes, I mean, Jeff, so the major price increase for us goes in went into place two days ago on November 1st. So, we're obviously very, very, very early in that cycle. But again, if you think about it, the average client is spending order of magnitude $250,000 or $260,000 a year with us. So, the difference between 4% and 5% is not a lot of money in the grand scheme of things. And again, we're very focused on making sure that we're delivering value well in excess of that $250,000 or $260,000. So, we're generally able to sell the price increase, again, sort of as a normal course of business for us. 
