Craig Safian: Hey, good morning Tim. Thanks for the question. So on the Research revenue, as you point out, a hunk of the reduction relates to non-subscription revenue. There's a couple of factors going on there. They're buried within the disclosure and the year-over-year growth rate you're seeing. So as you know, we retired a bunch of products at the end of 2018, and we're dealing with the impact of that in 2019. That was contemplated in the original guidance. On top of that, there were a number of non-subscription products tied to GBS that were not retired, but did not get the sales focus in the first half of the year as we've been driving real focus on GxL and subscription products. And so the revenue on those fell off faster than we had anticipated, and we're baking that continued fall-off into the balance of the year, and that is obviously impacting the growth rate and the guidance a little bit, but more pronounced the outlook for the rest of the year. On top of that, there are some additional non-subscriptions revenues, which, as you point out, continue to perform very strongly, but have come down modestly from more elevated levels of performance in previous quarters.
Craig Safian: Yeah. Hey, Tim, it's a good point, and you're right. Again, about half of the reduction relates to subscription, half to non-subscription. So, about 1% is a more accurate way to think about it. I think a couple of things. So one is that with GTS it's still performing really, really well, 13.5% growth is very strong. And again, it's up from where we were in 2017, and early parts of 2018. It had been humming along at north of 14%, and obviously, that modest slowdown we saw in the second quarter has a flow-through impact, and it's not just the quarterly impact and flowing that through we've also modulated the expectations for Q3 and Q4, and that had a modest impact on the outlook as well. And so it's really the – essentially, and Gene described it, which was our outlook was for stronger total combined CV growth through the first half of the year. We're off that modestly and that's causing that roughly 1% impact on the subscription revenue for 2019.
Craig Safian: Yeah. Jeff, I think, good morning, it's Craig, I think that's the right way to think about it. So for a portion of the revenue reduction, it would have flowed through at very high margins. So basically, cost-based fixed and when the revenue's there, it flows through very high margins. Conversely, when the revenue's not there, the hurt is large flow-through margins as well. On some of the revenue, we were able to, or are able to modulate the costs, but for the most part, they are – it is a fixed cost base. And so your assertion on the large decremental revenue is appropriate. In terms of the cost, I think you're right also. Most notably, it is the reduction in open territories in GBS, but also a little bit in GTS and in our conference sales, but most notably in GBS that is flowing through to the balance of the year. I think the other thing worth noting is some of this – some of the increased spending was baked into our Q2 outlook. At that point, when we gave our guidance, we – our view was we would make it up in other areas and then obviously, as Gene mentioned, with a modest downtick in our revenue expectation and this modest uptick in the cost. It caused us to recalibrate the outlook coming out of the second quarter.
Craig Safian: Yeah, good morning, Manav, it's Craig. So I think the way to think about it is – you're roughly right. And so yeah, as I mentioned just before with Jeff, there's some portion of the revenue downside where it's not 100% flow through. We're actually able to eliminate or reduce certain cost, but most of it is flowing through. And then the increased spending, again, most notably around faster growth or lower proportion of open territories in GBS. So, I think that is the right way to think about it.
Craig Safian: Yes. I think the way to think about it is, in GTS, where we've traditionally made that comment, it's every client size, every major region and virtually every industry grew at double-digit rates. The comment in the Q, I believe relates to the combined GTS and GBS. And so that's going to be a little more mixed just because we are combining a 13.5% grower with a 1% grower. But on the GTS side, the way we look at the measures, it's been very consistent where we've had that same level of almost universal double-digit growth across every vector that you could look at.
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Toni, it's Craig. So, I think we're not going to give long-term guidance on our margin expectation. I think Gene, in his remarks, outlined the way that we're all thinking about 2020 right now, which is we'll grow revenue at double-digit rates, continue our trend of strength in revenue, and we'd expect EBITDA to grow approximately roughly in line with revenue next year. We've obviously made a lot of investments in the business, again across GTS, GBS and Conferences. And as we talked about, we really feel good about the returns we're getting in GTS and on the Conferences side, and we fully expect to start realizing those returns in GBS in 2020.
Craig Safian: Hey good morning Gary. It's Craig. So the way to think about it is you're probably a little high on your expense impact. It's probably a little bit lower, I think roughly in the $30-ish million range. I think part of this is -- it's not all second half spending. The spending may have started in late Q1, certainly in Q2. And so annual -- you can't just double it to annualize it. Some of it is already baked into our run rate for 2019. As Gene mentioned, with one example where in one of our sales units, we reduced the level of open territories from 6% to 2%. And so think about it as almost a 4% increase in the number of heads on board, and there's the frontline cost of those individuals. And then if we add that many more people, we might need more managers, we might have needed more recruiters to actually get them and see, et cetera. And so the move of reducing open territories, which we firmly, firmly, firmly believe absolutely, pays off in the future, does have a cost in the upfront. And I think that is not the only thing that's impacting that cost line or the reduction in our EBITDA, but that is the most notable thing within that reduction, and so again just think about what the size of our sales force is, GBS is at 919 people, GTS is over 3,200 people. Modest changes against our assumptions in terms of percent of open territories can have a pretty sizable impact from a short-term P&L perspective. But again, we firmly believe, long-term, it pays off.
Craig Safian: Hey, good morning, Bill. So -- there's really no change in the way to think about the productivity. The way we measure it is opening period headcount. And so again, to drive the roughly 10% growth on a $600 million, just below $600 million base, we have to drive the same level of NCVI and our opening number of headcount hasn't changed. So essentially, it's the same mass. You're right in your calcs for Q1 and Q2. And again, we believe through a combination of improved retention rates and what we've seen in both Q1 and Q2 is very favorable. I think we said in Q1 for the contracts that came up for renewal, we were up close to 200 basis points in terms of the pure retention on those transactions. Same measure in Q2. We were up 270 basis points. You will note that Q2 new business for GBS in total was up 16% year-over-year, that's coming off several quarters of a decline in new business on a year-over-year basis. And so again, if you kind of model forward, improve -- the continued improvements to retention and continued ramping of our new business, again, as the sales force seasons, as they get more comfortable selling GxL and as we get real momentum on GxL, that's the way we think about the path to still getting to that double-digit growth in GBS by the end of this year.
Craig Safian: Yeah sure. So we, as you know, we did have a modest deceleration in the GTS overall contract value growth rate. And again, 13.5% is still very, very strong and the productivity is still up 2% on a year-over-year basis, but given the modest deceleration in the quarter that's really what caused the modest deceleration in the productivity. And again, we're up -- we have -- it was seventh consecutive quarter of productivity being up on a year-over-year basis but the modest decel impacted the productivity measure or said the other way, the productivity measure impacted the modest decel. You can look at it either way, but that's really what happened in the second quarter.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Jeff and thanks for the question. So again, we're not giving 2020 guidance at this point. Obviously, a lot of it will be determined upon where we land the year. So the bulk of our 2020 economics are determined by the contract value growth or the NCVI we deliver in both GTS and GBS through the second half of the year. I'll be happy to go into immense and infinite detail around our EBITDA growth assumptions when we give the 2020 outlook, and we'll certainly provide all of the visibility and transparency in terms of being able to walk and reconcile the points you make. We're just not in a position right now where we're talking about the 2020 guidance or the margin outlook moving forward.
Craig Safian: So roughly speaking, Jeff, I think it was about a $38 million benefit recorded on the income tax line.
Craig Safian: Joe, I think it's -- we've always had confidence in the quality of the product. It really is a very strong, high-value proposition at a relatively low cost product, very consistent with our IT products, our supply chain products and our marketing products. And I think what really gives us confidence is two things. So one is the continued ramp of GXL new business. And again, it's one of the reasons why we've consistently been breaking that out for investors, so that investors can see the progress we're making. And again, it can get a little masked in the total numbers, because there's a lot of moving parts, but when you isolate out what's happening with GXL, particularly on the new business side, in the second quarter, we sold $29 million worth of new business and that was across every enterprise function where we've launched the new GXL product. And if I look at the growth on a year-over-year basis across all those enterprise functions, the growth was very strong. As Gene mentioned, overall, GXL new business growth was up 51% year-over-year and in just about every enterprise function, we were close to that average. So very, very strong growth. So the market uptake continues to be strong. And again, our sales teams continue to get more and more repetitions, if you will, of selling the product and they're just getting better and better and better at it. You couple that with the improvements we've seen in retention and that comment is both on the GXL retention and also on legacy product retention. And again, we've seen very strong -- things that have come up for renewal in the first half of the year, a very strong improvement in our retention rates. And again, if you flow that through, which we believe should flow through for the balance of the year, and you continue to ramp up on the GXL, again, given we're not selling onesie, twosies of these things, we're selling millions and millions or tens of millions of dollars of these each and every quarter, that's really what we're seeing underneath the covers. And again, we're trying to make that as transparent as possible as well.
Craig Safian: Yes, and George, good morning. Just to continue the thought and to answer the second part of your question. So it's not a change in our territory growth assumptions is, we were just more efficient and more effective at filling open territories, and we had that many -- that 14% more heads on board compared to where we were last quarter. And yes, it's modestly a point or two above what we had guided for the full year. For the next few quarters, we expect to run roughly in this range given the low level of open territories and the same level of territory growth. Again, we remain focused on driving increased sales productivity consistently. As we mentioned, we've done it seven quarters in a row of year-over-year productivity improvement, and we will continue to be focused on striking that right balance between headcount growth and productivity improvements. And again, as we accelerate on GBS, I think, we'll employ that same kind of thinking the way we want to get productivity. But we also want to make sure, we add, so that we can still capture that huge market opportunity and drive sustained long-term double-digit growth.
Craig Safian: Yes. Sure, George. So the way to think about it is we've actually, if you look at our three major selling units, so GTS, GBS and then the sales teams that sell the conferences, we've reduced the level of open territories in each of those segments. And again, you could argue in GTS, we're seeing the benefits of that and that return is paying off. In Conferences, we're seeing the benefit. And in GBS, we're starting to see contract value growth accelerate. And as Gene mentioned, we really expect to start seeing the returns from all those investments in 2020 and beyond. The way to think about it just quantitatively is we've planned -- we've historically had roughly 5% open territories in GTS and GBS. And so a two or three-point reduction in open territories can impact the headcount growth by that same 2% or 3%. And so as we've moved through this year in particular, we've been really efficient and effective at filling open territories at a faster rate than we had previously. On the GTS side, it's probably a couple points better. On the GBS side, it's a little more notable in terms of more than a couple of points better. And again, each of those improvements is accreting the growth rate that you're seeing in headcount. And now that we filled those territories, we expect to kind of run at that level -- at least we've baked into our outlook running at that level for the balance of the year.
Gene Hall: Hey, Jeff, it's Gene. So basically, as I mentioned, so – and as Craig mentioned, GTS is a great contributor. 13.5% is very strong growth. It was a little off what we had expected. As I said, there were a number of small factors that individually wouldn't be a big deal, but happened to all here at once and I'll just go through it. So first, we had some management – some leadership changes in GTS. We always have both. We happen to have a greater than usual number. So, for example, we had a leader running Asia for many years, who needed to come back to U.S. for personal reasons. We had – in Germany, we had our two top people that were running Germany got – one got promoted, one go to GBS. We had changes in the – for similar things. So I've just got a – there's a bunch of, in order for this more spread out, it happened for a combination of business and personal reasons to be more concentrated in the first half. So that was one piece of it. Second piece, I mentioned was an expansion of our Dallas and Barcelona offices. We – as we – as a company, we grow. We need to have different talent pools. We – our European headquarters has traditionally been in the London area. Through a combination of Brexit and other talent markets, we've opened a major office in Barcelona, and again, moved a bunch of people, leaders and – into Barcelona, which was disruptive. The similar thing happened between Florida and Texas. This year, we expanded our Dallas office. Again, these were planned quite a bit of an advance and just happened here at the same time. And then I also mentioned, we changed our approach to selling to various small tech companies. There is a lot of innovations. Small tech companies are great market for us, and we organized slightly to make it more effective in selling to that market. Each of those things normally wouldn't have – the rolls falls back, but then you like – there are others, but these are kind of the biggest ones. Each of them were small, but collectively results in that very minor change in our growth rate and subscription revenue. And it's all GTS basically.
Gene Hall: We don't see it. So if you look at our business, so our Research – GTS grew 13.5%, GBS accelerated and then -- I mean, I'm sorry, Conferences business had a very strong quarter, one of the strongest quarters we've ever had. Our Consulting business had a very strong quarter. So across the business, we had really a lot of strength. Now again, at any point in time, we have some companies that are doing really well. We have some of our clients that – among the 15,000 enterprise clients, some that are not doing so well. It's just our Consulting business. There's clearly an uptick and interest in cost optimization. But again, all of our businesses had very strong performance.
Gene Hall: Hey Toni, it's Gene. So, we are expecting double-digit growth in the GBS by the end of this year, which will reflect that. We obviously know what our results were for the first half. We have our bottoms-up forecast for Q3 and we've looked at what we think new business and retention's likely will be in Q4. And that's what we're basing our expectation that we will still get to double-digit growth by the end of 2019. So, it's based on, like I said, the results for the first half, our positive forecast for Q3 and then our expectations on what would happen in Q4. So that's the impact question. In terms of sales process, the way that we've been handling GBS is, let's make sure we get the right product line, which has got GXL in, let's make sure we get the right capacity, which we've got the sales capacity, let's make sure we've got the right selling -- direct selling recruiting, training, tools, and processes in place and the right retention programs. All those things now are in place and we've modeled them as we talked in the past of what we've done very successfully for many years for GTS. And so while we're -- while we may make some tweaks as we learn in terms of the processes, we really feel like we've got all of the pieces in place and that's why you're seeing the kind of really strong acceleration. And as Craig talked about, we had $29 million of new business in Q2. That was up 51% in Q1 for GxL. These products are really selling very, very well. And so we feel kind of that we're on a really good track there.
Gene Hall: So Gary, it's Gene. So first, if you look at our performance, again GTS is growing really well. We've invested there. We've gotten great returns on it. Our Conferences business, the reason it has such record growth is because we've invested there, we've got great returns. I talked about in the past in GBS where that -- we've been investing heavy, we know we're investing ahead. We know there's great incredible growth opportunities there. And as I've said before, we think we've reached that inflection point, where we're going to start getting those returns in GBS as we have in GTS and in our Conferences business. So as we -- and we're not deciding to make new investments per se. Again, as Craig said, the biggest factor on the cost side is that we assumed a number -- a percentage of open territories. It was significantly better than last year. We had an improvement last year. And it's across all three of our major sales forces. We're actually overachieving in terms of fewer open territories. That is great for the long-term growth. You can only get better growth if you get better retention with existing clients. And so it's a great thing to do, and we already have those territories. So it's not incremental that we just decided one day to have a whole another investment. So again, just summarizing, we got great returns from GTS reinvestment we've made, great returns on GCS and we feel like we're at the beginning of seeing those returns for GBS as well.
Gene Hall: And Jeff, I'd add that, the reason that I had that in my comments was that, we wanted to communicate that we know we've been investing ahead of CV growth in GBS and that we feel like we've reached a point now where we have the right base -- as I talked about earlier, the right number of sales people, the right products, et cetera, to where we can start getting returns out of that, which is what we're trying to communicate, as opposed to specific guidance where the margins are going to be next year.
Gene Hall: Hey, Joe. It's Gene. The largest single investment is the sales force. And we've added to sales capacity, because that's key to getting long-term sustained growth and we've got that in place. Now that we're doing and seeing -- and again, as the business grows, that will continue to grow. We've also invested in getting the right products in place, the right service delivery teams, the retention gets up and all those things, as Craig mentioned, are working, meaning GXL is selling very well. The retention of the first ones that come for renewal have been very strong. The retention programs are also affecting the legacy products as well, where, as Craig mentioned, our retention is up there as well. And so, the key investments really are in -- basically, the most is in sales, to a lesser degree, in service delivery and in product.
Gene Hall: So, George, I'll answer the first half of the question, which is, the way we think about adding capacity to our sales force is that, we decide a certain number of territories that we want to add each year and the phasing of value in those territories through the year. And then we assume that there's a certain number of opens that we talked about. And so, the story in GTS is the same as we talked about in GBS, which is, we gave you -- the guidance we gave you on the sales force headcount growth was based on a number of territories. As Craig and I mentioned, we actually reduced the number sales territories in GTS as well as in GBS and that's why the sales growth -- the sales force growth is a little higher, because we're not giving you the number of territories, giving you the number of actual people on board.
Gene Hall: So summarizing today's call. For the second quarter of 2019, we continue to deliver strong performances across our business. We again delivered double-digit growth in each of our business segments, Research, Conferences and Consulting. We are well positioned for sustained double-digit growth. We expect continued sustained double-digit growth in GTS, we're at an inflection point in GBS and Conferences and Consulting are on a strong path. Our future at Gartner remains bright. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
