Gene Hall: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Our Q3 results for 2011 continued the growth trend that we’ve delivered through the successful and consistent execution of our long-term strategy. As you’ve heard me say before, the fundamentals for our strategy have been and remain to create extraordinary research insight, to build strong sales capability, to deliver high-value differentiated offerings, to provide world-class service, and to continuously improve our operational effectiveness. This strategy has been successful across our lines of business and across all geographies. In Q3 2011, research contract value continued to demonstrate strong growth. We achieved 15% contract value growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange, and ended the quarter at the highest level ever reported in Gartner’s history. The 15% year-over-year increase in research contract value was driven by both strong Q3 new business as well as strong client and wallet retention. New business was the highest of any Q3 in Gartner’s history, and wallet retention was 100% the second quarter in a row.  Our events business remains strong. In Q3 revenue growth of 12% excluding the impact of foreign exchange was above our long-term target of 5% to 10%. For our events held this quarter, attendees were up 12% and exhibitors were up 14%. We also added two new events and we continue to optimize our events portfolio for maximum value. In consulting, the solid pipeline we told you about on last quarter’s call drove revenue growth of 4% excluding the impact of foreign exchange, a notable improvement from the first half results we reported previously.  The overall momentum in our business has been driven by the success of our initiatives to improve sales force productivity, drive higher client retention, grow share of wallet among existing customers, and penetrate net new opportunities. Information technology continues to grow in importance for virtually every institution in the world. IT and supply chain management remain the best way for companies to improve in any macroeconomic environment.  These areas are and will continue to be complex and continuously evolving. IT and supply chain professionals need expert assistance and insight to help them make the critical business decisions they face virtually every day. Gartner is the best and most cost-effective resource they can turn to for that help, and often makes the difference between success and failure in any economic environment.  I just returned from our largest symposium event in Orlando, Florida. This even had our highest attendance ever with more than 8000 attendees, including more than 2000 CIOs. I had the opportunity to meet with a number of clients, and they were there because IT is central to the key initiatives and strategies in their institutions, and they know that Gartner is the best source for help to ensure these critical initiatives are successful. While at the Orlando symposium I also had the opportunity to interact with many of our sales people and they are as energized and enthusiastic as I’ve ever seen.  I’ve never been more confident or excited about our prospects for continued accelerated growth than I am today. We have a vast, untapped market opportunity for our services which we estimate at over $45 billion for research alone. There are hundreds of thousands of IT and supply chain practitioners who could potentially be Gartner clients but who have never been educated on the value we can provide. The Gartner brand is in a class by itself. Our products and services lead the market and we have a highly compelling business model. Gartner is the strongest company it’s ever been. With that, I’ll turn it over to Chris for additional details on our results and financial outlook.
Gene Hall: Hey, Peter. Our consulting backlog we aim to be in the three- to four-months’ revenue range, and that’s exactly where we are with it now. If you have it less than three months that’s a little tight; if you have it more than four months then what happens is clients get a little anxious because when they commission work they want to go ahead and get started on it. So we’re kind of right in the sweet spot of where we want with that business. If you look at our business we’re seeing really robust growth in research, really robust growth in events because that’s really where we’re focusing, where we focus the majority of our effort. So consulting’s exactly where we want it to be. It doesn’t really reflect the macroeconomic situation at all.
Gene Hall: The selling cycle remains about the same. There’s no measurable change. We’re seeing things looking very solid, very good and no change on that.
Gene Hall: We track our sales productivity as you know very closely, and one of the things that we’re very focused on is sales productivity of our new people. If we look at sales productivity of our new hires over the last period of time, that productivity has been increasing and it’s been because of a focus on it. And so we feel very comfortable accelerating the amount of our new hires because we’ve seen this increasing productivity of the new hires that we get.
Gene Hall: So the AMR business, well, we call it supply chain. The supply chain business we’re doing very well. We had a supply chain conference this year in Phoenix and it was literally sold out it was so busy. In fact, we’re looking for a different venue in the future perhaps because of the growth we expect there. We also held a conference in Europe which was equally successful. AMR had not had conferences in Europe and we had one last year and then we had one this year. The one this year had huge growth over the previous year and we were very successful there. We’ve expanded the number of salespeople selling supply chain and again are seeing very good bookings in that business. So we’re very happy with the supply chain business.
Gene Hall: Yeah, so as Chris said, I’ll start with the events since you mentioned that. Our Barcelona conference, we’re seeing as strong as the Orlando conference. And by the way, that one starts on Sunday so we have a pretty good handle of what it’s going to be like. If we look at the other ones that we have rolling out in the other geographies, they look very strong as well. In terms of our research business in Europe and our consulting business in Europe, I’d say that it’s pretty much the same as everywhere else. You see growth slightly faster in Asia, slightly slower in Europe but not to any large degree.
Gene Hall: Yeah, great question about symposium. It was actually very exciting, being down there with so many CIOs and there was a really common theme, which is IT is central to everything they do in their institutions and in their business. And they’re very cognizant of that and it’s traditional things like implementing CRM systems, data center consolidation, implementing virtualization; but also there’s a whole new set of things, on things like mobile computing and how does Cloud impact their business and things like that. And so we’re sort of seeing a tremendous amount of interest in those issues, and then also looking to Gartner to help with those issues. And it was really fun seeing all the excitement and enthusiasm that was down there. And I’ll turn it over to Chris for the second question.
Gene Hall: Yeah, great question. So the productivity in Q3, as you mentioned we had a richer mix of new people who have less productivity than people who have been here a longer period of time, and obviously that’s going to have a little bit of an impact on productivity. But again as I said earlier, while the mix was richer the actual productivity we’re seeing out of new people has been increasing over time.William Bird – Lazard Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Gene Hall: Yeah, it’s Gene. No, I don’t think so. I think basically the mix of business, the mix of the kinds of engagements we’re doing has been pretty much constant over time, other than where we’ve purposefully changed it. So we have some areas we think might be a little higher growth and might focus in on those areas, but it’s on the margin as opposed to any major change.
Gene Hall: Hey Bill, good to hear you again. From a consulting perspective, as we’ve talked about over time what our objective there is, is to hire at capacity to deliver as we see the pipeline and backlog grow. So what you saw in the earlier part of the year was our backlog was flat to slightly down and so our headcount’s been flat to slightly down in the last couple of quarters. As that continues to build and grow we will add capacity appropriately. We still believe that the utilization of our consultants has some room for improvement so we can drive incremental revenue growth without adding capacity in some areas, but as we grow over time if we expect the consulting business to grow 3% to 8% you will expect over time the headcount growth to be in that range as we continue to move ahead.
Gene Hall: Yeah, a couple things. Q3 is seasonally lower because of the summer holiday period, so if you look back at time it is a seasonally lower utilization figure for consulting. We have been higher in the past and I would say that our long-term target continues to be 70%, so we’re continuing to drive efforts to get the business to be at that level consistently over time.
Gene Hall: It’s Gene. So to me, the key thing in driving it – there are two key components in driving it. The most important one is our sales force productivity, and so we are continuing to drive sales force productivity. It’s been increasing over time as I mentioned. We are focused on existing salespeople and getting their productivity as well as the new salespeople. It ranges from things like training, the tools we give them, making sure we hire the right profile, etc., and so all of those things are driving sales productivity and that’s the single biggest driver. And then the second one is obviously adding capacity over time, which is we’re planning to add between 15% to 20% more salespeople over time. And that helps with the long-term but the thing that really drives it is what we get with productivity, which is why we’re so focused on that.
Gene Hall: Well as I mentioned, we’re very happy with our productivity and as I said, the productivity’s good. It’s going the right direction and that’s what we like to see.
Gene Hall: Yep, it’s Gene. I just want to thank everybody for joining us today. We look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Chris Lafond: It’s Chris, just to give you a little more color there on the growth: I think if you look across, whether it’s geographic, whether it’s industry, whether it’s client-side – we still continue to deliver very balanced results actually in all three of the segments. So no matter how you look at our performance, whether it’s geographically or otherwise, really good, solid growth coming from pretty much everywhere across the business.
Chris Lafond: Hey, Bill. Thanks for the question. Just in terms of our guidance and outlook, a couple things that I’ll share. First, we’ve not made any assumptions in our guidance for foreign exchange movement, so that’s the first thing we should understand which is there’s been a lot of variability there but we essentially have assumed that foreign exchange will stay where it is today. So if that moves that could change ultimately where we end, so we’re not in the business of trying to predict foreign exchange.  If you go through each of the segments in terms of our revenue guidance, I think the research revenue was pretty tight - $15 million on $1 billion revenue number – so we feel pretty confident as you can imagine. Given it’s a subscription business we pretty much know where that will come in, give or take a little bit. Consulting, at the $305 million to $320 million range, as we talked about in the past we have a contract optimization business that does have some variability and it’s a little less predictable in terms of forward pipeline. And those deals can come in relatively quickly and that’s why we have a little bit of a wide range there, and again, still relatively small given it’s a $300 million consulting business with a $15 million range.  And then finally events we increased. We have great visibility into what we’re seeing now at symposium; good visibility in the forward-looking bookings for all of the events happening in Q4 so we feel pretty confident there. So what I would tell you is in no way does our guidance range mean to imply that there’s any uncertainty or anything else in our business. We’re very confident with where we are and very comfortable with the ranges that we’ve established.William Bird – Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks. And Gene, just a follow-up on productivity: it looked like your dollar growth in contract value per salesperson just dipped a little bit in Q3. I would think there’s some dilutive effect from onboarding; I was just wondering if you could comment a little bit on productivity from Q3.
Chris Lafond: When you look at the full-year revenue guidance, essentially you can back that into what we expect Q4 to be. It’ll be pretty consistent in terms of growth rates that we’ve seen in the early part of the year. Obviously the ending contract values we get through Q4 will be what will drive 2012 and that we’ll talk about as we get through Q4 and into Q1 when we do our earnings call there. So I would expect to see research continue to be strong; we’ve seen good, solid performance all year. It’s been very consistently delivering those results and we expect research to end the year between 16% and 17% revenue growth.
Chris Lafond: It’s a little too early to be talking about 2012. We obviously need to finish out 2011 first but it is our objective as we’ve continued to talk about and continued to remain confident in, of growing research at 15% to 20%, growing consulting 3% to 8% and events 5% to 10%. And obviously we’ve been doing much better than that on the events business. All of our metrics continue to be in those ranges and so at this point we feel very comfortable that our business continues to perform in those ranges today and into the future.
Chris Lafond: We feel very confident in that range. We generally don’t provide color around where we are in the range so we feel very confident that we’re going to be in that range that we’ve given.
Chris Lafond: We are probably kind of three-quarters, two-thirds to three-quarters of the way through. We’ve been working on that over the past few years and as you know, what we’ve been trying to do there is make that investment while also managing improvements in the overall productivity and profitability of the consulting business, which I think we’ve done a good job of over the past few years. So I think we’ll still be on that task for a couple more years as we continue to ramp up and get a full managing partner capacity.
Chris Lafond: Hi Kelly, thanks. So a couple things I would say there: first, overall from a renewal perspective, our renewals are pretty balanced throughout the whole year so every single quarter we’re seeing a pretty good indication. So give or take a few points around 25^% - that’s how much our book of business comes up for renewal. What I would say as we look at our retention rats, they’ve held very steady so from a retention point of view we’re seeing no issues or no changes in what we’ve seen earlier in the year, and they’ve been pretty consistent for quite some time.  From a new business perspective we’ve had record new business again in Q3. It’s the highest Q3 we’ve ever had so we still are seeing really good demand from clients, still seeing really good new business bookings. We’ve continued to add to the number of client organizations, so penetrating new organizations; and because of our wallet retention number increasing yet again we continue to penetrate the existing client base. So no matter how we slice and dice and look at it, and as I said earlier if you look at our CV growth geographically, industry-wise, client-size – all of those are up so we’re seeing a very broad-based performance. So at this point there’s nothing that we’re seeing that says we can’t continue on the delivery we’ve seen this year and keep research revenue in our long-term expectation range of 15% to 20%.
Chris Lafond: October, when you look in between quarters, the early part of the quarter tends to be relatively small. We’ve seen nothing; we don’t go into a lot of details in-quarter but we haven’t seen anything that we’ve seen so far. In addition to the comments Gene made, we’ve seen great demand in our events business and we’re seeing great demand in consulting; still seeing the continued performance in research. So nothing we’re seeing in the business at this point suggests anything.
Chris Lafond: As I said, we manage our capacity to the backlog but like right now, our expectation is that we’ll continue to see the kind of demand we saw in Q3. So if you look back at the first couple of quarters we commented earlier in the year and again that the first couple of quarters of the year were a little weaker than we expected; Q3 was a much stronger quarter after a strong end of Q2 bookings-wise. And we expect that to continue in there and ultimately drive utilization back to the levels that we expect.Daniel Leben – Robert W. Baird: Great, thank you.
