Gene Hall: Good morning. And thanks for joining us today. Gartner drove strong performance in the first quarter with double-digit growth in contract value, revenue, EBITDA and EPS. The rate of change and uncertainty in the world continues to accelerate. The tech sector is adjusting to post-pandemic demand. The banking industry is grappling with rising interest rates. Many industries have been impacted by rising inflation and more. Enterprise leaders and their teams need actionable objective guidance. Gartner is the best source for the insights, tools and advice that makes the difference between success and failure for these leaders and enterprises they serve. We continue to be agile with the changing times. We’re helping our clients make better decisions and achieve their mission-critical priorities, whether they’re thriving, struggling or anywhere in between. Research continues to be our largest and the most profitable segment. We guide leaders across all major enterprise functions. Our market opportunity is vast across all sectors, sizes and geographies. And we’re delivering more value than ever. In the first quarter, we helped clients in a range of traffic, including cybersecurity, data analytics, artificial intelligence, remote work, cost optimization and more. Research revenue grew 9%. Total contract value growth was 10%. Contract value growth was affected by slower than average growth with our technology vendor clients. This also affected the non-subscription portion of our research business. End user contract value for both GTS and GBS continue to grow at strong double-digit rates. We serve executives and their teams through two distinct sales channels. Global Technology Sales, or GTS, serves leaders and their teams within IT. GTS also serves leaders and technology vendors, including CEOs and product managers. GTS contract value grew 9%. Global Business Sales, or GBS, serves leaders and their teams beyond IT. This includes HR, supply chain, finance, marketing, sales, legal and more. GBS contract value grew 16%. Through relentless execution of proven practices, we’re able to deliver unparalleled value to our clients. Clients continue to prioritize Gartner Research. Our business remains resilient despite a volatile and complicated external environment. Gartner Conferences deliver extraordinarily valuable insights to engaged and qualified audience. This will be the first full year of in-person conferences since 2019. We’re off to a great start. Attention is strong, advanced bookings are at record levels, and feedback continues to be excellent. Gartner Consulting is an extension of Gartner Research. Consulting helps clients execute their most strategic initiatives through deeper, extended, project-based work. Consulting is an important complement to our IT Research business. Consulting revenue grew 14% in the first quarter. Our business is fueled by our highly talented associates. We have carefully aligned our hiring with recent demand and our long-term opportunity. We are well positioned to drive long-term, sustained double-digit growth. We finished Q1 ahead of our expectations despite volatility in the global environment. We’re increasing our outlook for 2023, while still allowing for a higher-than-normal level of uncertainty in the world. Craig will take you through our guidance in more detail. In closing, Gartner achieved another strong quarter of growth. We deliver unparalleled value to enterprise leaders and their teams across every major function whether they are thriving, struggling or anywhere in between. We’re exceptionally agile and continuously adapt to the changing world, and we know the right things to do to be successful in any environment. Looking ahead, we are well positioned to continue our sustained record of success far into the future. We expect margins to increase modestly over time. And we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. Even as we invest for future growth, we’ll return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders, which reduces shares outstanding and increases returns over time. With that, I’ll hand the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Craig Safian.
Gene Hall: Jeff, it’s Gene. I think you characterized it right, which is the two biggest factors going on are the year-over-year comparison is very tough because it’s such a strong for a year ago. And then the whole tech industry is realigning and that’s impacting the business, just as you described. And there are smaller things going on, but those are the big things that are going on that’s affecting our business.
Gene Hall: Yes, I don’t think it’s – I would characterize it as small as opposed to meaningful. So clearly, we’re selling less at Silicon Valley Bank or Republic, but that’s pretty isolated. And so we have isolated things like that are going on, like with regional banks, some countries like China. But there is always things like that going on. There is always things and surprisingly there were increased segments that are not perfect.
Gene Hall: Yes. So we see generative AI as being really helpful for our business. As you said, there are a lot of internal efficiencies where we’ve had – five years ago, we had teams of humans coming through publicly available information. Now we actually today use generative AI to improve our efficiency on those kinds of things and we’ll continue to. The second area is that we are testing, and I’m sure we’ll get to at some point, is having more of a natural language interface for our clients. And we’re testing now to just to make sure it all works correctly and it doesn’t have any surprises as you have seen in some of the public situations. And so I’d say, first of all, it’s great for internal efficiencies in every part of our business. Even like you mentioned if a salesperson wants to get synthesized publicly available information, it’s a great tool of help with that. It’s going to be – so it will help our internal efficiencies, it will provide a better interface over time with our clients and frankly, it’s an area where clients see help on as well. And so that’s an area that helps with our basic client demand as well. You asked about kind of our situation competitively there. I would say we are highly differentiated from kind of the public information you get, because we have a lot of proprietary information, proprietary insights, we have a research process, which is quite important in generating these proprietary insights and of course, we’re independent objective. So we say generational AI has really been a lot of help both internal efficiencies with probably a better interface with our clients, helping clients with it, et cetera.
Gene Hall: Yes, it's a great question. So we're always focused on research on the things that are most important to our clients. If you think about today, it would be things like cybersecurity. There are a few enterprises today that can let their guard down as cybersecurity and the only help they can get, so that's an area that we're really focused on. The other one is using data analytics and their business. The other one is cost optimization, making sure they understand how to optimize the cost that they do value in a little tougher environment perhaps. We still see a lot of demand on conversion digital business. We also see a lot of demand on things like optimizing cloud computing. So those are some examples. But the way we're focusing on research is making sure our research is focused on the really tough issues that senior leaders and our clients have to wrestle with, which these are some of the examples. And those issues are really important, even for organizations that are struggling, you're still going to deal with things like cybersecurity and data analytics, optimizing cloud computing. And so it's something that applies whether clients are struggling or whether they're thriving.
Gene Hall: Yes. Toni, it's a great question. So if you look at in any business, there's always some units that are doing very well because they have all the pieces that are working well together. There's other units that aren't working quite as well, and that's what's going in sales and marketing is it's more operational and kind of our own operational effectiveness isn't as good as in some of the other GBS functions. But there's nothing sort of intrinsic. There's nothing in the marketplace or something like that. It's all about making sure that we have all the pieces really working together well. It still had great growth, but it's not as great. The GBS growth is really extremely strong, and they were just kind of not as strong as the strongest parts of GBS.
Gene Hall: Yes, Toni, it's a great question, and salespeople are critical to our business to both current business and future growth. We got behind in hiring over the last couple of years. We're now fully caught up, which is fantastic. We have very low number of open positions. And our turnover is among the lowest we've ever seen with our salespeople. It takes our salespeople about three years to get to full productivity. So all these salespeople that we've added recently, you think about are really going to be powering the growth of business in 2024 and 2025 when they get up to full productivity. As we see this lower retention rate – I'm sorry, higher retention, lower turnover rate as being really advantageous to the business. The other thing is that as we do have hiring needs either from turnover or from growth, the market for us hiring salespeople is fantastic. We can get really fantastic salespeople, and we always see great salespeople, but it's one of the best markets for hiring for us we've ever seen.
Gene Hall: Yes. Andrew, so the reason the market is so good is, first, I mean, we're an employer of choice. We have a great brand in the marketplace, and we have great recruiting teams. So there's a lot of operational reasons why things are going well. On top of that then, the whole check realignment, the talent market that we compete most in for our people is with technology companies. And so when they're laying people off and not as aggressive about hiring, obviously it helps us if that's the primary talent market. So it's a combination of we're a great place to work, we have a great reputation, we have great recruiting teams, combined with the fact that our traditional talent competitors are just really scaled and really scaled back hiring a lot. And so we're using that as an opportunity to make sure we hire really great people. As we look forward, as Craig and I both said in our remarks, we want to make sure our net hiring incorporates the turner we have as well as our CV growth so that we are hiring a bit behind our CV growth so that we, it doesn't impact our margins negatively.
Gene Hall: So – hey, George. So what I say is that it's kind of what we – normal in the sense that there are some companies that are thriving, there are some companies that are more challenged. And we have to tailor the problems that we're working on with what the company situation is. And again, it gets back to the strategy I talked about earlier, which is let's make sure our research is focused on the most important issues for our clients. And then let's also make sure that our sales people, our sales delivery people know what those topics are, it can be right up front and helping clients. And so as I mentioned before, it's things like cybersecurity, data analytics, cost optimization, building a digital business, optimizing cloud computing, and not every company has all of those, but the – if you look at each kind of the company, depending on where they are, we help them with the issues that are most important for them.
Gene Hall: Yes, great question. On the Consulting side, we – like in a lot of our business we're playing catch-up on headcount and hiring over the course of last year. And so we did grow the team based on the demand we were seeing fairly aggressively over the back half of last year. We're still seeing really good demand. We're in a really good backlog position exiting Q1. And I'd say we ran a little bit hotter than normal in utilization last year, particularly in the first half of the year but overall last year, so it's a tough comp from that perspective. And again, just like the rest of the business, we are making sure that we are appropriately calibrated from a headcount perspective and a demand perspective, and we feel like we're in that situation right now with Consulting. We've got strong demand. We've got good backlog, and we'll continue to monitor it to make sure that we can both deliver on the top line but also make sure we're delivering strong margins there as well.
Gene Hall: Yes, Stephanie, it's a great question. So Conferences are a really important part of our business, and we're seeing very robust demand for Conferences, both from attendees and from exhibitors. My own take on it is that there's a lot of pent-up demand to do in-person events, of which our Conferences are part of that. And so we're seeing very strong demand on all parts of the business.
Gene Hall: Well, here's what I'd like you to take away from today's call. In the first quarter of 2023, we again saw strong growth across the business. Gartner delivers incredible value of enterprises that are thriving, struggling or anywhere in between. Our insights address today's mission-critical priorities. And by being exceptionally agile and adapting to the changing world, we've delivered a sustained record of success. We've covered around and aligned our hiring with recent demand and our long-term opportunity. We know the right things to do to be successful in any environment. Looking ahead, we are well positioned to drive growth far into the future. We expect margins to increase modestly over time, and we generate significant free cash flow well in excess of net income. Even as we invest in future growth, we'll return significant levels of excess capital to our shareholders, which reduces shares outstanding and increases returns over time. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Craig Safian: Hey good morning Heather. This is Craig. Great question. So, as we think about the way the business rolls, I guess, just zooming back a little bit, a couple of points just around historically how things look. So, we typically generate our least amount of new business dollars in the first quarter of the year and our most amount of new business dollars in the fourth quarter of the year. And there’s a lot of reasons for that. We work through our pipeline in the fourth quarter. We’ve got a lot of conferences that we leverage in the fourth quarter. We make a lot of promotions and changes to positions in the first quarter. But first quarter generally, lowest amount of new business. Fourth quarter, a lot more new business, and that sort of builds over the quarters. In terms of the way the CV flows, first quarter and fourth quarter tend to be a little bit more heavily weighted in terms of the amount of CV that is expiring. It can vary a lot. Our sales teams will also often pull forward business as they see opportunities. But Q1 and Q4 are typically our highest expiration quarters. In terms of the comps and the comparisons, I think, if you look back, Q1 of 2022 on just about every measure you can look at was the peak and/or the toughest comparison for us whether it is overall contract value growth, wallet retention, productivity, you name it. The comparisons are still pretty tough through Q2 and Q3, most notably with our tech vendor clients and with GBS. So Q1, I’d say, was a tough comparison across the board, across the entire research business, again, most notably with tech vendors and with GBS. Q2 is still, again, if you go back and look at the metrics and CV growth, et cetera, still a very tough comparison there as well. The comparisons do ease a little bit but it’s still a pretty high comparison point even as we get into the second half of the year. But again, if you think about our normal cadence, we’ll be building our new business pipelines and building our new business dollars over the course of the year. We’ve got a full slate of in-person conferences as well. And as Gene mentioned, our clients and potential clients really need our help as well. So we're focused on making sure we deliver great value to our clients, to drive those renewal rates and also work all our opportunities through the pipeline as well, so we can deliver the new business that we need to deliver as well.
Craig Safian: Hey. Good morning, Seth. So the – if you look at the outlook raise based on the Q1 performance and based on our efforts the balance of the year, we took revenue up by $35 million, most notably in conferences and we reduced our OpEx expense outlook by about $35 million. And that's what drove the $70 million increase in the overall EBITDA outlook. I'd say we are still dealing with a pretty uncertain macro environment, as we've all talked about. We took a pretty prudent approach to, in particular planning our operating expenses as we entered the year. And now that we've got three of four months behind us and have a better outlook for what the top line is going to look like for the full year, we were able to refine the expenses a bit. And so again, that's why we're able to raise the revenue by 35% and reduce the OpEx outlook by $35 million as well, and again, the math on that yielded margins a little bit higher than we had initially guided to.
Craig Safian: Yes. It's a good call out. So I think stepping back for a second, the free cash flow is still a very large number of the conversion numbers look very strong as well, both on a rolling four-quarter basis, and as we extrapolate out of the forecast. The main thing there though is we would have been able to raise our free cash outlook, if not for an additional cash tax burden that we calculated associated with the divestitures. So we had a very strong profit year last year, which results in more cash taxes this year, which was baked into the initial guidance. We sold a small non-core business in February and got proceeds from that. Our initial guide didn't dial in enough cash taxes associated with the divestiture. And so the main thing here is free cash flow is really, really strong would have raised but for an additional cash tax burden associated with our recent divestiture.
Craig Safian: Yes, absolutely, Andrew. Thanks for the question. In terms of Q1, I'd say it was a combination of modest revenue be most notably in Conferences, but a little bit in Consulting as well and prudent expense planning in the quarter. So I think that's the way I would describe of the Q1 margin performance. In terms of looking forward, if you think about the composition of our expenses and the phasing of our business, if you use the Q1 adjusted operating expense number as sort of a baseline, remember that like three quarters of our expenses are people related, and our merit increase goes into effect on April 1. And so that causes a step-up in the OpEx rolling out in Q2, Q3, Q4. Our conference calendar also picks up, most notably Q2 and Q4. And so the step up in operating expenses associated with that. Our travel tends to pick-up and we spend more seasonally Q2 and Q4, and so that's a pickup in the OpEx as well. And so again, I think we're – we planned our revenue outlook pretty carefully and again keeping in mind the proud volatile macro environment. And the OpEx, to your point we've already got a lot of the hiring from last year, that is now in the Q1 run rate for sure. We've got a modest amount of growth hiring set for the balance of this year, just to continue and support the growth. And then you've got those dynamics I just listed out earlier, the biggest two probably being the merit increase going into effect and the conference calendar impacting OpEx Q2 through Q4.
Craig Safian: Yes, George, good morning. Especially and again as Gene and I both mentioned in prepared remarks, we are with a lot of agility, making sure that we are calibrating appropriately where we exit this year from an overall headcount perspective across all Gartner and in particular, in terms of frontline sellers in both GTS and GBS. And so there's a range of outcomes for the full year from both a contract value growth perspective but also from a headcount perspective. And given all the dynamics we talked about in the labor markets and the fact that we've got world-class recruiting, our talent acquisition organization, and we've got a great associate value proposition as well. We feel like we can be pretty agile on this and just make sure that we are appropriately calibrated so that we enter next year with enough investment to make sure that we can sustain growth, but also deliver really strong margin performance as well.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Jeff. In terms of our pricing, the bulk of our pricing goes into effect on November 1 and so which impacts this current year. And so if you recall back to November-ish of 2021 we were increasing prices in the 5% to 6% range. This past cycle it was more closer to 5%, again given a little bit of less inflationary environment. And again, we want to make sure that at a minimum, we are pricing to offset the wage inflation that we are seeing. And in 2021, we were seeing much more pressure on wage inflation, and so we went a little bit harder on the price increases then; this year a little less and so roughly around 5%. In terms of the environment and giving on terms or anything like that, generally, I'd say we're – we've managed to hold to our terms. And so we're not giving away extra days or months in terms of when we could get paid. We're still pushing very hard on getting paid up front, which is obviously a core part of our free cash flow machine. As Gene and I have all talked about in the past, generally our contracts are relatively small or small-ish ticket items for our clients, representing a pretty teeny portion of their overall budgets. And so we're generally able to again, not without negotiations and not without conversations, but hold to our pricing structure, so no discounting and holding strong on our terms as well.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Manav. Yes. So the – so if you look at the SG&A line, again think of it running mid-40s to high-40s as a percent of revenue on a rolling four-quarter basis. About two-thirds of it is the S-part or the selling portion, most notably, GTS and GBS selling. Although we do have our conference sales organizations and a few other sales organizations in the S-line as well. And the cadence of spending is similar to what I outlined with Andrew's question, few questions ago, look at the Q1 rough OpEx run rate and SG&A – adjusted SG&A run rate. Merit goes into effect on April 1, and so that impacts that run rate for Q2, Q3, Q4. As I mentioned, travel – we do travel more in Q2 and Q4. And so you bake that in, and if you bake those things in, you should have a pretty good view on how SG&A expense should look Q2, Q3, Q4 of this year.
Craig Safian: Yes, absolutely. So our overall multiyear contracts as a percent of the research business is around 70%. So about 70% of the contracts that we have in force are multi-year in nature. The bulk of them are two-year contracts, although we do have a growing but small segment of more than two-year contracts. Important to note that some multi-year contracts will come due this year, obviously, but you're right, in terms of the resiliency of the business clearly having a large portion of our contract value tied up in multi-year contracts that are not up for renewal over the course of 2023 is clearly a good thing for us. And we recognize the strategic importance and value of focusing on multi-year contracts. Our salespeople do as well. Our clients do as well quite frankly; it's good for them too. But it's clearly a strong element of the business that we have so much tied up in multi-year contracts, but again most of them are two-year contracts.
Craig Safian: Yes. So I think clearly with our tech vendor clients as we've described in detail, the upsell is certainly more challenging in this environment given their recalibration and sort of the tumult [ph] in that space. We're still upselling wherever we can. I do think in the particularly challenged areas like tech vendors, what we are seeing our clients really get huge value out of Gartner and so they don't want to fully cancel their relationships, and so they may reduce a license or two here or there. We're seeing that in some of the more challenged end user industries as well, like as Gene mentioned, regional banking or things like that. But overall, I think it all comes back to we're offering a really strong value proposition and our clients really need help. And as long as we're doing that we'll be able to maintain our – the investment level within clients, and in fact if you look at the wallet retention numbers increase on average the amount of spend each and every year. And then when things in those impacted markets stabilize, we should get right back to the kind of growth that we've historically delivered.
