Gene Hall: Good morning, everyone. As Chris has discussed, we achieved strong 2011 performance. Our 2011 results continue the positive trend of growth that we delivered since early 2009 with a successful and consistent execution of our strategy. We had strong growth across all geographies, all client-sizes and all industry segments. IT is one of the most important drivers of growth and comparative advantage for virtually every institution in the world, but IT is also complex and continuously evolving. As a result, IT professionals need expert assistance and insight, to help to make the critical business decisions that they face virtually every day. This includes advice on managing IT for business success as well as how to best purchase the $3.8 trillion that they're expected to buy during 2012. The same is true for supply chain professionals. Gartner is the best and most cost-effective resource that IT and supply chain professionals can turn to for that help. Our assistance often makes the difference between success and failure for our clients. At the same time, we benefit from having a vast untapped market opportunity for our services, which we estimate at $45 billion. There are hundreds of thousands of IT and supply chain professionals, who could potentially be Gartner clients, but have never been educated on the values that we can provide. We have the right strategy to capture this opportunity. As some of you know, the fundamental to our strategy are to create extraordinary research insight, to build strong sales capability, to deliver high-value differentiated offerings, to provide world-class service and to continually improve our operational effectiveness. This consistent strategy is driving our growth and will allow us to maintain sustained double-digit growth overtime. During the fourth quarter, more than 5,000 CIOs attended our symposium events and I had the opportunity to meet with many of our clients there. These technology leaders are looking for solutions for mobile, for social, for cloud, for bid data and of course for traditional areas such as cost optimization. These leaders are driving the performance of their organizations and they see Gartner is central to their success. As a result, attendance at our events has been growing as well as the value that client see in Gartner. During January, I had the opportunity to meet with our sales leaders from around the world at our 2012 Kickoff Meeting. Our sales leaders, representing clients from all geographies, all industries and all sizes had an incredible level of enthusiasm. They're excited about Gartner, the value we provide our clients and our vast market opportunity. I've never been more confident or excited about our prospects for accelerated and sustained growth that I am today. Gartner is a strongest company it's ever been. The Gartner brand is into classify itself. Our products, services and people are superior to the competition and we have a great business model. We delivered double-digit growth in 2011 and we're placed for even greater success in 2012 and beyond. So to summarize, there are three points I'd like you to take away from today's call. First, our business performance was strong during Q4 and throughout 2011, providing great momentum as we enter 2012. The selling environment is great and we delivered double-digit contract value growth. Our research business added more net new organizations than ever before. Our events attendance was up 13% and the quality of our attendees has never been better. In consulting, we generated strong backlog across all geographies and industries. With the continued focus on our proven strategy, we will continue our positive momentum for the coming year and beyond. Second, our business model is attractive with high renewal rates, strong cash flow and great incremental margins. Third, we are well positioned to accelerate the growth of our research business and achieve 15% to 20% annual growth in that segment over the long-term, as well as growth in our events and consulting businesses consistent with our long-term targets. We have the leading brand in IT and supply chain research, a strong value proposition for our clients, great operational capabilities and a vast untapped market opportunity. We're in a strong position to continue generating double-digit revenue growth and expanding margins during 2012 and over the long-term. With that, we'll now take questions.
Gene Hall: So I think what gets us to the higher end of that range is focusing on increasing sales force productivity and also making sure that we grow our sales force in the kind of the range we talked about is those two things. The market opportunity is clearly there and our operational performance is clearly there, so it's really focused on that sales productivity and the growth of our sales force. And as you know, the sales productivity is one of the big focuses that we have. And as you saw, we actually in terms of sales force growth, grew a little bit of a top-end of our range last year, as we saw a lot of really good talent that we'll bring onboard a little bit early for 2012.
Gene Hall: So, Peter, as you know, the way our revenue recognition works is that the sales people sell a contract and then we recognize that revenue ratably for that contract. So in a simple level, the way I think about it is the contract buy in 2011 turns into revenues in 2012, what we sell in 2012 in terms of contract value, turns into revenues in 2013. And so the kind of research revenues for 2012 are based on the contract value brought in 2011. So what we sell in contract value during 2012 will really affect the research revenues in 2013.
Gene Hall: Again, we're expecting during 2012 to have a sales force growth in 15% to 20% range. So it's exactly in target of late last year.
Gene Hall: So basically what's driving the growth our events business is two things, one is just the fundamental value proposition that we have at Gartner which is IT people and supply chain people, having similar issues. And I mentioned some of the things earlier today, things like: How do I deal with global computing? What I'll do with cloud computing? How does the social computing apply to my business? Can I use big data and business intelligence? As well as again there is always a focus on cost production and things like that. And same thing is with supply chain. And so you have people that have these problems they want to debate, need to solve. They're being charged by the business to solve and they need help. And they see Gartner as a great source that helps. And they see events as a source that help just like the see research and consulting. And that's one piece that's driving our events business growth. It's just the kind of market needs. The second one is that we're executing very well. We basically have done a great job in terms of marketing our events business to prospects. And so it's the combination of this need to be adoptive with our clients. And the fact they see that we have a strong value preposition with them and that we've been executing very well in terms of getting those clients to our events. I'll add to that too. We've actually getting them to the events and when they're actually at the events, we ask people to score how we're dealing with them. And the value that clients place in our events, it's never been higher. It's been growing up year after year. And in 2011, it's the highest its ever been. So now we are getting there. But they're seeing great value. And that ties into your last point which is this not an up sell in opportunity? Absolutely, as you mentioned there is a sizable fraction of our event clients who are not Gartner research clients. But they can do our event, they learn more about Gartner and it is a great opportunity when they learn more about Gartner to sell them research services as well.
Gene Hall: After we acquired AMR, we launched a new set of products that are more consistent with what we do in our IT space. Those products have been extremely well received. Basically the clients of the Legacy products that are happy with them are doing great and we're happy with that. But in terms of future growth, we really focus on these new products which are doing very, very well. Overall, that business is just doing great. It's going really nicely. And in terms of penetration, it has a very, very small tiny penetration in terms of the total market opportunities. So we have a real huge opportunity there. And again, it's getting terrific growth and if anything we should see the growth accelerating.
Gene Hall: Basically as you said, what we're seeing is a lot of great talent out there and we've been very successful in tracking that talent to Gartner which is why we are ahead of our plan in sales hiring. And if people are going out to the door hiring more, you can't get ahead of the game. So we've actually had a very good retention. It's been very consistent over the years in terms of our sales people. Now we're working on that. We continue to work on getting that down because again we want to retain sales people. And so even though we think we have very good retention today, we'd think we can that even better which would just help in terms of our hiring and the tenure sales force. So we're working at the issue and we have done things like you've said. So we do have good on board products, we have great recruiting products to identify people that are we think are highly likely to be successful in our environment and then strong on boarding and development programs for those folks who want to get to on board. But I think our on boarding and professional development programs are as good as or better than any other company I have ever seen. And we get that feed routinely when our sales people come on board.
Gene Hall: So as you pointed out in consulting, one of our major issue in consulting is to have a team of managing partners that sort of drive that business. We started basically with none of those peoples several years ago and we've been adding up and we're up to approximately 70 of those managing partners today. And that's been a tremendous successful program. We've been able to identify great people. Those people come on board and there their productivity has been exactly what we'd expect. And in fact as we did, we actually want to full complement of those managing partners on board that will really help the overall performance of the consulting business. And so real challenge is we went from zero to now 17, we need to get to quite a few more before we're at the full capacity there.
Gene Hall: So as Chris and I both mentioned, we saw strong double-digit growth across all of our geographies, all of our industries and all client sizes. And so that's what we are seeing.
Gene Hall: Basically, as you can see from our guidance, we're very enthusiastic about the prospects for 2012. So that applies everywhere.
Gene Hall: So there is huge growth opportunity in client organizations. We think there is more than 100,000 actual client organizations out there, and we have a tiny fraction of those today. So we think there is growth in both number of organizations, like you saw in 2011. We also think that there is a huge opportunity to penetrate the existing organizations much deeper as well. So we're trying to have growth opportunity everywhere we look, and we're still looking for shares.
Gene Hall: I guess there are two things. One is that the convert kind of looking at what's going on in operation of the business and we feel very comfortable with the guidance we gave in terms of operationally. The second thing is the point we mentioned earlier about managing partners. We added a number of managing partners through the last year. Again, as we look at it, the productivity of those people has been very good. We've been able to attract people and get them up to speed. And we kind of extrapolate into '12, the performance that we'd expect from the few we brought on Board in 2011, we see we have performance right in the range to be what we had in our guidance.
Gene Hall: Just to give you a flavor for it, we are at about 70 today and we are looking something like 110 to 120 eventually. So we've still got ways to go, which is why you see there mid-to-low single-digit growth in consulting expectations.
Gene Hall: So the way you can think about our sales force is when we hire somebody in their first year, they have less than average productivity. In their second year, they have average productivity. So their selling is up to average by the time they are in their second full year. And again, that then will get reflected in contract value, which then in the next year actually turns into revenue. So if we hire somebody today, their first year will be below average productivity. Their second year's average productivity that will be next year and then that turns to contract value in that year. And in the third year, it actually translates into revenue for the business. So because of the pro-rated recognition of revenue that we use, it takes a while after you sell it, but we feel really good about the fact that we get our people, we hire new people, they do sell in the first year, but they are full average productivity by the time they're in their second full year.
Gene Hall: So basically, in the fourth quarter of '10 the contract optimization business was extremely strong in fourth quarter 2010. In fourth quarter 2011 we had a strong quarter, but relative to the extremely strong performance in 2010, it didn't look like as good.
Gene Hall: So utilization would be at the high end. What you said is exactly right which is if the revenues with the high end utilization lookout would be the high end as well in consulting.
Gene Hall: So basically first, we believe we can sustainably grow our sales force organically in the 15% to 20% range. So any acquisitions we did would be above and beyond that. And so there are both great organic growth opportunities. In terms of the M&A front, we actively tracked many companies and we think there are lot of opportunities out there. That it has to be the right company at the right price with the right fit. And those have happened in the last few years, we've had three, in fact we had two in one month because it happened at the right time with AMR and Burton. And so basically, as we've said, one of the uses of our cash is for acquisitions but only if the price is right and it fits right.
Gene Hall: Yes, basically, what we're looking for are basic sales skills. It doesn't take technology. It basically takes great sales skills. There is a essentially unlimited market of people that have great sales skills out there. And we found, if anything we're getting better actually at both identifying the right people and attracting them to Gartner. Our recruiting organization is really terrific and had done a great job with that. And there is such a vast army of sales people around the world that have great sales skills. And Gartner such a great place to be if you are a sales person. And we have no doubt in our ability to continue to grow our sales force in the 15% to 20% a year for essentially forever.
Gene Hall: So basically our churn of the sales to the attrition of sales force has been virtually unchanged over the last few years. It's been very steady. Even with the change in the economy it's been very steady. Again, Gartner is a very attractive place for sales people to be. And people want to be here as your sales person.
Chris Lafond: Yes, Peter, good question I think. As you've seen over the years we've done a good job of being able to maintain, in some cases the absolute dollars we spent, but certainly in every case as a percent of revenue continue to come down. Our expectation for the foreseeable future is that G&A cost will grow slower than overall revenue, so as a percent of revenue you'll continue to see G&A continue to fall. So we still think there's ample opportunity to do that over the next few years and you should continue to see similar trends you've seen over the past few years.
Chris Lafond: Diluted shares for the fourth quarter were about $97 million. And what we have traditionally said over the time is that at a bear minimum we shares back to offset the impact of our equity programs. And we will continue to do that at a minimum. We, as you know, will continue to generate significant cash. And we look to two things for that cash; one would be acquisitions where they make sense. And as you know we are pretty thoughtful about acquisitions and we'll continue to be that way. But if we find them we will use them there, and if not we will continue to buy shares back in the open market. And so the guidance we gave is to kind of remain roughly where we are. But should we get more aggressive that number could come down over the time.
Chris Lafond: There is a couple of them that will be dropped. So there is probably a net five in, a couple out to get your kind of the three delta. If you think about where we're positioned now with the portfolio, we have a pretty solid portfolio in many of the mature markets like the U.S. where we still have plenty of opportunities to launch more around the world. That's the strategy we will have over time to continue to launch existing events in other parts of the world.
Chris Lafond: Just on the free cash flow, when you look free cash flow, there are a couple of things. The cash taxes in the time of cash taxes affect that a bit. What we have over the past few years is, if you look back over four, five years, very little cash taxes and in some cases refunds and slowly that's creeping up in terms of become a cash tax payer. It's certainly nowhere near at the level that we have on the face of the P&L. So our effective tax rate is obviously much higher than our cash tax rate. But having said that, it creeped up a little bit and that's probably the vast majority of the real delta that we see. The other thing that we've talked about over time that you will continue to see in our cash is that over the past four or five years we've done a really good job of continuing to improve the effectiveness of our cash collection efforts. And we've got a lot of benefit out of that over the past few years. We're starting to see that stabilized now, we're at a very nice high level in terms of how quickly to collect cash and so we're not seeing the continued one-time benefits of improving. We're starting to see it kind of get to a normal run rate. So those are the few things that are starting to affect the cash flow a little bit in terms of how much additional year-over-year growth we get. But as I mentioned earlier, we're still expecting good strong cash flow growth, well in the double-digit and again significantly higher than net income over time.
Chris Lafond: The range in consulting as we talked about every year is also a factor of our contract optimization business. As you know that business tends to be a little more lumpy. And there is things that happened that don't recur et cetera. So at the various ranges of the guidance there's that business but, Dan, as Gene mentioned that range around the utilization as well.
Chris Lafond: So just to follow-up on Bill's question on the share count, so let me just share a few data points. Our basic weighted average share count at the end of the Q4 was 94.7 million, our basic ending share count in absolute terms was 93.3 million and our diluted weighted average was 97 million. So those stats should give you a sense of the shares as we ended the quarter and how that will look in 2012. And just another point on shares, remember that we do issue shares for our equity programs during Q1. And as we talked about, we continue to repurchase shares in the open market.
