Eugene A. Hall: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first earnings call for 2015. Well we are doing great as a company. We're where we expected to be at this point in the year and all of our underlying metrics are strong. I will review all of our operating metrics on an FX neutral basis. For the first quarter of 2015 contract value accelerated to 15% and total company revenues grew 12%. We achieved double-digit contract value growth in every region, every industry and every company size. The continued successful execution of our proven strategy was central to our success. The momentum we saw in 2014 continued into 2015, and we continue to get bigger, stronger faster every year. Across our three businesses, Research, our largest and most profitable segment, grew both revenues and contract value 15% in the first quarter of 2015, continuing our 19-quarter trend of double digit contract value growth. Retention was strong. For the first quarter of 2015 enterprise client retention was at 85%, up one point for the same quarter of 2014. Enterprise wallet retention was 106%, which is up two points over Q1 2014. Our retention metrics remain at all-time highs. Sales productivity remained strong. For Q1 sales productivity was up 12%, compared to Q1 2014. We continue to invest in opportunities that will drive further advancements in this area. Our labor-based Consulting was up 5%, while our contract optimization returned to historic norms as expected, which was down compared to the exceptional year we had in 2014. Our Events business also delivered a strong first quarter. In Q1, 2015 we drove a revenue increase of 11% year-over-year and attendee growth of 20%. As with other global companies, the strengthening U.S. dollar impacted our reported results which Craig will detail in a moment. We continue to deliver value back to our shareholders through share repurchase. Year-to-date we repurchased over $400 million in outstanding shares. And with the previous authorization fully exhausted we are excited to announce a new share repurchase authorization of $1.2 billion. Another reason our business is so successful is our people. At the heart of it, Gartner is a people business. We are attracting the best talent in the industry, in strategic locations around the world and getting them up to speed quickly. I recently spent a few days meeting with our top performing sales associates from around the world, and they have never been more excited about the technology revolution and our opportunity. Our sales associates consistently report that our clients value our services for whether they are growing or facing budget cuts. We continue to invest in our sales force to further capture our vast market opportunity and we know how to drive improvements in sales productivity. Our industry-leading analysts coupled with the world-class products and services and strong sales capabilities have driven our consistently strong results. We ended 2014 in a great position, and we carried that momentum into 2015. I couldn't be more excited about Gartner. The insights we create, the advice we deliver and the overall experience for our customers has never been better. We add tremendous value to our clients, whether they're growing or facing economic challenges, and we know how to be successful in any economic environment. Retention rates remain at all-time highs. We had double digit growth in every region, every industry and every company size and our operating metrics have never been better and we remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through investing in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. We are better, stronger, faster as a company and I expect to see robust growth for years to come. With that I would like to hand the call over to Craig.
Eugene A. Hall: Sure. So on your first question, on the client organization number. As we talked about last year, we believe that number of client enterprises is actually a better way and more transparent way to provide what's actually happening with our client count, where a company equals an enterprise, whereas in client organizations it was buying centers, where a company could have multiple buying centers. And so, over the last year we’ve provided both metrics, but we said on a go forward basis, we are going to focus just on the enterprise number which again we believe is a better number. And then also our Retention metrics are now tied to that enterprise number as well. Your second question again? I am sorry, Anj.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah. So the way to think about the new business mix is, it is historically been this way and it looked this way in the quarter as well. It comes - it falls about a third, a third, a third. So, a third of it comes from upgrades and new services to existing clients. A third comes from further penetration within existing clients and a third comes from net new logos.
Eugene A. Hall: Yeah Joe, its great question. It's Gene. The - that sales force training program that we talked about is important in driving sales force productivity. And to your point, we've now rolled up, to where all of our new sales people globally are getting that new training program. And we're quite optimistic.
Eugene A. Hall: So we don't take our experienced sales people back through that program. And our sales force turnover is actually pretty good. We don't lose sales people. We lose sales people really, at a very competitive rate. And so because we are only taking new sales people through it, it will take some time before everybody has that - has gone through that. And we have separate things we do with our existing sales people to improve their productivity. So this is the whole point is that this program itself is oriented for towards when we hire new people, making sure they get up to speed as quickly as possible and that they actually wind up with higher average productivity over the course of their career.
Eugene A. Hall: So the new enterprises that we are selling really aren't different than our existing enterprises. As we’ve talked about at Investor Day, we see about 110,000 enterprises that we can target, that we do target actually, and of those only about 10,000 are clients today. And so our mission is every year to add a few hundred more of those enterprises. And as Craig pointed out, that's a portion of our growth. We also then have another portion of our growth which is selling more toward existing enterprises and we are very successful at that as well.
Eugene A. Hall: Hey Manav. So, the - we have, at any given time we track a 100 or more companies. We will continue to do that. Our acquisition pipeline looks very robust, and it is very consistent with what we have seen in the past and that's our number one choice for deployment of capital. And we feel like that the repurchase - if you look at our cash flow, plus our balance sheet that we feel like we can do all the acquisitions we need and still do the repurchases that you have seen and the repurchases that we’ll do going forward. So you shouldn't take that, that we see a less acquisition pipeline because of our aggressive purchases earlier this year.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So we think we can get our retention several points higher than it is today. As we look as we analyze kind of why we have turnover, we have programs that are designed to address those. So we think we have plenty of headroom still left on retention and we are working that. We expect retention to continue to improve over time.
Eugene A. Hall: And the other thing worth mentioning, Andre is just that on the year-over-year comparisons we owned Software Advice for three weeks in the first quarter of last year, and for the full quarter this year, and so that may be impacting your view on the year-over-year growth a little bit as well.
Eugene A. Hall: So, it is Gene. Again we add our - we're planning to grow in every region and every industry in every size client. The rates are little higher, little lower depending on what we think the capability of the individual management teams are to absorb higher, little bit lower growth rates. In all of them, we expect to grow and grow at very good rates, but some will grow a little bit faster than others. And again it's not driven by any particular industry or geography. It's driven by - when we look at the individual sales manager, what's their capacity to absorb extra growth. And just as an example you might have a manager that's got - if they have ten direct reports, ten AEs, ten sales people and five of them are new, we would say that's probably as much as they can handle. If you have someone who has got eight sales people and seven of them are experienced, we would add --we'd give them more capability. And it also depends on the experience of the sales manager how long they have actually been working as a manager in their role. And so it is not driven by geography or industry, it is driven by what's the tenure of the manager and what's the composition of the actual team that they have, so we do it kind of bottoms up.
Eugene A. Hall: So the - it’s Gene, Gary. Actually, you know our sales productivity, if you look kind of like to like has been improving steadily over time. There has been countervailing forces that we have talked about at various points. So for example, there's U.S. Government sequestration that went on which affected part of our public sector business. Obviously, there was the downturn in 2008. So there has been some things like that that have affected our business over time. If you look at kind of like-for-like, we have seen kind of a steady improvement in sales force productivity, since we got out of the recession. And again, as we look to the future, as a company, we are getting better programs in place all the time in terms of the three areas I've talked about. Our recruiting sales people, we get people that are a better fit, are training them, having better training programs and then providing better tools. Those things, those three areas are all getting better every year. And as we look at the impact on them, yeah we believe those will continue to improve sales force productivity.
Eugene A. Hall: And Gary, we have also - we have great confidence that our business is going to grow at attractive double digit rates ongoing in future. So if you say you're going to keep growing at double digit rates for an extended period of time, and this has been true the past, any of the repurchases as we've done [ph] are going be great. And that's the kind of business we have.
Eugene A. Hall: So It's Gene. So the labor markets are clearly improving around the world, we see that. However, Gartner is an incredibly attractive place to work for anybody who wants to be in a technology world. We are a premier employer, very attractive and so even as the markets around the world have improved, it doesn't affect our ability to hire, we - because of our attraction as a company et cetera, that hasn't really affected us at all. As you’ll hear that sort of by geography the same thing is true around the world, that the - our ability to recruit is about the same as it has been anytime over the last three years or four years.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, we - obviously we work hard to find the right people but the - again the improving level is not the issue because we are such an attractive place to be.
Eugene A. Hall: It's Gene. So, we believe we can grow our sales force 15% to 20% a year. So even at the low end of that range, we grow sales force at 15% a year over time, that means our CV - our contract value is going to grow 15% a year. Again, we think we can do better than that in the sales force, we think we will. And then secondly, we also think that we can simultaneously improve sales productivity modestly each year. As Craig pointed on Investor Day, if you grow - even if you had flat growth in the sales force being only 15% a year, and just improved productivity that accelerates our CV growth. We think we can do both. So we are quite optimistic about that over time our contract value growth could accelerate.
Eugene A. Hall: Well, thank you all for joining us today. To summarize the key points of today's call, first, we are doing great as a company. We are where we expected to be at this point of the year and all of our underlying metrics are strong. Our contract value growth rate accelerated and rolling fourth quarter sales productivity is up 12% for Q1 compared to Q1 2014. We remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through investment in our business, strategic acquisitions and share repurchases. And we're getting better, stronger, faster all the time. I expect to see robust growth for years to come. We look forward to updating you again on our next quarterly earnings call. Thank you for joining us today.
Craig Safian: Sure, thanks Tim. On the productivity front, we are up 12% on an FX neutral basis versus Q1 of last year. We are essentially flat to where we ended the year, ended 2014 and so it's consistent with what we had laid out at Investor Day in terms of an expectation of roughly flat productivity. That being said, as you can imagine we are working very, very hard to make sure that we can continue to improve that productivity on a go-forward basis.
Craig Safian: Tim, we've had had a strategy that we have talked about where acquisitions being first priority, buyback being second priority for us from a capital deployment perspective. We mentioned that our target for 2015 was to extinguish the share repurchase authorization or the remaining share repurchase authorization that we had heading into the year. Based on everything we were looking at, based on our cash flow generation, based on our balance sheet flexibility, and capacity under the revolver we determined that it would be a good thing to accelerate over the first quarter and the half of the year. So, we have essentially hit our full year target as of earlier this week.
Craig Safian: So the way we are thinking about it, Tim is, with the new $1.2 billion authorization we believe that will last us between 2.5 years to three years. And as always, we will look at the market in terms of what's out there from an acquisition perspective or other ways for us to deploy capital. But all other things being equal, we believe that we will use the $1.2 billion over the next 2.5 years to three years.
Craig Safian: Hi, Jeff. So the - as you pointed out our sales force - the target range for our sales force growth is 15% to 20%. We determine where we are in that range basically by looking bottoms up, which sales managers have the capacity in their particular territories and their experience level to handle that growth. And we are very confident we're going to be in that range of 15% to 20% this year.
Craig Safian: So like everything in our business, we aim to have continual improvement in it and acceleration. The things that determine that the level of sales force is obviously recruiting capacity, we think we're in good shape there, the amount of experience and tenure of our management team which as you said, we have very little turnover among our managers. And it's just doing an assessment individually - the individual territories kind of where that adds up. Again as we look at that and the development of our manager, we see that accelerating over time.
Craig Safian: Yes. It's actually Q1 and Q2 Jeff are the two tough quarters from a comparability perspective. Q3 and Q4 our expectation is, will be roughly in line with what we did last year.
Craig Safian: My apologies for not being clear. That is a GAAP number which includes roughly $0.04 of acquisition integration charges.
Craig Safian: Hey Anj. How are you? So yeah, the growth in billable head count was a little higher than we’ve typically seen. Some of that is driven by the managing partner growth which we’ve talked about is a strategic imperative for us. That was up 14% year-over-year. What's allowed us to go a little bit faster on the billable head count growth is the combination of the quality of the backlog and the quality of the forward-looking pipeline. We generally only hire when we have visibility and we've had better visibility in that business, which largely stems from the benefits we're getting from the managing partner investment. And so as we get better visibility, higher quality backlog, et cetera, rolling forward that allows us to invest in growing the billable head count with more confidence.
Craig Safian: Yeah, so it is really based on last year, it's really a Q1 and Q2 phenomenon. So, we'll feel the impact of the return to historical norms most notably in Q1 and Q2. And again if you think about it, it is most notable in Q1 and then a little bit more in Q2 and then basically Q3 and Q4 look like it's looked the last several years. And so as we think about what the results look like for this quarter as well as our guidance for Q2, there's an impact related to the return to historical norms Q3/Q4 no impact really.
Craig Safian: And then on your - the second part of your question, Manav. So as we said acquisitions had a two point benefit on the Research line and it would be about a one point benefit on the total revenue line.
Craig Safian: Yeah, sure. As we talked about at Investor Day, flat productivity got us to roughly 14% close to 15% CV growth, modest improvements in overall average productivity, can accelerate our CV growth a little bit more than that. From a margin perspective, you really see the margin flow through in the subsequent year. And so we wouldn't expect margin benefit in 2015 from continued acceleration in sales productivity. You would expect to see it in 2016 and beyond.
Craig Safian: Yeah, no, it’s a good question. The power of our model and the leverage involved in our model, says that if we can get research contract value growing 16%, 17% per year, that being the largest portion of our revenue and our highest margin business. The power of the economics of the flow through on that will allow margin to flow through and we'll be able to make investments as well to continue to drive the business.
Craig Safian: Yeah, so if you look back historically, you will see often there is a modest decline in Q1. Again, it’s generally our lightest new business quarter and decline is not troubling [ph] at all and the thing I would focus in on is the 8% year-over-year enterprise growth.
Craig Safian: Yeah, on research it was a pretty modest impact. I think on a FX neutral basis, our research margins would have been precisely flat and we had a modest down tick for the quarter. So it was less magnified on the research line, more magnified on some other lines.
Craig Safian: Yeah, so on the - on that comment, we are actually obviously buying back shares, is an accretive activity for us. And so with the accelerated pace of repurchases through the first quarter and a half, even including the incremental interest expense, it does benefit our EPS line. Our view was our forecast still fell within the guidance range, which is why we haven't updated the guidance range. But the pace of share repurchase absolutely benefits EPS in this year and even more so going forward.
Craig Safian: So Andre, Software Advice is performing just as we expected. We expected it would be a business, that's a high growing business. It's growing quite a bit faster than our traditional IT business. And we expect that to continue for a substantial period of time. So and again, we expect that growth rate to continue to be high which means the dollar value would grow over time.
Craig Safian: So as we've talked about in the past, you know, we recognize - we know what an optimal capital structure should look like. We recognize that leverage is a part of it. As we talked about at Investor Day we recognize that optimal leverage is in the 1.5 to 2 times range. And we are - we are on a path to get there. On a net-debt basis, we now sit at roughly one times and on a gross debt basis, obviously closer to 1.5 times. And so we are effectively deploying our capital. We are putting leverage on the balance sheet and we will continue to do that when we see thing that can drive shareholder value.
Craig Safian: The other thing I would mention Gary and again in the Investor Day material it is there, is because of the size of the sales force, even modest improvements in productivity have a pretty significant impact. So a 5K improvement in productivity spread across 2,000 sales people is meaningful. Two years in a row of 5K improvement even more meaningful. And so based on what Gene described in terms of looking below the covers of what's really going on, plus what we have done over the past 12 months or last five quarters in actuality, we have great confidence that sales productivity can improve into the future.
Craig Safian: Yeah, I mean two things, I'd say Gary. One is, the pace of share buyback is roughly in line with our corporate free cash flow on an annual basis and has been for the last several years, has actually been below our free cash flow and just in the last year or so…
Craig Safian: That is the correct. So there are lots of different things we can look at here. As you know with our new credit facility that we put in place had very attractive terms and gives us room to grow into as well. We are also locking in certain portions of that debt from an interest rate perspective, so that there isn't potential slippage on the interest expense on the upside. And look, and we will continue to monitor both our capital structure, whether or not buybacks, or how much buybacks are accretive to our shareholders et cetera. And we will not get out other over our [indiscernible] tips on this one for sure. We are watching it very closely, but it is our belief that again optimal capital structure in 1.5 times leverage range and that our two primary uses of our cash flow, both domestically and globally are strategic acquisitions and share repurchases.
