Gene Hall: Hey, Jeff. Gene. So first, the -- we do have a lot of headcounts and 1 of the leverage that we used for growth, but it's not the only lever. We also early are very focused on productivity and we believe there's quite a bit of room for productivity improvements going forward. In parallel with that, as I mentioned on the call and Craig did as well. We have initiatives underway to ramp up our recruiting capacity and output and refining actually we have a great value proposition, is very attractive markets. And so we're quite optimistic about our ability to ramp up hiring as we need to leverage productivity anytime.
Gene Hall: Hey, Gary. A couple of things going on with GTS headcount. First, it is a highly competitive labor market and sort of the turnover is up modestly. And of course they're within the modestly higher turnover. Their pockets are hired to modest turnover, but overall it's modestly up. And we recognize that and we have a number of programs in place which we think will actually address that. We have a very good -- and we have a very strong employee value proposition. In fact, we don't have any trouble recruiting people into the Company.  And so the combination of continuing to strengthen our employee value proposition, we believe will get churn of this modest, high turnover back to normal levels in an [Indiscernible] that we are rapidly ramping up are recruiting capacity as I mentioned. We had just started ramping up recruiting capacity back in May, but obviously what happens is you start -- you've got to hire recruiters. It takes a while to actually get them on the job, and then just like any other job, it takes recruiters some time to get up to full capacity.  And so when we started ramping up recruiting capacity back in May, it takes a little time before that definitely kicks in. As Craig mentioned on the script, on his prepared remarks. We're already seeing that we're back to kind of the levels of hiring that we were back in 2019. Again, we expect that to continue to go up. So we expect a combination of improved employee turnover from the programs we have in place, combined with higher recruiting capacity to really address this issue.
Gene Hall: In GTS, like GBS have a great value proposition. We provide actual insights to our clients on their toughest issues. So we start -- I think what we start with is we have a really great high proposition. As we talked about, we invested in making sure we had the content, sales training, a number of experts, etc. over the last really 2 or 3 years to make sure that we had all the pieces in place to have to be able deliver that incredible value proposition. And now we're seeing the benefits of that. We're going to continue to keep investing in those areas and so I'd expect our value proposition which is very strong. And also get our ability to execute on sales will continue to be very strong as well.
Gene Hall: Good morning, George. Productivity, it is an [Indiscernible] measure and so we're trying to even out or take out seasonality from the measure. There are some structural differences that we've talked about in the past -- in looking at GBS compared to GTS. And again, based on where we are in the journey on these two businesses. And so on GBS side, because we are, as I mentioned earlier in the really early innings of going after this really enormous market opportunity. We have a racer mix of what we call business developers or hunters whose sole job is to go out and find new business. And they're performing really, really well, and have been.  And we've been building to that. It wasn't just a 1 quarter phenomenon, let's say, several quarter multi-year phenomenon that we've been experiencing there. And so again, they are performing really well, the retention levels are helping a lot on the types of quota-bearing hires or AEs that managed CV and drive growth through expansion. So it's really a combination of those 2 things. As we look at the future, is this the right level to think about?  We will see, I mean, there is -- we do believe there was a little bit of pent-up demand out there in the market coming through the pandemic last year. But we feel like we're in a really good place with GBS achieving strong growth rates. And again, through a combination of really strong new business and improving retention rates as well.
Gene Hall: Yes, George, it's actually a combination of improved spread revenue outlook and performance and some improved cost profiles as well, is really driving both the modest adjustment from 18% to 19% to where we are now which is around 19%. But I guess, generally, the way to think about a normalized margin of around 19% is, it is how our P&L would look at a more typical year with sales headcount growing a few points lower than CV, offices opened for the full year, normal travel levels as we just discussed on Toni question, and growth investment to support all the growth that we're driving across the business. And so a modest change. But again, I'd say a combination of the revenue performing a little bit better than expected as we've talked about each quarter. And some tightening or more efficiency on the cost side as well.
Gene Hall: Hey, Andrew, great question. Conferences are important part of our business. And we have -- with the pandemic, developed quite good virtual conferences that have a lot of value to our clients and our [Indiscernible] received. Having said that, a lot of our clients want to, in particular, used to go to in-person conference, as we do our customer research, there is strong interest and desire for us to provide them with in-person conferences as well. So the look of future, right now, the way we are thinking is we would -- whether it is safe to do so that allowed in each geographic area range for environment.  We will -- we plan to hold in-person conferences because it does provide tremendous value to our clients. And having said that, we also plan to continue with virtual conferences for those clients that either don't want to travel or can't travel, given when we have our in-person conferences. And so our long-term strategy, our long-term plan is to have a mix of both in-person conferences and virtual conferences. Going back to kind of the great success we had with the in-person ones combined with what we learned in the pandemic for the virtual conferences.
Gene Hall: You know Andrew, it's hard to say now. Just we've been operating a little bit in between the 2 models as we've -- as you know we were preparing to run a portion of our conferences this year in-person. And so we add staff onboard to be able to do that. And then obviously, we had to cancel those in-person conferences in the fourth quarter and relaunched our virtual -- And so again, I think the way we think about it is, the contribution margin will look similar to the way it looked pre -pandemic for the overall conferences business.  I do think and again, we'll provide guidance on 25 in February. We're working through our operational plans now. But we -- and again, we've talked about this in the past, we are not going to be in a position to relaunch the 70 inverse definition conferences that we had in 2019, run them at the exact same profile economic and otherwise in 2022 it's going to takes some time to build back into those. And so again, as we think about it, the combined operating margin for conferences looks pretty similar to the way it looks a lot prior to the pandemic, as it stands right now.
Gene Hall: So let me start on that, Andrew. So the first thing is GBS is largely weighted to the U.S. And so most of the GBS growth just because of it is much less mature outside U.S., even in the U.S., it's going to be we're heavily U.S. weighted. It's going well outside the U.S. as well but it's just a share of business, our share of salespeople are overwhelming U.S. Over time, just as we've done GTS, we expect to have our international markets and GBS be just strongly staff as we have GTS today. As we keep debt and salespeople over time. And so that's one of the factors to drives the U.S. markets. In terms of actual our value proposition is very strong in the U.S., is very strong in Europe, very strong in Asia. And so it's equally effective there.  Sometimes the mix of industries affects particular geography or particular market where one set of industries might not be doing as well and so it's a little tougher selling apartment. But again, overall, our [Indiscernible] crops are strong at all those markets, and it's more specific things like that that would have impacted it. And as I said that our mix of sales people, particularly in the GBS.
Gene Hall: What we found is the biggest issue is that we have a lot of associates and they are big pockets, where we didn't realize we might not a great couple of competitive. And now, we know we were competitive in those pockets. And so I think that's been the biggest source of, what you might call, wage inflation.
Gene Hall: So if we were planning to be virtual, which in July takes a long time because you got to reserve venues. You have to sell exhibitors, things like that. It's easier to go the other way around, meaning, a plan for live and go virtual. Because you have all the pieces in place already. And so typically, like we, as you know, this year, we plan to go live for some of our conferences and then to conclude it, it was not either allowed or was not safe to do so. And so we didn't. But it's easier that way once you have an in-person conference, plans go virtual because you don't have to worry about the venue and things like that. If you have a reserve, those venues, trying to get them at the right time and then, etc., is pretty tough to do.
Gene Hall: So the -- yes, basically, it can take months -- it can take years because if you sort of those proper venues, get booked up literally a couple of years in advance. And so if you're trying to book, it's departure venue, trying to book at the last second can be very tough. So yes, the planning actually can take years.
Gene Hall: Hey, Manav. Good question. One of the things in the Hybrid world we need to focus on, and we always focus on this to a degree, but we have to talk about it typically, which is our employee value proposition. And why should associate want to come work in Gartner? The talent market we compete in is a very, very competitive market. We're very attractive employer. We have to make sure that our candidates understand that and understand what's different in a virtual environment. It might have been when it was up to your office station environments. That's kind of the key change.
Gene Hall: Hey, Mario. Good morning. As you highlight, your Conferences are an important piece of overall portfolio, and really support our research business in a variety of ways. One of those is in getting prospects there and having that experience. Gartner. Gartner. Gartner inside. And then converting them. We also, obviously, have the benefit of engagement with existing clients and so there is positive benefit on retention as well. When we did pivot to virtual, we were very focused on making sure that we maintain those levels of engagement both in terms of engaging and existing seat holders to,
Gene Hall: As you've heard us say in this call, we once again delivered strong performances in Q3. And we performed well across all three of our businesses, research, consulting, and conferences. Delivered strong performances in contract value, revenue, EBITDA, and free cash flow. And we repurchased another $355 million of stock in the quarter. We continued to get better, faster, and strong as a Company. Gartner is a great place for associates. We provide outstanding returns for our shareholders and we're thriving in the current environment. Thanks for joining us today and we look forward to updating you again next quarter.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Jeff. I think there's a couple of ways to look at what's happening under the covers. I think number 1, seeing the pickup in world attention is certainly a very positive trend which we anticipated. And as we've looked at the amount of up sell and expansion that we're driving within existing client enterprises, we're back to normal levels. While our retention is strongest, not quite back to historical levels, but we feel really good about the level of expansion we're driving within existing enterprises.  Again, some of that is when back, some of that is organic growth activities within existing enterprises. But while it is pretty strong, I think on the enterprise account, enterprise growth, we've seen now few quarters, enterprises expanding. And as you'd expect, when a new enterprise comes in, it comes in at a lower CV level than our overall average. And so the net enterprise adds that we've been doing will suppress a little bit or mute a little bit the CV for Enterprise that you see. And what you are seeing actually is both levers working really well for the last several quarters, particularly in the third quarter, with that expansion, with the existing enterprises showing up in a low retention number and the number of enterprises growing nicely as well.
Craig Safian: The other thing I know carriers in that net productivity number you're seeing it's as you called out. Really strong new business growth, but we've also seen meaningful improvements in the retention rates. And that obviously flows through to the NCVI per quota-bearing head as well. So it underscores [Indiscernible] points around the value proposition being super strong. So not only are we getting lots of shots on goal, as you say across the franchises, we're going those levels. I guess if I said the metaphor and keeping those seat holders in the franchise with stronger retention rates.
Craig Safian: Good morning, Toni. It's Craig. I think across all the GBS practices, as we mentioned, all of them are at double-digit growth rates on a year-over-year basis in the third quarter and more than half of them are north of 20% year-over-year growth. So we highlighted the top 3 which are performing really strongly, but that's not -- those aren't the only ones that are even north of 20% and again, to underscore the point, all of them are at double-digit growth rates. I think what we're seeing, and you can see this through a combination of metrics is we are selling a lot of new functions within existing enterprises.  Which is why you've seen a wild retention rate move up as nicely as it has. And so just because the client is purchasing supply chain subscription, selling into their finance team or their HR team with our legal team is a brand new sale for us. And we're doing really, really well there and in addition to you bringing on brand new enterprises into the GBS franchise as well. It's a combination of those two factors really driving that GBS growth. On cyclical versus secular. I think I go back to James' points earlier. We have a really, really strong value proposition in each of these functional areas that we are selling into. We've invested a lot over the last several years to make sure that we've got the right content and the right analysts and advisors, and the right service capacity in the right selling capacity. And so we feel good about each of these opportunities. Again, if you scan back, I mean these are enormous market opportunities for us and we're in the really, really, really innings on going after that market opportunity.
Craig Safian: I think that's a great question. A couple ways to think about it. So one, the biggest bucket by far is headcount related. And as we talked about, we are making progress there. We've increased recruiting capacity as Gene talked about, we're growing both sales forces now sequentially and we intend to do that not only with sales, but across the rest of the Company as needed as well. That is by far the biggest piece of it I think as I mentioned. I've prepared remarks about two-thirds of the quote and quote normalizing adjustments relate to headcount.  On the travel front, we are still almost at zero. And so there is still a long way to bounce back from that. When we were sitting here in May, we thought, second half of the year, it would start to bounce back. When we were sitting here in August, we saw in the fourth quarter, it would bounce back. It is reopening a little bit, but we are still at a tiny fraction of where we were historically. And as we roll into 2022, we do think it will rebound to reset at a new normal level. Will that be all the way back to 2019? Perhaps not. Perhaps there are things we can do a little more efficiently and effectively, but it's still going to be a pretty significant step-up from what we spent in 2021, which is virtually nothing, back to a new normal level in 2022.
Craig Safian: Yeah. Good morning Manav. I'd say, again, our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. We're focused on returning capital to shareholders through our buyback programs, which you guys, you've seen, we've been very aggressive with over the course of this year and then also hunting out on strategic value enhancing tuck-in M&A. The priority -- 1 A and 1 B from a priority perspective, we continue to scour the market for assets that makes sense for us. We are an organic grower, we don't need to do M&A to support our medium-term objectives. And so we can be very, very, very disciplined on the M&A front. We'll remain very disciplined on that front.
Craig Safian: to help with retention rates and also getting lots of prospects. Through so, we've been very focused on the fourth quarter of last year when we really ran our virtual conference portfolio and RS. And we did really good job on both fronts. And we're seeing the benefit of that from a retention rate perspective. This year it's certainly helping and it's also a big contributing nicely to our overall new business growth rates on research as well.  And as we roll forward, Gene talked about it in this sort of hybrid world of running in-person where we can and where it is safe to do so. We're going to take advantage of that from a research perspective. And when we run virtual, we intend to make sure we get the benefits of that on the research side as well. Whatever format we run in, it's a great business but it's, it's really an extension of our research business and that's why we will continue to run it, whether it's in-person or virtual.
Craig Safian: Yes, Mario. On the consulting side, we've continued to have irrelatively strong performance there. We're seeing obviously a lot of work with are the major trends in technology, digital transformation, Cloud optimization, cybersecurity, things of those nature, those are really the big ones for us. As you know, we tend to focus our Consulting business on our largest, most complex clients.  And they have those issues in earnest that do -- a lot of our other sized clients as well. But we've seen really good performance for all the -- geographically and spread nicely across those couple of areas. And I would throw in strategic sourcing and cost optimization and into that Consulting mix as well. That is a strong practice for us.
