Bruce Van Saun: Well, thanks, Ellen. And good morning, everyone. I'd like to start off by offering a tip of the cap to John Fawcett who retires at the end of the month after serving us well for many years. And I welcome to Eric Aboaf, our new CFO who joined us for his first earnings call after being here for two and half weeks. Good news is Eric is quick study and I don't think will miss a beat. Turning to the quarter, we are off to a good start. I'd highlight the following. So we had solid financial results. We had a successful CCAR submission. We've recruited some terrific top team members. Eric is CFO and Don McCree, formerly of JPMorgan as our new Head of Commercial. We supported the successful follow on offering of RBS own stock, RBS' ownership is now down to 40.8%. And we are navigating through the challenges posed by the environment, and we are executing well against our strategic turnaround initiatives. So all in all as I said a good start. While we have a ways to go on a number of fronts to get the bank operating better, I am pleased overall with the steady and consistent progress that we are making. Our people are working hard, they are taking good care of our customers and they are executing well on our plans. I'll let Eric cover the financials in detail but I would offer first a few high level comments. First off, we are pleased that we delivered positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis. This is the key to delivering improved results and we are committed to that. We are doing a good job of intelligently growing our balance sheet, though in a sustained low rate environment, it has been a challenge to keep our NIM broadly flat. In order to do that, we are very focused on adjusting our business mix and risk appetite modestly over time to raise our asset yields. In the first quarter, we saw a strong loan growth in commercial, in prime auto, in mortgages and in student lending particularly with our new refi product. We expect favorable trends here to continue over the course of the year. We've continued to benefit from favorable credit costs; we are doing a good job of shifting expenses to more productive uses, keeping overall levels broadly flat. Our investments in getting our fee based businesses to scale are advancing steadily. That said the benefits from these initiatives will play out gradually over time. Mortgage and cash management made good progress in the first quarter, while wealth had a little bit of tougher time. Lastly, I'd highlight that our balance sheet remains strong. We completed a $250 million buyback early in the second quarter and we have the capital and funding strategies in place to continue to grow loans at a good clip. With that let me turn it over to Eric.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, I think what you will ultimately see is -- there is a benefit obviously from the seasonality. But then we are also making offensive investments in some of the areas we are trying to build origination capability. So we are still adding commercial lenders, we are still adding mortgage loan officers, wealth advisors and so our broad guidance for the year was that we are going to try to keep expenses as close to flat as possible. We are trying to have that as a quarterly and annual objective. And that's what we are working hard to accomplish. So I like to think of it is study that zero base take out constantly look for ways to take out expenses that you are not making a good return on those expense dollars. And use that to in turn fund the things that are going to allow you to filled up to your scale in the fee businesses and play offense.
Bruce Van Saun: And I just on add the license banker program we are probably somewhere around 370 today trying to get to 600. So we are maybe 65% of the way through getting that up to scale. Second point on the middle market. That is a very attractive area for commercial banks to play in. Often you can really -- it is a small -- either small syndicate or you are the sole banking relationship and so you get a fair amount of cross sale that goes with those relationships. And so what we've tried to do is focus more on account acquisition there is a huge number of middle market companies in our footprint. And I think we probably, we've been building up coverage offices, we haven't had pure kind of what we call BDO a real sales oriented calling program. And so we are putting that in place. We are hiring up about 15 people to actually pursue more new account acquisition. And then we are also making sure we are running surveillance on existing back book customers where they might have a high interest rate, might be susceptible to refinancing with us or away from us and I am trying to make sure that we have the back door closed as well. We are seeing some signs of progress on both elements of that. I think the overall originations were up in Q1. The pipeline looks good for Q2. So again I think we are shading that one Amber just because under kind of the rules of the road for kind of this color coding. If we are trying to gain market share in an area that's one that you just have to monitor more carefully but I am actually pleased with some of the steps that we've taken to combat some of the competitive forces and we are starting to show progress from those steps.
Bruce Van Saun: And the other thing Brad too, in auto we've now got much more sophisticated platform with many more pricing sale. I think we've gone from 160,000 or something like ridiculous multiple so we are able to actually price very precisely for the risk that we are taking and get little more yield out of that. So, Matt, the short answer to that really organic. We had SCUSA as a kind of jump start to get fastens in the prime but our organic book is migrating very quickly to the places we want to see it.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, sure. So big picture, those initiatives I would say fall into three buckets. There is some additional expense initiative that we can take more around kind of the organizational design. There are some pricing initiatives in areas where we have complex price structure for example like cash management. And then there are some overall revenue initiatives that really focus on maximizing our distribution channels and retention of our best customers. Whereas our first broad program, we call that Top 1 was a number of -- a vast number of relatively modest initiatives with a few big ones thrown in. The Top 2 if we are going to call this, this new initiative Top 2 is just kind of up to maybe a dozen larger initiatives that are more complex and take more time to basically figure out and design and then project manage. We part some of these initiatives when we went through the first program just to get the first program off the ground and start to get the benefits flowing in. And so now we've gone back and we are doing the work to develop these other ideas. And so there are fewer but bigger impact ideas. For example on the expense side of equation, we are looking at what we are calling ops transformation which is kind of looking at the Ryman reasons of how we are organized to see if we can gain some efficiencies. We also think there is more opportunity in kind of vendor consolidation and vendor management which was part of Top 1 but I think there is more bites to the apple on that one. On the revenue side, I mentioned that looking at how to keep your best customers in the bank and then also how to cross sell better using all your channels fully. We've engaged some consultants who have been in another shops in our peers and had some success and I think there is no reason why some of those programs can't be very effective here as well. So that would be some of the color, Matt. But as it was on the road show when people wish I had all the answers and all the details. I didn't -- I think we are making progress and getting a clear picture on these things. But we don't really have the full details to go into today.
Bruce Van Saun: I think that just be a good management. I think one of the things that having Eric here now given his background as Global Treasurer of Citi, he certainly understands balance sheet quite well. And so having a fresh set of eyes is to how we are going about our deposit raising strategies, how are we pricing our assets and looking at the risk appetite in a business mix, is there more that we can do kind of squeeze out NIM improvements. I think that's good first thing for Eric to sink his teeth into.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. Look I think we are pretty strong, pretty evenly distributed in terms of our success. I would say in the first quarter the North East was probably hit the hardest with some of the weather concerns. I don't want to use the weather as an excuse but I think factoring into that seasonality we probably lost two or three productive days in the branches and kind of the New England region. And not so much in the Mid Atlantic and in the Mid West. New England was hit pretty hard but we do a very comprehensive evaluation of the entire, all the branches in the system and looking at in the footprint, and we force rank and see how things are doing and I think we have -- there is no kind of big variances from the mean. I think the New England and Mid Atlantic and the kind of upper Mid West regions that we have are all kind of pretty tightly punched. I don't know Brad if you want to add anything.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, some of the costs that are coming in Q2 are really around rebranding. Last stages of separation cost from RBS, the Charter One science coming down and the Citizens unified brand around Citizens. So I don't think there is any direct link to the expense forecast although what I would say is that we are working on the forward view of trying to keep expenses as slight as possible. So there is a constant stream of initiatives and efficiency initiatives that's taking place. And then to Ken's first question, there is reinvestment going back in the growth areas. So I think we are -- we still have a very positive view towards expense management, the rest of this year and the one wild card I think that are some of those extra levers that we talked about. If we can get ops transformation geared up that could create some additional benefits to the equation as well as the vendor initiatives that we are taking. So stay tuned.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. I mean that's kind of legend out there. I don't quite understand it because from the get go when we laid our plan we said that we would use loan purchases kind of in the beginning of our turnaround plan to use capacity we had on our balance sheet until we were able to build up our own capabilities. In which case we would get the origination to the levels that made sense within our strategy. And so if you look at I think where we were last year to where we are now in the current quarter, we had probably three quarters of the overall and slightly more, exactly close to the 80% of our loan growth was organic. And I think it was 22% or 23% was purchase. So the purchases that we are doing now really the SCUSA agreement are one. We purchased $2 billion in auto last year. We said in the prepared remarks that we are going to target that at $1.5 billion this year because we are seeing I think really good growth in organic auto as dealers increasingly accept us to handle the full credit spectrum including prime customer. So SCUSA was always viewed as a bridge until we were in that position. And so we are seeing the fruits of our investment there. And then also in student, we are a bit surprised to be upside about the take up on this refi product. And so we have I think we outperformed our expectations in terms of student growth as well. And occasionally there will be some portfolios that we can buy like we did a tuck-in one in Q1. But even with that tuck-in we still were predominantly organic. And I think over time you will see as we move into 2016. There is an open question as to how much SCUSA will need. But I don't really us needing to do much anywhere else.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, I think in explaining our plan one of the things that we did initially was we benched ourselves in terms of measures to assets to scale. So if you look at our expense load to deposits or to assets, we are actually quite good relative to peers. And I think we are at the bottom at the first quartile. And if you look at revenue productivity relative on the same measure, we got revenue also. So we were making enough income of the balance sheet. Our fee businesses were not at scale. So hypothesis coming in when I came across was we think we have the right level of expenses but we probably aren't spending those expenses where we need to. So let's go attack that. That was the basis for the $200 million. And then let's self fund the investments that we need to get more originators so we can drive more asset growth. And fee businesses is like mortgage, like wealth, like capital markets, up to a scale level so that we could bring the cash register on fee opportunities that go with the size of our loan book and a size of our branch infrastructure et cetera. So that's the real objective here is to get the revenues growing at a faster clip to grow into the potential of the franchise while keeping expenses very muted. I don't think there is a different strategy; alternate of saying could you just start whacking the expense base down. And that's a way to propel yourself to the 10%. I don't think there is enough in that to actually do it. And even if you could do it, it wouldn't put in a sustainable position where you really maximizing the benefit of the franchise. So that's kind of how we set it up. And I still think that holds. Having said that we will be very vigilant and constantly looking for ways of continuous improvement. How can we be more effective and how we serve our customers and more efficient and how we do that at the same time. And that's the mindset that we are trying to instill within the company.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. No. We have been approved for was $500 million and what we have said is that we want to do that front loaded. So we did as part as front loaded just you can't buying back on April 1, the first $250 million. And I think in the Q3, we are planning to do kind of the next $250 million very early in July. That basically leaves us no dry powder until the next CCAR cycle. And so we have -- our dividend in place, we have asset growth in place but over this period that we were approved to do the $500 million, we will do that $500 million quickly.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. I guess what I would say to that is the last $250 million was really part of what we refer to as our conversion transaction. So when originally we had converted all of the capital securities to equity and now we are trying to put the leverage back in the capital structure. And the number we were targeting was $2.75 billion. With this $500 million that just been approved we've had -- that will be $2.5 billion. So that leaves $250 million. We didn't say that was all we would do. That was just kind of the tail of the overall transaction for the conversion transactions. We've targeted an 11% set one ratio by the end of 2016. And we will just have to see kind of what kind of asset growth opportunities we have. We will have to see is 11% still an appropriate number. Is there an opportunity to basically move that down if our peers are lower than that number which they are today? So there are a number of things that would come into play when we consider the next CCAR submission in terms of what we want to do in total. So I would just simply say that the $250 million is kind of lock because it completes the program. And then what else we do is depended on the future circumstances.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, I would say the parent launch just was very recent so there is really nothing to reflect at this point. It is the refi product has been very, very strong. So I think we are first to market on that product. And it has been take --had a very good market reception. And then there is a traditional what we call our true fit product which was the student loan for students who are going to college. And that is a seasonal product that tends to be taken down not in the first quarter. So when you look at the mix of what happened in the first quarter is really the lift in this refi product is providing the impetus. And if you then forecast out Q2 would be similar. We have a very big pipeline on that refi product as we look into Q2.
Bruce Van Saun: Very, very little. I mean I would say none. I don't know if you could say anything on but technically none but it is certainly less than 3% or something. We are not intending to play in sub prime. We historically played in super prime. We are migrating into prime but that's still very good credit quality paper.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, we are actually closer to 360, 370 but we intend to get there by the end of 2016. So all the goal post in terms of getting mortgage loan officers from 350 to 700, licensed bankers from 300 to 600. Those are all targeted to deliver by the end of 2016.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, I think again going -- I don't know if you heard me talk about the tier strategies but it is probably easier at the lower tier because you are presenting opportunities and training for people in many cases. When you get into the FCs, a lot of those people have a comfort zone kind of where they are. And we don't want just compete on price the way some of the independent broker dealers do. So someone who moves has to move their clients with them and there will be some leakage from that. And they have to weigh that versus if they come to your branches how good is the lead generation and the opportunity to build their book with us. And so that's the calibration that goes through when people decide whether they are going to move or not.
Bruce Van Saun: I think what we are successful in bringing in people overall given that we are playing offence, so we try to build the business. We have I think an ability to warehouse, we are taking jumbo mortgages on to our books. We have a fairly broad product capability, so we can do the things that folks find attractive to serve customers well. And so and we've attracted some strong sales leadership into the house. So I think those things are going well for us. And we just have to get better as Brad said in making sure that when people come they can get their production right up to the levels and they can be effective on platform and we can keep him here. So we had a little issue with attrition but I think overall we are heading in the right direction. We are kind of getting close to the kind of 450 mark and we started at 350. And we are on our way to 700. We got-- we did 42 in Q4, 29 this quarter. You kind of -- if you math outwear we need to be, we got be kind of reproducing these quarters on a consistent basis. We got be putting in 35 to 40 people per quarter for the next seven quarters to get that 700 mark.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. I think it is always fairly competitive market. We hadn't played in a while as part of our RBS and so we've just kind of put some oxygen back in the system with some higher limits and some real targeted strategies where we wanted to grow. And I think we focused more on the high end project so institutional investors who are well known, that's one area the high end office market. We've also done a good job looking after REIT and so that may not be the highest yielding portfolio but the credit quality is very good. And the cross sale for other products and services is high. And I think we have to also look at where other opportunities to play where we can pick up a better yield because we simply stay fully at that end of the market, we won't make the kind of overall yield on our commercial real estate. That something that we are looking at gradually building that up and building up a little bucket of higher yielding stuff that we still think is very safe from a credit standpoint. So that's what we are focused on.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. Ken, that was really a one off that energy book was just a clean up of RBS and Citizens separating and I think that activity should have always been in Citizens, a reserve based lending business is more of bank business and investment bank business. But RBS was there first and so as they reconsider their strategy and now they are focused, they said look this you always wanted this, this should your so we move that across. I don't really think we will do any loan acquisitions on the commercial side because we've been growing that 8% to 10% organically for a consistent period of time, four, five years. And we are on that trajectory again this year. So I wouldn't see it there. On the consumer side, we've used whole loan purchases last year before we were able to start building up our mortgage loan officers. We've also use the SCUSA as a bridge till we build up our own bigger auto capabilities in prime. And occasionally we will see a student book that we like. We bought I think $50 million one in last year. We maybe bought a $201 million in this first quarter but we also sold some we try to get rid some of the FELP exposure that we have. So net-net I think we are adding -- we haven't added any real loans net in student from a purchase standpoint. So we will be opportunistic. I think one of the things we found in a low spread environment is when we enter into these flow agreement for people who want to use a balance sheet, there is not enough vig in it to pay the servicing fees away and then also for us to make a good return. So I think again we are migrating towards having the capabilities to pro loans at the pace we want organically.
Bruce Van Saun: I think we've made all of the policy changes that put a square on the side of the regulators. And good business practice. We've also made certain adjustments to kind of over drafting for small items under $5 that we don't think it is right that our customer should pay overdraft fee on that. So all of those changes are in the run rate. So the only thing that really in the comps you looked that on service charges in the first quarter last year we had Chicago in the number. So it doesn't look like we grown but we actually have grown the service charges 2% on an underlying basis. And then in Q4 going to Q1, you just have seasonality and we would expect to see that recover in Q2 quite nicely.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for dialing in today. Again, I think we are continuing to execute well against all of our initiatives and feel that we delivered another solid quarter and we look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress. Thank you and have a good day.
Brad Conner: Yes. Bruce, I think you said it extremely well. And the only thing I would probably add is there is -- we've seen a big untapped need in the market place. So you talked about it I think our refinance product really hits the need in the market place as a lot of other folks have exited. That need was out there and we don't really think like a traditional student loan product. These are borrowers who are out of school. They are in their early 30s. The profile of the customer that we are getting in sort of the 785 FICO score, someone in their early 30. They have established themselves so they are really great customer for the bank. And just very few people playing in the space, very attractive customers, and very attractive returns. So just a good market place opportunity.
Brad Conner: Yes, Bruce. Another well said, another job well said. The only thing I would add is so part of that question was so how do you breakthrough. It has been hand-to-hand combat with the financial consultants and as you said we didn't really make a lot of progress. But the one opportunity for us to breakthrough is for us the license banker program is really a brand new program. So we are less than a year at the end of licensed banker program. And while we had difficult time getting net growth out of the financial consultants just from pointing from the outside, the view that license banker program can become a very attractive feeder program for our financial consultant as it gets more seasoned. So I think that is the opportunity going forward is that we transition --
Brad Conner: Which we have in our hand the opportunity until we build the license banker program. So I think that's the one.
Brad Conner: Yes. I have little bit to add. And really most of the improvement in NIM is coming for the organic origination. So we have talked about this quite a bit in auto. We've gone to a more main stream prime credit spectrum as opposed to just link and super prime and what that's done is driven our origination yields are up significantly over the organic portfolio. And in student what happen is as we originate more organic production like the education refinance product, our historic student loan portfolio had some felt loan and things like that and that help to drive it up.
Brad Conner: No. You said exactly right, Bruce. I mean little bit of slowness in New England from the weather but other than that no real trends geographically that stand now, yes.
Brad Conner: And then Q3 will be a little more balanced with the true-fit because that will be the seasonal piece.
Brad Conner: Yes. We actually offer multiple terms and it is about 60% fixed, 40% in variable but we do offer various terms on the product and --
Brad Conner: Yes. I would say we've had good success hiring and you have seen your net -- we've been net growing and we had good success hiring, I would say one of the things that we-- that has happened as we have seen a little bit higher attrition rate of our loan officers than we had expected. But overall we are having good success hiring. It is competitive market place out there; application volume has been really strong for the first quarter. So we've got nice pipeline building. And again it is like lot of the other sales job family, it is just lot of competition in the market place for good talented people.
Eric Aboaf: Matt, good question. What is attractive about this franchise from my perspective is we have a very effective ability to drive origination through our organic channels like as you kind of highlight whether it is auto, whether student, and it gives us an ability to actually drive those a little more quickly and actually offset some of the natural compression that we get from some of the longer duration product like mortgages which invariably have yield compression. So when we are seeing is really a mix effect here that is boosting the yield. We've got mortgage yields in the portfolio roughly down about 20 basis points year-over-year for example. And we have auto on the other hand up about 30 basis points. We have student up a good bit as well. And so what we are seeing is ability to kind of average up the yield and kind of defends the NIM as we have described.
Eric Aboaf: Matt, it is Eric. The other thing that we are -- we become more intense on doing is actually tracking the organic and the acquisition mix of growth right. Because it is important that we can drive that organically our own tool processes, sales force and so forth and so if you kind of step back and look at the mix, the mix of organic growth this quarter, this quarter it was about 60:40 right. That's offer good bid from where it might have been two, three, four quarters ago. And we kind of like that mix because it gives us a little more control on the credit, a little more control yield. And I think is a kind of more reliable engine of growth for us.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. I think the commercial deposit opportunity is one that continues to be significant for us right. We are up in deposit from the commercial side 26% year-over-year largely because we never really try to grow deposit there. Right the bank, they thought they have been deposit on the consumer side. We made commercial loans that actually in a way create quite a bit opportunity. A lot of which you saw over the last year. And what we continue to do is now go down the next level of detail which is what industry segment in which geographies or either a little more credit needy and so we can try middle market or which of them are more cash rich or which of them have both, right. And that's the kind of second and third level analytic that we can put to it. I think the good news is we have a very strong sales force and banker force out there who knows their customers extremely well. And we've been able to channel that energy and one of the things I will be doing more of it just focusing which segment, which sub segment which industry verticals and continue to find more opportunities out there.
Eric Aboaf: And Scott, Eric. Just to put that in context right. So we are at 75% or 80% organic today right quarter-over-quarter if you go a year ago it would have been 60:40, right, so we are kind of continuing move in that direction and that's part of our objective.
