Joe Jolson: Well you know it is cyclical as you know, and we’re in an up cycle and I think if you would go back over history you know once the cycle start they usually have a momentum that lasts for a year or two so I think it’s inevitable that at some point it all slowed down but I’ll let Carter you know may be elaborate on why we’re optimistic on – on the next 6 to 12 months you know for that business.
Joe Jolson: I mean just from a, forget about the cycle for a second, because may be we have another year or two to run after many years of being in a down cycle in that market. When you just look at the number of deals where you know the – run rate for the latest 12 months is still just back to the average as oppose to at any kind of peak level, but from a secular point of view it been in a negative trend for more than a decade because of a lot of – regulatory changes you know as well as essentially the acquisition of the entire you know small-cap middle market brokerage group in the late 90s or early 2000 right where all those companies including our former company got acquired. And, you know so that kind of heard smaller IPOs I’ll just say that is not talked about a lot and Carter mentioned his remarks the jobs at which by the way Carter was one of that three industry representatives on that committee that reviewed that made those recommendations that got adopted by through congress surprisingly. But, excuse me, but that’s been a much bigger factor for smaller cap IPOs than people realize I mean, for a company to go public now they don’t have to take the risk of being obviously on file for six to nine months while the – and see what the market does, they can file confidentially and wait around a lot longer and – and essentially before they actually go public they have to put it you know uncloak from the cloaking device of confidentiality for just 21 days I think right Carter and so.
Joe Jolson: So I mean I think that – that’s been a big change in the last year in terms of the smaller cap IPOs.
Joe Jolson: So again I think that there has been a secular change and then of course they pass their, a change in the Sarb-Ox rules around the same time too they give companies that are smaller yeah that going public five year window before they have to – have to response you know they have to be publicly complying it with Sarb-Ox so that’s been helpful. So I think that’s a big change. And you know and after more than a decade of a secular downturn you know it’s a welcome relief for happy to see you that the business is turning here.
Joe Jolson: On the M&A side you know I mean we get affected by general market you know issues like some of the – no the more guys that are more if you replace on that that would hopefully trade but we’re not smaller cap and it’s then they are our average M&A deal when consideration is around a $100 million and so, other than kind of fraud market disruptions that occur from time to time, you know our issue was really the better off spread you know between doing a transaction and – and I think that that got affected a little bit with the tax law change you know starting this year but it’s kind of normalized now as the years gone along. So we’re you know we do get affected somewhat by you know these broader things that impact the bigger cap company M&A trends, but generally speaking we’re – we’re in the lower middle market kind of niche there. so it’s a little bit less cyclical.
Joe Jolson: Well remember that you know of that let’s call it a $600 million kind of number that we have in our hedge funds you know over half of that’s in our small cap fund and – and of the $600 million not all of it is the contractually obligated to pay a full incentive fee whereas, in our small cap fund at all was. So that line item for us varies really from quarter-to-quarter when it has big swings by the performance of our small cap fund. And you know either a really good first quarter which is why incentive fees were so high it was up in the second quarter but not as – not a lot and which is why it went down and first quarter – and not as good as the first quarter but the first quarter as well so it’s kind of hard to predict that quarter-to-quarter and since he’s been close the new capital for 6 years now that probably not going to be growing you know in a – you know and there is no underlying growth rate in AUM there because you know continues to return capital to investors. So I think that’s just going to bounce around quarter-to-quarter now what’s might dry that up more over a longer period of time is raising more money for other funds and you know we’re trying and we have raised some money for other funds, but generally speaking I’d say 70% of not more of our carried interest opportunity resides in the funds managed by our small cap fund. It’s so it’s not seasonal you know it’s just return driven and – and there is really hard quarter-to-quarter there is not – is not correlated to the markets then or anything else which is good for a hedge fund manager but not so good for an analyst trying to project the quarterly revenues for that.
Joe Jolson: No, the growth in a year we kind of out – at the end of last year we talked about you know that one up to $0.20 that we got might be the cost this year and then may be something like that or less next year depending on availability of M&A bankers kind of thing. And we’re you know on track there we’re not coming in over that budget but the holding companies paying for that so essentially you know there is no real revenues attached to that this year right. So a big chunk of the increase in kind of the comp ratio is just related to that money that we had been pending to higher people ahead of revenues right. And we’re really excited about the quality of the people that had joined the company this year and we’ve actually you know hired a number of people that haven’t added to employees because some of them had been upgrading seats type of thing. So it’s a lot more than just the employee growth, but I think that the – added 3 percentages points or 4 percentage points to the comp ratio this year and that’s kind of straight line by quarter. So it – it’s the same number each quarter no matter what the revenues are I think. So it can be, move that comp ratio little bit quarter-to-quarter. And then you know, investment income has been below plan this year and you know obviously that should and does have our lowest comp ratio which you know the time planning would tend to take that yearly number closer to 60% by you know in our range we talked about 60 to 65, and so we’ll see what the fourth quarter’s like for investing income but that’s been a driver of it as well. So I think we’re still year-to-date around the high end of that range and I think unless we have a bad investment quarter in the fourth quarter there is no reason to think for the year it will be above you know materially above that number or anything, but that’s that what affected in the third quarter.
Joe Jolson: Okay, we appreciate the interest in our company as always. And we’re available for any follow-up questions that anyone might have. And we look forward to giving an update on how the year ended up in early February I guess. Take care.
