Sean Burke: Thank you, Kevin. Net interest margin increased 2 basis points to 2.73% quarter-over-quarter despite an elevated average cash position in the second quarter. We continued to benefit from previous Fed rate cuts and saw our cost of interest-bearing deposits declined 46 basis points during the quarter. Total loan balances increased $76 million quarter-over-quarter, inclusive of $453 million of loans from the acquisition of Gold Coast and $329 million of PPP loans. Deposits increased $1.3 billion or 7% quarter-over-quarter, with noninterest-bearing deposits up $618 million or 26% quarter-over-quarter. Total noninterest income totaled $10.1 million for the quarter, a decline of $4.5 million quarter-over-quarter. The decrease was driven by a $2.6 million MSR write-down, a $1 million reduction in swap income and lower loan and deposit fees as a result of COVID fee relief policies. Excluding $3.3 million of Gold Coast-related costs, expenses totaled $96.7 million for the 3 months ended June 30, 2020, a decrease of $5.8 million or 6% compared to the 3 months ended March 31. Our reported efficiency ratio improved to 52% from 55% in Q1, reflecting a modest increase in revenue and a decrease in noninterest expense. Provision for credit losses was $33.3 million for the 3 months ended June 30 compared to $31 million for the 3 months ended March 31. Both periods were significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our CECL economic forecast scenarios for the second quarter included a double dip recession scenario where GDP and unemployment further deteriorate in Q4, and unemployment remains in double-digit territory for most of 2022. Asset quality, liquidity and capital were in a strong position at quarter end as we continue through this environment. Non-accrual loans represented 0.59% of total loans at June 30 compared to 0.46% at March 31, while our allowance for credit losses to loans stood at 1.37% at June 30. Our Common Equity Tier 1 ratio was 13% at June 30, exceeding the well-capitalized level by approximately $1.2 billion. Liquidity improved quarter-over-quarter as our loan-to-deposit ratio stood at 110% at quarter end, down from 117% in Q1. Finally, I would like to note that additional information on loan deferrals can be found in an 8-K that we filed last night. Now I’d like to turn it back over to Kevin for concluding remarks.
Sean Burke: Yeah, Mark, by quarter end, by June 30, you could see that our cash position had come down nicely from the average balance that you saw during the quarter. So to a large degree, it has come off already. And we’re expecting to kind of have that number, average cash balance in the $500 million range come the end of next quarter. And then by the end of the following quarter, we think we’ll be back to a normalized level from a cash position perspective.
Sean Burke: So the answer is yes. But, Laurie, we only have $329 million of PPP loans. So it really is not that impactful on our margin as a whole. And I think our expectation is, around 75% of that PPP balance, we are expecting that to cure within a year’s period, and then the remainder 25% is going to come in over a 5-year period. So that averages to about a couple of years, at least that’s our assumption that we’re using when we do modeling for margin purposes. But again, Laurie, even if you kind of stripped it out with or without, it probably is very negligible, 1 or 2 basis points impact on the margin.
Sean Burke: That fees were approximately $8 million. So that is the potential. I’ll say if they’re all paid off next week, it’d be $8 million of their interest revenue.
Sean Burke: Yeah, look, on the OpEx guide, we were high as it turns out. And I think the largest driver of that is just this pandemic. We just don’t have the type of expenses that we would normally experience when people are traveling and loan officers are out generating loans. And so, I think we’re benefiting from the lack of expenses on that side. As we look through the back half of the year, we don’t have anything, Collyn, necessarily planned. It’s going to meaningfully increase expenses from the base that we’re at now. So I think it’s safe to say that the guide that we’re providing at $435 million, that we’re not going to be at that number. We’re going to be south of that. I was thinking about something in the $410 million range is probably more reasonable level right now. I’d probably have a little bit of buffer in that, too, Collyn, just for some of the unknown as we go through the back half of the year, but nothing planned on the docket that’s going to throw off expenses in the back-half of the year meaningfully.
Sean Burke: I can get you the breakout, Collyn. But it’s primarily 2 categories. One is data processing. So termination, there’s some cost on the Fiserv side, and then also professional fees, banker fee, legal fees. I actually think that’s the bulk, but I can get back to you, Collyn, on the breakout.
Kevin Cummings: Okay. Thanks, Sean. Our message at the bank is to be faithful and not fearful. We need to be a source of hope and optimism in our communities. All our branches are open at full-service at regular hours. At the height of the pandemic, we had 48 employee cases. And thank goodness, thank god, today, we do not have any. We are taking all precautions to protect our customers and employees. We have close to 50% of our corporate employees back to the office, and it’s very good for me to see them healthy and strong, willing to return and lead our communities back to some form of normalcy. I visited a branch yesterday and listened to their challenges during the height of this pandemic here in New Jersey. Our retail teams are engaged and excited to be working and more importantly, helping their customers and communities through this pandemic. The past 4 months have not been easy, but we have faced the challenge and continue to get stronger and more adaptable as we navigate the changes from these unprecedented events. If we get some stabilization in the macroeconomic climate, which will then impact our economic models, we can have a much stronger second half of 2020. We’ve been aggressive in calling on our loan customers, and have a war room type attitude to monitoring our credit exposures with great teamwork from our front-line loan officers and our credit risk team. This crisis is different from 2008’s Great Recession as the banking industry is stronger with better capital to sustain the economic downturn. Investors Bank is also stronger and better prepared for these events. And I am much more optimistic than I was in April when there was so much uncertainty. Our medical professionals and healthcare workers have been outstanding. And I’ve learned a lot about the treatment of this virus. And we are in a better position to monitor and treat this terrible pandemic. Our earnings per share is flat to last year after taking $36 million in additional provisions in the quarter. Our balance sheet and capital are strong, and we are well positioned to grow as the economy improves. Now, I’d like to turn it over to questions.
Kevin Cummings: Mark, I don’t know if I would completely agree with that. But what I would comment is, we are expecting our margin to be stable with a bias to slightly up through year-end.
Kevin Cummings: Laurie, if we – we made a comment, we had a discussion last week, if we don’t change the way we do business as a result of this pandemic, we’ve wasted a lot of time, effort and sweat, tears over this last 5 months. So I think there’s going to be significant changes on the horizon as we move forward and customer behaviors change as a result of this pandemic. Luckily, we’re in a position where we made significant investments in our technology and our products. And over the last in 2018 and 2019 with a new Chief Marketing Officer, and that’s paying off for us in spades as we work through this situation.
Kevin Cummings: We can get back to you on that number. I think it’s – like in my mind, it’s like less than $50 million restaurant exposure, it’s much less than that. So we will get back to you offline on that.
Kevin Cummings: Well, Matt, some of my commentary on the macroeconomics. You deal with the model now. And it’s a little difficult to forecast that future based on the inputs that may be changing over the next couple of months. We got asked by our regulators in a meeting the other day, and it could be down to $15 million and up to $50 million in the course of that range. It’s a truck – you can drive truck to the range, and to give guidance on that, in things that really are not in our control based on the life of the loan and the new CECL mandates, it’s very, very difficult to forecast. But I think where we are, I think we feel very comfortable with our reserve today.
Kevin Cummings: Jared, we’re in a unique situation here, because we’re in a real world without the CARES Act and the change in treating non-paying customers. We would have significant TDRs, troubled debt restructurings, and non-accruals. And it’s amazing that the general market conditions in the stock market, things don’t really take that into account. It’s going to be something like I said earlier, it’s going to be some difficult discussions once this second deferral period ends up, and we might be dealing with, say, anywhere from $300 million to $400 million of loans that might not come off with that hotel group. So we’re already talking with them and working on plans post second deferral. And we’re hopefully going to be in a better position, because we’re proactively reaching out to the customers and tell them, it’s going to be a while before people go into New York City to go to a flight, it’d be a while before people are traveling the way we were pre-pandemic. So when you put all those things together, there’s still some uncertainty, but I think we’re making the best of a tough situation.
Kevin Cummings: Well, anecdotally, Steve, I’ve been out on some calls, a college up in New England, up in Massachusetts, 2 very large not-for-profits, where we won, on one of those not-for-profits we had the business. And we’ve taken out one of the national banks, and the cash management procedures and the deposits are a big part of that product offering to that particular customer, and it’s a sizable loan line of credit of $8 million. And the other 2 situation, one’s a $32 million loan, and the other one is a $40 million loan. And it’s really, we won the business, but it’s a pricing issue on whether we can get to a reasonable return for us dealing with swaps and things like that. So I think the business we’re out there. Our guys – we recently hired 5 significant well-experienced loan officers. We’ve also continued to build out that business development team that we talked about on previous calls. Both these groups were so helpful in that PPP process, I mean. And we’ve gotten through that with a lot of more experienced bankers. And that’s why we’re encouraging people to get back. We have 50% of our staff back in the corporate offices. And getting back to normalcy is really what we’re striving to do to generate more core deposits. And that gets back to that strategy question before. Like I said, we don’t want to change our strategy but we’re certainly going to be optimistic and take advantage of situations where like multifamily and residential, good credit products are available to us at average yield. And we’re also looking at this opportunity to move out some of our funding for the use of cash flow swaps, and that’s been – we’ve been opportunistic using some of those tools to lock down some of our funding and become less liability-sensitive as we anticipate rates going up and not going down any further with the Fed position and our position to negative rates.
Kevin Cummings: Okay. Thanks, Nick. First of all, I’d like to thank you for your participation today. This may sound strange, but the past 5 months have been an adrenaline rush for me as our Executive Team, as it is – every day has been an adventure. The days are long, but the weeks fly by, and I’m very proud to be working with our leadership team at the bank and the great team of employees who have stepped up to help various not-for-profits, our customers and just generally people in need. As the famous quote states, adversity and crisis do not build character, they reveal it. And character is the first of our core values, 4Cs: Character, Commitment, Cooperation and Community. And these values and the core values of this country will carry us through this crisis. I know it may look dark with all the disagreements in the world and in Washington, but we need to be faithful and not fearful, hopeful and optimistic. We need to stay healthy and help each other through this time. I want you all to please stay healthy and follow CDC guidelines. So it’s good to say, wear a mask and stay away from crowds.
Kevin Cummings: And wash your hands, right. Let’s pray for each other and inspire each other in our daily work and look for magical moments to help each other to be the very best version of ourselves during this crisis as we make this journey together. And always remember, the journey is the destination. Thanks, again, for your participation today. I look forward to the day that we can be out on the road visiting with some of you. Enjoy your summer. Enjoy the baseball season, the basketball and hockey seasons. They’re starting tonight and have started over the past week. It’s another step back to normalcy and let’s continue to pray for a cure to this dreadful virus. Be strong, be safe and God bless. Have a great day and thank you very much for your participation.
Domenick Cama: I think – yeah, I know, I think for the most part the customers were willing to come off the deferrals. But we did put a policy in place in which we made it a little bit tougher to get a second deferral. We asked for income/expense, P&L statements. We’ve looked at their debt service coverage. In some cases, in exchange for getting the second deferral, we would ask them to put up a cash reserve or even put a guarantee on loans. And so, as I said, for the most part, customers were willing to come off. But clearly, our second deferral policy is to be a little tougher and to scrutinize the deferral request a little bit more than we did the first time.
Domenick Cama: Yes. Mark, I think we’ve been open with this information. I mean, what we’re noticing is not too dissimilar to what we see in the rest of the market. In the multifamily space, I would say that average collections of rents are north of 85%. On the commercial real estate side, I would say that, that number is about 50%. But again, on multifamily, it’s been stronger than commercial real estate.
Domenick Cama: Laurie, it’s Domenick. Yeah, we are looking at branch rationalization. Obviously, consumers and business customers have taken better hold of online and mobile banking services. So that’s giving us an opportunity to look at our branches to see where we may have some overlap. So, yeah, there’s some branch rationalization that we’re examining for 2020.
Domenick Cama: I think, Laurie, the way to think about it is just at a very high level. And Kevin gave the number at about $750 million. So what we’re expecting is, when this is all said and done, that we’ll have about $750 million in deferrals that we’ll be working with.
Domenick Cama: It’s overwhelmingly in favor of the hotels. I mean, I think it’s – we don’t have an exact dollar amount, Laurie, but it is predominantly hotel.
Domenick Cama: Collyn, it’s some – we’ve just recently opened up our lending to a greater degree. We came into 2020 with a strategic plan intended to reduce residential and multifamily. And certainly, that’s happened and our pipelines were reduced coming into the first quarter. Then the pandemic hit. And I would say that we were more cautious on lending and so did not see a lot of loans closed during the March, April and May timeframe. As credit spreads started to widen, we recognized that we could put on residential and multifamily at a decent spread and which would be – which would contribute to net interest margin. And so those pipelines now have started to build and right now, we’re looking at a pipeline of about $2.4 billion, if you include $400 million for residential loans. So C&I is about an $800 million pipeline. CRE is about $1.2 billion in pipeline. And I know that’s a long-winded answer to tell you that I’m not really sure where loan growth is going to be. I mean, if I took PPP and I took Gold Coast off the table for a moment, the loan actually declined about $700 million. So I’m hoping that we could get that back and keep the balance sheet stable and neutral for the rest of this year. So having said that, that would mean that I would stay at around the $27 billion mark, as we head into the end of the year.
Domenick Cama: Yeah. The – Hey, Collyn, it’s Domenick. The – on the cost of deposits coming in now, I mean, we have a product out there, a money market account that’s tied to our core checking account that requires activities and certain number of online deposits and things like that. And that cost is at 75 basis points right now. That’s what we’re advertising. We have a 13-month product out there at 85 basis points and a 7-month product out there at 60 basis points. And quite honestly, just been talking about it the last few days, we see those numbers as being towards the higher end of the market. So we see that coming down somewhat. But I wanted to go back to Kevin’s comment about the maturing CDs. I mean, it’s significant. It’s close to $1 billion, $900 million. If you look at it through the end of the year with the weighted average cost of, let’s call it, 1.60-ish. And so that should help NIM coming into the third and fourth quarter. As far as our projections in being light on where that is, I mean, clearly, there’s a lot dependent on where NIM is going to go. These cash balances have been a burden on us. To the extent that we continue to shrink, it could mitigate any potential benefit. But on the loan side, I mean, we’re seeing rates between resi and C&I going anywhere from 3 3/8% to 3 5/8%. So that’s – so if you think about the incremental cost of funds here being somewhere around, let’s call it, 40 to 60 basis points, we’re looking at spreads north of 300 basis points, which will be additive to NIM as we head and go into the third and fourth quarter, obviously, offset by any cash balances that we continue to maintain.
Domenick Cama: The – Collyn, our mortgage banking business, I mean, we just had a meeting on this, this morning. I mean, right now, our pipeline is about $400 million, and about 50% of it is slated to be sold to the agencies. It’s amazing to me. We looked at the pricing this morning and 2 7/8% 30-year mortgages can be sold to Fannie at a price of north of 3 points, which when you compare that to where we’ve been historically, let’s say, over the last 18 months, I mean, that spread has – was about 1.5. So it’s gone from 1.5 to north of 3 over an 18-month period, and the coupons have come down to 2 7/8%. To answer your question in terms of where could this go for us, it’s hard to say. I mean, we’re just trying to – we’re not out there actively having a mortgage banking business. We’re just trying to manage our own customer base and generate some commissions for our loan officers. So it’s not the type of thing that we’re going to build up or make any significant investment in. We’re just kind of reaping the rewards of the current interest rate environment and the impact it’s having on mortgage banking.
Domenick Cama: So Matt, that’s a very good point. It’s something that we’ve looked at. Actually, it’s not as strong on the residential side as it has been on the commercial side. So on the residential side, we had approximately $600 million of loans that were deferred. And when we look at those that were coming due in July, that totaled approximately $352 million. Of the $352 million, 34% have cured, right. So that’s about $140 million. And 65% have asked for a second deferral. So you can see on the resi side, it’s not as strong as it has been on the commercial side.
Domenick Cama: It is not as strenuous. What’s happening there, Matt, is we are trying to follow the Fannie guidelines on that. And Fannie’s guidelines don’t push customers to provide the type or the level of detail that we can on the commercial side. So we’re a little hamstrung. Even though these loans are in our portfolio, and I guess, technically, we don’t have to abide by the Fannie guidelines. But I think not abiding by Fannie guidelines would probably hurt us just from a reputation perspective.
Domenick Cama: I don’t think so, Matt. I think we continue to – I think we run a well-diversified portfolio. I mean when you look at the ratios of multifamily loans, they’ve come down. I mean, we have – at $7.5 billion on multifamily, $5 billion on resi, $3.5 billion on C&I and about $5 billion on CRE. So that’s a pretty balanced book, I think. I mean, from the C&I perspective, we’re going to continue to try to grow that business. I mean because it’s not only the C&I loan that you put on your balance sheet. It’s also the deposit that comes with it, it’s the cash management fees that come with it. And quite frankly, when we compare our returns nationwide to banks in our peer group, and we see banks who are performing better than we are, again, pre-COVID, the one – the 2 pieces of data that are different in those banks versus our bank is that they have a greater percentage of their loan portfolio in C&I, and they have a greater percentage of their deposits in noninterest-bearing deposits. And so when I look at those 2 factors, they pretty clearly tell me that we can have a better return on equity and a better return on assets if we shift the strategy a little bit here, despite the fact that we’re here in the Northeast.
Domenick Cama: Yeah. I think that’s a fair assessment of where we want to be. If we can recover that $700 million, I think we would all feel pretty good about it.
Domenick Cama: Jared, again, I’d just go back to Kevin’s response earlier. I mean, it’s just so difficult to try to determine even to sit here and presume that there’s a better economy and loan growth. It’s just so hard to say. I mean, the CECL process is completely driven by the use of models that are forecasting the economy. And for us to sit here, try to determine what our provision is, is difficult. And I know it’s difficult for you, because you need to run your models and try to come up with some forecast, but it’s just hard for us to say.
Domenick Cama: Yeah. So we’re using a combination of the 3 of them, the 3 models, and we are assigning weights to the specific scenario. So we have weights assigned to the S3 version of Moody’s, S1 and what...
Domenick Cama: I can’t say that there’s one particular area that has been impacted more than the other. It feels less geographic and more asset class. And I think you could see that, Steve, in our 8-K, right, where you see the deferrals really focused on office and shopping centers, retail CRE and then also the accommodation in hotels, motels. So I think it’s more by industry than it is by geography.
Domenick Cama: Yeah. I mean, we’re not out there aggressively trying to win business. Obviously, we have a significant cash position right now. I think what they are trying to do is make sure that current customer base is taken care of, and it’s in line with the market and our own cost of funds is. But I wouldn’t say that we’re out there aggressively trying to bring deposits in at least on the wholesale side, which is where the treasury management team would be most involved.
Laurie Hunsicker: Okay. That’s helpful. Okay. And then, for the back half of the year, how should we be thinking about expenses? I mean, Gold is closed. Are you thinking about any branch rationalization or any color you can give us there? Thanks.
Laurie Hunsicker: Yes. So netting that out, it’s a really small number. And then, if you can just help us think about, because you’ve got your hotels and your food service combined, do you have a dollar balance on hotels and a dollar balance on restaurants? Or if not, I can follow-up…
Laurie Hunsicker: Okay. And then just one last quick question. Your $1.2 billion of office, do you have an LTV on that? Or I can follow up with you on that as well.
