Bruce Van Saun: Okay thanks, John. To sum up, again I think we had a terrific 2014. We’ve taken decisive steps to enhance our business model and improve our performance and our results reflect our steady progress. We’re well-positioned to continue this progress in 2015 and it really all bulks down to execution. Of course a little tailwind from rates and the economies would also be most welcome. So with that Brad, I think we’re done and we’re ready to take some questions. Question-and-Answer Session
Bruce Van Saun: Sure. If you recall the target of the 10% ROTCE was kind of the run rate as we leave the year in Q4. And when we did the ROTCE walk from 5% to 10% about 1.3% to 1.5% roughly related to that forward yield curve and I think the numbers that translated to was about 300 million of net interest income. That called for a 1.75 fed funds rate at the end of ’16 based on the forward curve we were using earlier in 2014. My guess is that we’ll have some increases and they’ll probably be maybe a little later than we originally anticipated and it may not go all the way to 1.75 by the end of ’16. One of the good news aspects though is that, benefit is frontend loaded so as you have the earlier rate rises, you have an ability to lag your deposits and so I think we’ll capture a good percentage of that as long as there is some movement. In terms of what can we do if it doesn’t -- if we don’t get that full benefit? Clearly what we’ve seen is that credit costs tend to also follow to some extent the path of rates. And so, if rates are a bit lower for longer than the stress on borrowers should be less, therefore we should potentially have some pickup on the credit cost of the equation, which is an unknown but I think it’s logical that that could be the case. And then on expenses, I mean working on the expense base is a way of life of us, so I think we’ve done a really good job to find a program that can deliver 200 in benefit. As you know we’re turning around and reinvesting a bunch of that in originators, and people close to customers we can drive more business volume and in technology, but basically we’ve done a pretty good job in the second half of the year, we’ve kept our expense growth reasonably flat and we’re getting that positive operating leverage. Is there more? There has to be more I mean I think we’re continuing to go farther up the tree from some of the things that we’ve put in with one of the program, but looking for ways to streamline, how we’re operating, trying to look at our vendor relationships, is there more we can squeeze out of our vendors. We have initiatives in place to keep turning over rocks and see what else that we can deliver.
Bruce Van Saun: I’ll start-off and then maybe John wants to chime in, but just in terms of the puts and takes, yes the positives as you point out having the swaps roll off that continues to create a benefit. Our efforts to try to grow the portfolio in areas that have evidence of little higher risk appetite, not a huge amount but a little in terms of moving for example into the prime space in some of our portfolios particularly auto that should create a bit of additional yield for us in growing commercial real estate and leverage lending books, selectively that should create a bit more yield for us. So, we’re working on ways to try to improve the yield on the portfolio through either risk appetite moves or mix of asset moves. So, those are the things I think that are going to be positive and obviously if we get some rate move that clearly in the second half of ’15 that clearly would help. We’ve seen in 2014 one of the headwinds particularly on the commercial book is in this low rate environment we’ve had customers looking to refinance, we can do that. The bigger company is going to the capital markets and then others just refinancing some of their facilities. We saw a fairly good dose of that in Q3, we didn’t see that much of it in Q4, but I think you have to keep your eye on that as we go through the year and if rates continue to stay this low that could pick up again. In reinvesting, the securities portfolio clearly you’ve got a roughly four year duration, which is tightened a bit, given the lower rates and so that might be back down at 3.5 years at this point and so you’ve left with some tough decisions as to whether you want to kind of extend in the current rate environment or you want to keep some powder dry, so we’re certainly working through that and that could potentially be a little bit of headwind, but we’ll have to see. We saw last year rates came down to this level briefly and then promptly motored back to 225 to 240 range, so it’s a little hard to call that one at this point, but that could be a headwind as well. So that’s what I would think are the puts and takes. John I don’t know if you want to add anything.
Bruce Van Saun: In fact I think we have Ken it’s Bruce maybe the fed funds rate the forward curve is about 65 basis points at the end of ’18. So there is some benefit in that which again provides solidity to the overall outlook. But this kind of lower for longer and kind of some payoffs on the commercial side and some of the reinvestment issues in the first half of the year I think are why you’d still have a broadly stable handle on the overall forecast.
Bruce Van Saun: And I’ll ask probably Brad to comment on a couple of the initiatives on the consumer side. So you are referring to Slide 15 in our slide deck. And I think the big fee initiatives here we have mortgage is one, wealth is another one on the consumer side, treasury solutions and cap markets are the biggest ones on the commercial side. And I guess also household growth, if we continue to grow households we’ll continue to gain fee income from that. We’ve scored those three to be I’d say just cautiously optimistic. I think we’ve made good traction on all three. On the household growth clearly you’re just contending with the high level of competition in the market and also less foot traffic going through the branches. So the way we go about adding the households and advertising et cetera, just needs to be flexible, I would say. So, we still feel good. We hit our goals in 2014. But I think we’re just being duly cautious there. On mortgages, similarly I think we hit the bar in terms of the gross hiring we wanted to do, we had attrition a little higher in the first half of the year and that’s come back down nicely in the fourth quarter. One of the interesting things here is if you’re in this refi boomlet that should start to drive higher levels of income coming from the mortgage business both portfolio balance sheet income, as well as fee income. But at the same time, it might be harder to lift some of the mortgage brokers to hit our longer term goal of doubling the size of the sales force because if it’s an active market people are making a good living where they are. So, I think that’s why we have it cautious. We might still have a resounding victory in 2015, but it may slow the pace in terms of actually hiring mortgage loan officers. And in wealth, I think that you’re just looking at a very competitive market. So, we’re only trying to hire in terms of financial consultants, maybe 20-25 a year. We came in pretty close to that in 2014. But it is kind of hand-to-hand combat in terms of bringing those people in the door. So we’re being a little cautious there, but we still I think overtime if you look over the last three years, we’ve had nice growth there and the market conditions have been conducive I think it’s more on the competition side, but in terms of the backdrop for making money in the wealth business is pretty attractive. Treasury solutions, on that one we’ve I think hired a great leader, Mike Cummins to run the business for us. We’ve put some money into technology and we’re out trying to get more market share here. Particularly when we leave less transactions we should always get the operating accounts and always get that cross-sell. So I think it’s more of just getting the rhythm and starting to see the benefits from some of the investments that we’ve made. And cap markets as I said we’ve done really-really well in terms of building up a quality operation that can compete with the best of them, gaining market share, of bringing good ideas to our clients and so we feel good about that one. So broadly speaking Ken I think there is good momentum on fees to match the growth in the balance sheet. But there are some areas of caution that we have to stay focused on and really execute well against. I think I have said enough Brad, I hope I didn’t steal your thunder, over to you.
Bruce Van Saun: I think we just have to watch it and we’ll be opportunistic in terms of in this lower rate environment, the overall duration on the portfolio came in from just about four to around 3.5, weighted average life came from 4.7 to about 4.2. And so I think we’ll -- ideally we like to run that duration at about four years, but you have to pick your spots when you go back into the market and put on that extra length.
Bruce Van Saun: Sure, we gave some disclosure that the one-time regulatory cost associated with CCAR to get really in position when we saw where the bar was, we had some catching up to do, and that was 25 million which is behind us at this point. And then the ongoing run cost to build sustainability is 8 million to 10 million and we’ve got about I’d say two-thirds of that in our run cost, it was important that we hired those resources up during the year, so when some of the consultants who helped us get in position left that we had the knowledge transferred to our own people, and so I think we’ve accomplished that fairly well. We’ve also had efforts around our kind of issued backlog in terms of making sure we could accelerate the remediation of that and so there were some costs that went along with that and I think whatever we have now is in our run rate and so there won’t be any need to tick that up. In terms of the cost to separate from RBS, I think there is also a fair amount of disclosure in our broad restructuring costs, it runs the gamut of having standalone capabilities and having our own vendor contracts, so there is a few dis-synergies of scale associated with that. We also had to change our branding in terms of moving to a unified Citizens brand without RBS in the name for the commercial side and sun setting the Charter One name and going again fully to Citizens name. Those costs are also kind of detailed in some of our earlier disclosures and they’re running on-track. So we said if there is still about $30 million to $50 million of broad cost to go some of those associated with the cost program, some associated with separation from RBS and the rebranding, but I think by the end of the first half we’ll have all of those kind of separation and the overall program cost sunset and we’ll just be back to reporting nice clean earnings with nothing below the line at that point.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, those adjusted expenses with the things moved out into below the line restructuring, is probably a good base to work from. As I said the cross trends going on there is we’re investing in playing offence in people and technology, and our costs program overall is creating enough offset that you saw in the second half of the year we were able to keep expenses at a pretty contained level and pretty flat, which if you can get your revenue engine going and you can get some positive momentum on revenues and keep your expenses flat that’s certainly a prescription to drive your ROE higher.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, it’s offsetting. So it’s just a tweak guesstimate to your model to put the fee income up by that amount is in the footnote 48 million and then the expense, if you look at the tax line that takes the tax rate up to we're calling it maybe 33.5 for the next year.
Bruce Van Saun: Look, energy is a key sector to plan if you’re going to be a commercial bank, you need to play in the energy space, and as part of separation it was clear that that was RBS turf prior to separation and RBS is rethinking also who they’re banking and the size of companies they want to bank. And so we negotiated to bring that over, I think it always was a more logical business to be done at Citizens than at RBS but they got there first, so we’ve brought that business over we brought a few people over. I’d that trade over 100 times out of a 100 if I had first of all and I could see that oil prices were going to crack I think we’ve done stress, reverse stress testing on this portfolio and you’ve had to have oil prices below, well below where they are below $50 for over five years before you have credit issues in that portfolio. So, I think the advance rate, the hedging on the part of the borrowers is all sound so we’re not worried from a credit standpoint about that portfolio.
Bruce Van Saun: So it’s a good spot that you’ve noticed that, but I think in the fixed scheme of things we’re broadly on-track. We have built a very solid ability to track all these initiatives and we have people signed up in blood with our name next to each one that they will deliver on anything below and so John’s people monitor this very closely on a monthly basis and that gives us a high degree of confidence that we’re going to hit those numbers.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes I would just add it’s Bruce that, our objectives in building up the mortgage business was really strategic in nature and not tactical. So, when we said about putting together our turnaround plan, we looked at the size and scale of our mortgage business relative to peers and relative to the opportunity that we saw in the marketplace and we had 350 person operation and an origination rank of say maybe 25. And our deposit market share for traditional banks is 12 or 13. And so we said well is there an opportunity to try to get closer to our deposit market and what would it take and does our market support that. And I think the answer to that was all yes and let’s try to double the size over the three year time period and bring that up to 700. And so you end up challenged when you see the conditions we saw in ’14 is this still the right strategy, should we slow it down, our view is let’s keep our foot on the gas paddle and let’s keep going because we know the mortgage market is ultimately coming back. And the people that are coming in are still covering their nut in terms of being accretive to overall performance. So anyway I think we’re still on pace. I think our outlook for ’15 is it should be, better than ’14 and that should create a bit of tailwind in terms of the impact that comes from this hiring that we’ve been able to achieve.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, the restructuring is only related to either the pull through of our efficiency initiatives or some of the rebranding costs and we’re just kind of giving you an estimate of what that’s going to be and trying to pull that below the line. And as I said it will be sunset by the end of the first half, we will have completed all of that work and all the costs associated with those programs will have been reflected. The benefits of the efficiency program are coming through above the line in our expense base and roughly they’ve been offsetting the increase in ongoing expenses that comes from these hiring initiatives in consumer and commercial and some of our technology initiatives, the key driving and improved overall technology suite. And so that’s been the kind of challenge for us as to we know we got to play offense and we know we need continued investment. But where can we pinch down on expenses and operate more efficiently and effectively so that we can afford that and so that we can deliver the positive operating leverage. And again our outlook if we’re going to deliver the progress we need to stay on-track to get that ROTCE up towards our goal of 10%, we got to do that on a consistent basis. And I am very pleased that the last two quarters we can see that’s coming through in space we’ve kept expenses relatively flat. We’ve been able to grow the balance sheet which drives income growth and so we are getting that positive operating leverage.
Bruce Van Saun: It’s Bruce I would just add that we’ve got to continue to be good at raising cost effective deposits and for a long time for the better part of the last five years we were running off deposits because we were shrinking the balance sheet as part of RBS’ shrink agenda. Now we’re kind of back in the gym getting our muscle back in terms of growing deposits cost effectively, that means getting better at making offers to our existing customers doing marketing to go out and get that and not just relying on rate, but you are right to point out that some of this also is a bit of a tactical shift in terms of securing some longer-term fixed money, when you combine that with the senior debt offering that we did I think we’re positioned now even better for rising rates as John said earlier the sensitivity to the ramp is 6.8, which is up from 6.3 at the end of the third quarter and that really reflects both the types of deposits that we’re bringing in and plus this senior debt issue that we did.
Bruce Van Saun: But I think it’s timely Brad that we this refi clearly on the -- and we’re pleased that it’s exceeding our expectations at this time.
Bruce Van Saun: Ken I think we made probably as much progress as was humanly possible in this time period and I think the whole process around your governance, your risk appetite, your whole frameworks for assessing risk inside a company is a continuum. And I think you’ll never be fully satisfied because there’ll be new things to think about and new ways to do things. So I think where we got to in terms of that framework is satisfactory from my standpoint here in the company. I hope the feds ultimately agrees with my take on that. But I don’t think really anyone in our peer group can say that they are the finished products that they are the finished article. I think there is tonne of that work to do, with areas to refine and improve in and so we already know the additional work that we have planned for the next cycle and we’re very transparent about that. And I think all things are when they go through that process to say this is an ongoing multi-year effort and we keep making significant progress year in and year out. And I think that’s the way you have to approach it.
Bruce Van Saun: Sure, I guess in Q4 you had about 900 of purchased growth in consumer and about 200 in commercial, and I would say from a ongoing basis the resi mortgage purchases were pretty full on that and one of the strategies we had this year was to do those purchases to lead the buildup of our own force, so that we can do our own originations, so as we bring on these loan officers and the market is looking favorable for '15, I think we’ll do very little or much-much-much less in terms of resi purchases. On the auto side, we said we had a target to do about 500 a quarter, we did about 400 in fact in Q4 through our relationship with SCUSA, and again the effort there is to ultimately bring on more prime paper which gives us a better risk adjusted return profile than what we have in our back book, which is mainly super prime. We’re trying to orienting our own organization capabilities to do more prime and to change that mix and so ultimately I think we’ll sunset some point that relationship with SCUSA when our own capabilities are where we need it to be, but certainly for 2015, we still have this plan and we’re still planning to purchase around 500 million a quarter. And then I think the commercial side, we’ve done very little loan purchasing, this was a pretty unique opportunity for us to pickup that energy portfolio, so I would consider that a one-off.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, we’re again using a forward curve view on that and the forward curve right now I think has the fed funds rate at 65 basis points, so there is I think a debate in the market if you will between whether there is one move or whether there is two moves over the course of '15, and that’s currently what we’re looking at. So we’ll see if that happens if rates -- if there was no rate move at all I think there is maybe 40 million to 50 million impact of a flat rate through the end of the year. So that’s a number that we can kind of put a marker next to and work on ways that we can offset that in case it looks less likely that that’s going to happen.
Bruce Van Saun: Well too hard I mean I think that’s the market speaking, so I think if you’re doing budgeting and you’re doing forecasting you’d kind of have to roll this what the market thinks at any point in time, it does move around a lot which makes it challenging when you go from one quarter to the next and you see the curve whipping around, but I think all kind of forward thinking has to be informed by the curve, the markets view of where rates are going.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, I think it’s just industry-wide, so it’s a secular trend that with the new offerings of convenience around mobile and online more customers can access their banking services that they need remotely. They still come into the branches, they still like branches and so having a branch configuration is important, but kind of the purpose for why they go into the branches I think is becoming more specific. They don’t need as much help with transactions, they may want to talk to one of our specialists et cetera, so I think that’s what we’re saying is you maybe have less swings at the back if you will of people coming through your branches so you’d have to get good at making targeted offers through other channels. Brad, I’ll flip it to you, and you could probably elaborate on that a bit.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, I think the play in the medium-term is really to reconfigure your branches, make them more fit for purpose and smaller. So that’s really where we’re focused on. Is there an expense opportunity? Yes, I think it’s in kind of getting the overall square footage that we have to something that is smaller and to make sure that we’ve enough meeting space, we’ve less space designated for long teller, number of teller stations that we needed in the past and this is not something you can turn on a dime on because we have well over 75% of our branches are leased and you have to kind of time it with lease at rolls but there is a prize there and that’s what we’re focused on and in terms of consolidations, we’ve done most of the logical ones to do, there might be a few here and there, but I think that plays really around reducing square footage.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. Well, again it’s Bruce speaking, I’d like to just end the call by saying I think we have a very solid quarter here in the Bank and we’re optimistic as we enter 2015. Thanks everybody for dialing-in today. Have a good day.
John Fawcett: I think the only thing I would add and it interferes repeating the point that Bruce made is that 75% of the sensitivity is centered at the very short-end of the curve, three months. And then I think the other thing is, is that clearly the investment portfolio is something that we very closely managed. At the end of the third quarter we did the duration extension trade, which paid some dividends in the fourth quarter, so we’re always looking for opportunities to avail ourselves of that. I think if you look at sensitivity over the course of the year, it’s up to probably the highest point it has been during the year at 6.8% at the end of the year, I think in beginning here we started at 6.2 but it’s always been in that 6.2 to 6.8 range. I think the last point I would make around the investment portfolio is, is that as Bruce said at some point you wonder when you start to drag your feet in terms of reinvestment, thus far we’ve been reinvesting cash flows on a month-to-month basis. But you might expect if rates get down to around 1.75, I mean it’s something we look at a lot more carefully.
John Fawcett: Well, we’re just using a forward curve at the end of December. I mean so, then that’s the forecast. I mean if you look at that it’s where we budgeted the front-end, it’s got rates moving out a little bit more back ended into the fourth quarter as opposed to rates starting to move in the first half of the year.
John Fawcett: Yes I mean the extension, 74 basis points of yield pick up between the 30s that we got and the 15 taskers we traded out.
John Fawcett: And I guess one of the other benefits of moving into some of this Ginnie has also helped the LCR ratio a bit.
John Fawcett: Yes, I mean right, we’re very comfortable with where we’re right now, I mean right now I think we’re at 102 and we have planked it at the end of December and I think we’d be comfortable staying right in that range, I think we want to be comfortably above the 90.
John Fawcett: So a bulk of the growth is that actually the term and time deposits. And so for a very long time we’ve been out of this business, I think we grew term and time deposits of about a 1.2 billion or 1.3 billion quarter-on-quarter. And so this is mostly 14% money. And that’s driven -- '14 money so that’s driven a bit of the uptick in costs. And I think strategically I think we’re going to continue to try and manage the loan-to-deposit ratio that’s 98 to 100 and so we’d keep a very close eye on this. Some of this is a little bit of experimenting in terms of price elasticity in particular markets and so far so good. So we’re pleased with the way we’ve been able to manage the LDR. I think it’s important to go back to one of the challenges we faced and one of the points that I made in my prepared text is, is that when we sold the Chicago franchise we gave up $5.2 billion of deposits against a $1 billion of loans. I think year-on-year we’ve actually grown deposits by 10% and so we’re reigniting this deposit engine and trying to do it with a very thoughtful way. I would expect that as we go forward on a quarter-to-quarter basis you might expect to see our cost of deposits increase 1 to 2 basis points here and there as we meet the need to sensibly fund our loan growth with raising deposits.
John Fawcett: Yes, and it’s 60 and it hasn’t changed dramatically from what we’ve presented in analyst presentations and the road shows, it’s pretty stable.
John Fawcett: Yes, well let me answer it this way. So we’ve talked a lot about transaction migration, and customers moving to doing their transactions with us in non-traditional ways. We are up to about 8% of our deposit base, 8% of our deposit is coming through mobile deposits, about 25% in total being non-branch activity. I don’t have off to top of my head the number of the percentage of customers that interact with us on mobile, but I can tell you that it’s growing rapidly and our transaction volume happening through mobile is growing really at pace even beyond what we expected and like I said over 25% of our deposit volume now coming from non-branch activities.
Brad Conner: Well actually I think you did a pretty good job of covering up Bruce. The only think I would probably add from a mortgage perspective and we are off to a very good start in the first quarter. So, mortgage application line is very strong, which I think is probably pretty consistent across the market and it’s allowing us also to have nice margins from a mortgage perspective. So I think we feel good about the progress that we’re seeing early on in mortgage, but as you’ve said that could have an impact on recruiting over the course of the year, but I think you covered it and the most of our hiring initiatives that are on pace, the growth initiatives are in place, it’s just a very competitive marketplace.
Brad Conner: Yes, I’ll take that one. So Matt, there is a little bit of accounting noise I guess I would say in those NPLs in that about a year ago we had $550 million group of HELOCs that were on non-accrual status that moved into accrual status based on a year of positive performance, so that was actually improving our NPLs as a result of that, that has really run its course. So what you’re seeing now is really just a return to normalization, all of the underlying trends in the home equity portfolio remain on-track, their delinquency levels look good and the portfolio really appears to be strong. So we haven’t seen the underlying fundamental issues for the HELOC portfolio.
Brad Conner: Yes, we’re actually very much right on-track so we added a net of 41 loan officers in the fourth quarter which was our best quarter to-date. We finished the year up a net 67 loan officers so I think our final year in count was 413 which was spot on the guidance that we had been giving, so very good progress there.
Brad Conner: Yes, so here is what I would tell you, through 2014 as you know the mortgage business was challenged. The volume across the industry was down from projections and so we were a little bit behind, our hiring was on-track but we were a little bit behind pace in terms of origination volume. But we’ve seen as rates have come down over the last few weeks we are seeing a very strong pipeline building a lot of very good momentum in applications. So, I would say earlier into 2015 we’re a bit ahead of pace.
Brad Conner: I think -- this is Brad, let me clarify the market condition. One of the things that we’re seeing is tremendous demand for our newly launched refinance products. So I think we believe the market conditions will be favorable there and the demand is actually stronger than we had anticipated. What we have seen is the traditional private student loan market fee is still growing, but it’s growing at a slower pace than what we had seen in the prior two to three years. So we indicated that as cautious primarily based on just a bit of slowing of the traditional private student loan market.
Brad Conner: Bruce I think you did a very good job of saying that, it puts you in a position of having to be more effective when you do have the interactions with your customers and that’s what we’re focusing on is making the right offer when you do interact with your customers and setting appointments to get them to come in your branches and those kinds of things, but it is an industry-wide trend that everyone is having to adapt to.
