Sean Burke: Thank you, Kevin. Earnings before income taxes and provision for credit losses were $85.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020, an increase of $3 million or 4% compared to the prior quarter and an increase of 21% over the prior year quarter. While net loan balances decreased quarter-over-quarter, commercial and industrial loans increased $104.2 million or 3.5% quarter-over-quarter. Net interest margin increased 10 basis points to 2.71% quarter-over-quarter with majority of the increase occurring on a core basis. We continue to benefit from Fed rate cuts and saw our cost of interest bearing deposits declined 20 basis points to 1.39% from the fourth quarter. Total non-interest income totaled $14.7 million for the quarter, a decline of $5.8 million quarter-over-quarter. We recorded elevated swap and equipment finance fees in the fourth quarter and saw both return to more normalized levels in the first quarter. Expenses totaled $102.6 million for the three months ended March 31, a decrease of $4.3 million or 4% compared to the three months ended December 31, 2019. The efficiency ratio improved to 54.6% from 56.5% in Q4, reflecting a modest increase in revenue and a slight decrease in non-interest expense. We adopted CECL on January 1, 2020. Upon adoption, the company recorded an increase in allowance for credit losses of $11.7 million. Provision for credit losses was $31.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020, and was significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. At the time we closed the books in early April, our forecast scenarios included a second quarter GDP decline of up to nearly 25% and unemployment up to 13% and a U-shape recovery. Given the uncertainty on how the pandemic will unfold generally makes projecting provision difficult. That being said, our provision in the second quarter will be driven in large part by the expected duration and severity of the pandemic. Asset quality, liquidity and capital were in a strong position at quarter end as we headed into this pandemic. Non-accrual loans represented 0.46% of total loans at March 31 compared to 0.44% at December 31, while our allowance for credit losses to loans stood at 1.22% at March 31. Our Common Equity Tier one ratio was 13.1% at quarter end, exceeding the well-capitalized level by approximately $1.3 billion. In addition, all of our regulatory ratios were meaningfully above well-capitalized levels at quarter end. Liquidity is robust and improved quarter-over-quarter. Our loan-to-deposit ratio stood at 117% at quarter end, down from 122% at year end and our access to borrowing facilities and other liquidity sources totaled over $9 billion at March 31. The unprecedented environment makes it difficult to provide formal guidance at this time. As such, we are withdrawing our previous provided earnings guidance. That said, at a high level, we expect our margin to continue to benefit from declining deposit costs in the near term and the loan growth will remain muted given the economic backdrop and our focus on profitability, but could change based on business conditions. Expenses generally are expected to be in line with previous guidance. Finally, we will be providing some additional details on deferrals and loan balances by industry type, referenced by Kevin today, in our 8-K that gets filed with our press release. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Kevin for concluding remarks.
Sean Burke: Yes, Mark. I know what you're hinting at, but it really is hard to predict. I mean things change daily. And I certainly understand where you're going there. And it certainly feels like things are getting better. But I think we'd be a little reluctant to really venture out saying that in absolute terms., so for now, the environment changes. I think it's safe to say if things improve and the economic environment improves, I think your statement will hold true. If things deteriorate in some way, then we could be looking at elevated provisions. So we'll go the way the economy goes.
Sean Burke: I wouldn't go so far as to say double-digit, but certainly, we are expecting to see some NIM expansion next quarter driven by lower deposit costs, lower borrowing costs.
Sean Burke: Yes. There's a lot of moving pieces there. But if we held everything else constant, that's going on, which is kind of a bold statement. But if everything else was constant and we saw borrowings costs are coming down and deposit costs continuing to come down in the lower environment. Yes, that should translate into improved NIM throughout the year. But things are moving around all over the place and it's really hard to predict. So that's why we're backing off a bit going too far out trying to make projections.
Sean Burke: Yes. Laurie, it's Sean. We're down -- I'm going to look it up, but I think it was down $2.9 million, Laurie, quarter-over-quarter. So the fourth quarter had some elevated swap-throughs this quarter a little bit lighter than what we normally expect. So a little bit on the light end, but the fourth quarter had some elevation in terms of what was in there.
Sean Burke: Jared, I don't have the spot rate, but I can tell you the month of March. So at least for interest bearing deposits, the cost of interest bearing deposits for the month of March was 1.29%.
Kevin Cummings: Okay, Sean. Thank you. Our message is to be faithful and not fearful. We need to be a source of hope and optimism in the community and continue to live by our core values by being a good corporate citizen and making a difference in a time of uncertainty. We are here for our customers. We are partnering with both the not-for-profit sector and the government sectors to help our communities. We have had our challenges, but as of today, we have executed on the task and the projects that this pandemic has created. Working from home, communications with both employees and customers, technology changes and enhancements, cybersecurity, the Gold Coast acquisition, commercial and mortgage loan deferrals, building a platform for the SBA program and leading our teams during a period of uncertainty and fear all have come with unique problems and adjustments. The bank has accomplished these things because of the hard work and leadership of our executives. At times, it may seem overwhelming, but we are getting it done. We will work continue to work together and encourage, now inspire our teams to reach into the depth of their souls to get through this crisis and clear those obstacles in front of us. We do not plan to survive, but we will strive through this crisis and rise to be the best that we can be. The bank will be a source of inspiration during these times because it is through inspiration and encouragement that brings great execution, success and peace in your life. Our communities and customers need us now more than ever. We will continue to step up and face these challenges. Our leaders continue to inspire each other to our greatest moments, knowing that we are giving our best and leaving all our energy on the field. It is a war out there and we will not be victims of this virus, but we will be victors. Now I'd like to turn the call over to some questions. Thank you very much.
Kevin Cummings: Yes. I think our number 1 concern is to protect the dividend moving forward. And buy backs are going to take a backseat. We've always managed capital on a 4-pronged approach; M&A, organic growth, buybacks and dividends. And it's always been our prudent approach of balancing those things, using them when available. I know the stock price is down, but it's certainly not a time in the foreseeable future to jump into that part of the strategy to manage our capital.
Kevin Cummings: Okay. Thanks, Chris. I'd like to thank you for your participation today. When I think about the past two months, I am grateful for the leadership team that I work with and all the employees at the bank. Through great hardship and personal sacrifice, they've done a great job. They continue to amaze me, and I'm humble to leave them with Dom and the executive team. As Churchill once said, "Fear is a reaction, and courage is a decision." Our message is to be faithful and not fearful. We need to be a source of hope and optimism in our communities and continue to live our core values by being a good corporate citizen and making a difference in a time of great stress and uncertainty. Please stay healthy out there. Be careful, and follow the CDC guidelines. Let's pray for each other and inspire each other that we can all be safe and the very best versions of ourselves during this crisis as we make the journey together. I want to thank you again for participating today, and please be careful, and I look forward to the day that we can be out on the road visiting with all of you soon. Have a great day, stay healthy and be strong. Talk to you soon. Thank you.
Domenick Cama: Have not, actually. We were monitoring that very closely, as you may imagine. And we had a little up tick in it and then it flattened out. So the unused lines haven't been a concern to us.
Domenick Cama: Yes, Chris. On the CD pricing, we're seeing new CDs come on at a top rate of 1.05% in using a 13-month maturity and 1% in a 7-month maturity. So those are our highest rates these days. I mean we have some programs that require checking accounts that will allow you, if you bring $0.5 million into bringing 1.25. But let's call the highest rates of 1.05% in the CD space. So I mean, those CDs, that 1.88% is obviously elevated because of the fact that rates were so high going through most of 2019. And as rates come down, those CDs will start to reprice more quickly. I think more reflective of our cost of deposits is our government deposit portfolio, which is about $5 billion. So let's call it, $4.5 billion and tied directly to Fed funds. And we've seen those rates come down by about 100 basis points, most of which we'll recognize the benefit of in the second quarter because the first rate cut happened on March 3. We took that right away. And the second rate cut, which occurred on March 15, we decided to wait until April 1. So I think you'll start to see that CD bucket come down. You'll start to see it. You start to see that CD bucket come down, but more importantly, that government deposit bucket has already come down significantly.
Domenick Cama: Yes. I think, Chris, along those lines, we have a number of maturities happening in the second quarter and we'll lay some of that off there. We're going to hold on to the cash for a little while to see how our government deposit portfolio behaves during the second quarter. The government deposit bucket runs in cycles, and we just want to make sure that it continues to run in the similar cycle that it has in the past. So we're going to be cautious holding on to the balances, but we recognize that we have a lot of excess cash on the balance sheet and we'll be prudent about how we work it off during the second quarter.
Domenick Cama: Chris, interesting. Sean and I did a conference early in March and it was up and this is before we knew the world was blowing up and a lot of questions about the repurchases. And I just want to remind you that we did a big repurchase in the fourth quarter of 2019 when we bought back over $300 million of Blue Harbour stock. And while the stock price came down and it seemed beneficial to start buying it back, we're dealing, as I said that day a number of times with a number of constituents, right? I mean we have our regulators to deal with. We have our concentration ratios to deal with. And when you buy back $300 million in of stock in one fell swoop, I think it's time to put it on pause and say, "Hey, let's see how this goes". As it turned out, it was a good move, not buying any stock back in the first quarter, as we felt it was prudent to shore up capital and make sure capital remained in a strong position. And so I'm going to say also, like Sean said to an earlier question, it's who knows what's going on out there. So I don't see buy backs happening in the foreseeable future, all things being equal as the environment exists today.
Domenick Cama: On the C&I piece, it's about $280 million and the CRE piece about $109 million. I don't have the LTV, but I think they're pretty low.
Domenick Cama: Just one other point, Laurie, I just want to be clear on this. On the C&I front, the $280 million, recognize that those loans are secured by the properties in New York City. So while they're not technically classified and while they are under CRE, we made the loans based on the cash flow of the buildings, but the collateral is real estate. So we feel we're pretty well collateralized in those loans.
Domenick Cama: I don't. We don't have that. The way we've broken this out is accommodation and food service together, but I'm going to say that the majority of it is in the hotel business.
Domenick Cama: Yes. The healthcare and social assistance is about $600 million, $650 million and education, about $80 million. And the LTV on CRE deferments is approximately 53%.
Domenick Cama: It was approximately 60%, I believe. We didn't give it on the deferments. It's approximately our average LTVs at year end were approximately 60% for the residential and multifamily portfolios and overall 55% for the CRE and consumer portfolios.
Domenick Cama: Customers are still paying off their loans. We did see a couple of big payoffs, Jared, in the back end of the first quarter. I think it will slow down as we get through the second quarter just because there are not a lot of new deals happening. As Rich said, most of the deals that are happening are loans that are up to maturity or guys that need to put their money to work in a 1031 exchange. But we don't see a lot of activity in the purchase market. So we expect that, that will slow down, although, as I said, we did see some big payoffs toward the end of March.
