Bruce Van Saun: Thanks, Kristin. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call today. 2023 was an incredible year in many respects. With the Fed's aggressive moves to subdue inflation, the West Coast bank failures, a surprisingly resilient economy, and several significant proposals from bank regulators, it was important in navigating this dynamic environment to focus first on playing strong defense while continuing to play disciplined offense and take advantage of opportunities in the market. Defense starts with the balance sheet and risk management, and I feel really good about how we ended the year. Our capital position is one of the strongest among the large regionals with a CET1 ratio of 10.6%, CET1 adjusted for AOCI of roughly 9% and a tangible common equity ratio of 6.7%. Our liquidity position is at an all-time best with a loan to deposit ratio of 82%, pro forma Category 1 LCR of 117% and 156% liquidity coverage of our uninsured deposits. Our ACL ratio is at 159% compared to 130% pro forma day 1 CECL, and general office reserves are at 10.2%. We continue to be very disciplined in terms of lending risk appetite and are focused on deep relationships which deliver stronger relative returns. We are using a non-core strategy to run off loans and free capital for better opportunities. On offense, we have several important initiatives we are driving, such as the private bank buildout, the New York City Metro initiative, our focus on serving private capital and growing our payments business. These are all tracking well. In particular, we are pleased to see the private bank team reach $1.2 billion in deposits soon after our launch in late October. Our financials over the course of the year came under some pressure, primarily given higher funding costs. Nonetheless, we delivered a 13.5% underlying ROTCE for the full year, with a 95% return of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In the fourth quarter, we continued to see smaller sequential declines in NII than in the prior quarter as the Fed last hiked in July and the pressure on funding costs has lessened. We saw a modest bounce back in fees, but are very encouraged by the tone of the markets in 2024 to date. Hopefully, we start to see our big capital markets pipelines begin to deliver. We took some meaningful cost actions in Q4 to set the stage for a very modest expense growth in 2024. We only had the private bank for two quarters, so if you normalize for that, we're actually reducing the legacy expense base by 1.4%. I should reinforce though that we are doing this while protecting our critical initiatives. Credit outlook continues to track expectations. CRE general office is being carefully managed. Losses are being absorbed in net charge offs. It's relatively predictable with few surprises so far. Away from that, credit quality is strong. In Q4 we saw a dip in absolute criticized loans and in the ratio which is a promising sign. On the capital front, we did not buy in any stock in Q4, given the charges related to the FDIC special surcharge as well as associated with our cost initiatives. We expect to be back in the market in Q1, and for that to continue through 2024. Turning to our outlook, we expect NII to continue with modest declines through midyear and then start to tick up. The exciting news on NIM/NII is that we project meaningful benefits from swap and noncore runoff over ‘25 to ‘27, which will power higher EPS and returns. We are poised for strong fee growth led by capital markets. Net charge offs will rise modestly, but we are likely to see ACL releases over the course of the year. Our key priorities for 2024 will be to continue to operate with a strong defense/prudent offense mindset. We have many exciting things on our technology, our digital, data analytics and AI roadmap that we need to deliver on. It's an exciting time for Citizens. We feel we are well positioned for medium-term outperformance. I'd like to end my remarks by thanking our colleagues for rising to the occasion and delivering in great effort in 2023. We know we can count on you again in the new year. With that, let me turn it over to John.
Bruce Van Saun: You might add something on wealth, Brendan. I don't know if you want to. We expect continued really strong growth on wealth fees.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah. I'll start off here. But I think we have been very, very diligent in kind of looking at staffing levels across all the different activities in the bank and seeking efficiencies. There's always the playbook where if you kind of eliminate your bottom X percent of performers and redistribute some of the work that you can run a little leaner. And so we've gone through that exercise to make sure that we won't be caught short in any areas. We carved out important areas like risk and audit and some of the control areas so they were spared kind of from taking reductions. And then we also carved out the areas that are important investment activities. And so, the rollup of all that, Matt, comes to a relatively modest number, 3.5% of total staff count. But I think we're kind of lean and mean and in good fighting shape as we enter into 2024.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah, I would -- there's a Slide 11, Matt, that lays out a pie chart of the character of the deposits, but DDA and then checking with interest, which are very low costs, roughly 40%, very little term, and most of that in kind of liquid savings and money market with no promotions that are outside the norm of what we're offering to the core franchise.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah. So I'll start and then John can then give some more color. So I think that the kind of push that we've seen higher over the course of ’23, that could continue a little bit higher into ‘24. So going from 46, say, to 50 is kind of twofold for the most part. One is that CRE general office is, we're watching the maturity wall and we're on top of all these credits very carefully and we're working them out. And as I said in my opening remarks, a lot of this is fairly predictable. So kind of we can look ahead six months, nine months, we can kind of anticipate where we might have to do some restructurings and where we might take charge-offs. And so I think we have good visibility into that. It's a long process on CRE General Office. I think we'll have this with us all through ‘24 and likely into ‘25 as well. But again, the important thing is, I think we're well-reserved for it, and it's baked into that charge-off run rate. The second area is really just continued normalization on the consumer side, which has been extremely slow and gradual, but we're still slightly better than where we were pre-COVID. And so that will just gently push up as we go forward. And so that would be the other driver. I'd say the good news is that in C&I, we're not really seeing any kind of hotspots and so we feel that we have a pretty good outlook for broad C&I through 2024. On the question of the ACL is, this year we've been consistently building each quarter. And if you get to the scenario where there's likely a soft landing or a very shallow recession, we've put away enough reserves that I think we will be able to start to draw that down. And so time will tell on that, but you can already see that we've been starting to kind of reduce the amount of kind of reserve bill from absolute provision over charge-offs in this quarter. It was flat. It was $171 million over $171 million. And so even if charge-offs can pick up a little bit, I think it's likely that you could see the need for provision building from having provisions exceed charge-offs reduce as we go through the year. I don't know, John, if you want to add any color to that.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, at this point, we've given a kind of firm estimate for the first quarter of about $300 million. So we probably, with benefit of 2020 hindsight, could have bought some in the fourth quarter, but water under the bridge for [10/6] (ph). So we have a little above-target capital to kind of play with, if you will, in the first quarter. And then in the first half of the year, we're not going to have much net loan growth. Non-core is going to be running down, and we don't really see the flex in lending coming till the second half in the private banking commercial, as John indicated. So I think the buybacks would tend to be more first half oriented, but a lot can happen over the course of the year. And so I kind of defer from giving a kind of quarterly run rate just to say we'll have a solid print in the first quarter and likely more in a second quarter and then we'll see how the year plays out.
Bruce Van Saun: And one last add-on point to your add-on point is I would say I'm really happy to be buying my stock at these levels because we think it's great value.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah, good question. I would say the orientation right now is for backing our organic initiatives. So we've mentioned the private bank and we need to continue to invest there to get that off the ground and make it a big success. And we've been investing in the New York marketplace and certainly to get your brand awareness up is expensive proposition, but we're doing that and that is showing very good results. There are certain businesses like payments that are, I think, going through a lot of change and that change always presents opportunities. And so making sure that we're investing to position ourselves to deliver for clients and continue to gain share and grow that business, those are the things that kind of come top of mind that we're very focused on. I think in terms of acquisitions and our fee-based capabilities, we've made significant investments over time in commercial. And so our M&A size and scale is at quite a good level. So we could be selective there. Don't see anything imminent, but there's possibilities that if there's an industry vertical that makes sense, maybe we could do something there. And then wealth, we've been looking at trying to buy some things. We bought Clarfeld, which turned out to be a fantastic acquisition, but I think the orientation the rest of this year is to really go the lift-out route and to bring teams onto the platform. And so we're hard at work on that to try to scale up Citizens' private wealth. So I would say the franchise is in good shape. There's a lot of initiatives in place that will, I think, have us outperform from a growth standpoint relative to our peers. So I think we can sit back and be selective in terms of deploying capital inorganically.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah, I mean there's always opportunities to look to flex your expense base down. I think we've been pretty hard at it here to get to this level. And I'd say the strategic initiatives offer you some flexibility, but again, if you're looking at the medium term and the longer term to try to scrape to come up with $0.03 to $0.05 or something of that magnitude, if that puts at jeopardy your trajectory on things like private bank, it wouldn't appear to be a really advisable decision to take. So we will always look at that. You know you can trust us to do that. But at this point, we're trying to manage for both near-term delivery but also with an eye towards the medium term and really getting that ROTCE back into the kind of targeted range.
Bruce Van Saun: The other aspect to that too is just we've had an inverted curve for a long time. So, when you think about the medium term, presumably we get back to a point where there's a normal yield curve, which also benefits NII.
Bruce Van Saun: I think that was something we were talking about in the back half of the year. It affected us in Q3. It affected us in Q4. If you actually look at, I think, one of the dialogues on these calls a way back, are we going to exit the year close to 3% underlying? Well, we actually did do that. The underlying performance on our NIM was quite good. It only dropped 3 basis points, which is showing up well relative to everybody who's reported so far. But that liquidity build, which is neutral to NII, took us down another 9. So we end up exiting closer to [290 than to the 3] (ph). But that liquidity build is kind of done. And so we can just focus on not having that, exercising that from the conversation and just focusing on what the underlying drivers are from here on out.
Bruce Van Saun: But in Q3, Ken, then you'd have other things kicking in, like fee growth strong, long growth starting to kick in. And so even though the swap is incremental, forward starting swaps, then I think we'd have to look at the whole dynamic around what we expect to see in the business performance that would allow us to absorb that.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah, I would say that for banks of our size, the things that we've focused the most on have been RWA increases to certain lending activities that would potentially reduce the supply, the appetite to lend in those areas because it would erode the economics. So things like mortgage lending to lower income people or credit card lines attracting capital and small business lending attracting more capital. I think those flaws in the proposal have been well chronicled. And even though they don't result in a meaningful RWA inflation for us, I mean, we're stewards of the US economy and we'd like to see those things adjusted. That's been for kind of banks our size. I think the kind of main thing at top of the list, I think the operational risk kind of increases affect the bigger banks more, but nonetheless they seem to have a fairly big bump on the scale. And so that likely, I think, will have a rethink. And maybe those come down to some extent. That would benefit everybody, but probably the big banks more than banks like ourselves.
Bruce Van Saun: I think that's a good point that John just raised, Gerard, is that given the strength of our capital position both pre- and post-AOCI, we can absorb any of these regulatory capital impacts, but really not worry about them. Many of our peer banks are still kind of catching up and getting in position and having to kind of hold back on capital distribution which is really not something that we're worried about given this capital strength. So we're more able to kind of play offense and not have to play catch up, which is a good position to be in.
Bruce Van Saun: That's right, if you go back to the time of the IPO and the number's been over 100% and under 100% and all over the place, but if you just looked at like a 10-year average, almost 10 years, it's about 75%. And so having enough capital to actually grow your business and lend to customers, you have to certainly work that into the equation. But to the extent, as John stated the priorities, dividend is number one, using capital to support organic growth principally in the loan book and then repurchasing shares. I think if we get our returns into that level, we'll be returning high levels of our earnings back to shareholders both through the dividend and through consistent share repurchases. We should be viewed as a capital return story.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah, I would just answer broadly that we feel good about the multifamily portfolio, its characteristics, its relatively small loan sizes, a lot of fixed term loans, good diversification geographically. And so we, I think, felt that loss content there was going to be quite low. But now, obviously, with rates ticking down, that provides more kind of air in terms of the distance between the debt service coverage ratio and kind of cash flows. And so we feel that it's helpful, but we weren't worried all that much previously. So anyway, that's…
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. Great, Keeley. Thanks again, everyone, for dialing in today. We appreciate your interest and support. Have a great rest of the week. Thank you.
John Woods: Yeah, I'll just start off and others can add. But I mean I think those are the two drivers, as you mentioned. When we look out into primarily the second half of 2024, we are seeing an expectation that commercial activity will pick up. Loan utilization is flattening out here, we expect early in the year. And then so that'll be part of the driver. We also have had some BSO activity in late ‘23 and early ‘24 that we expect to moderate in the second half of the year as well. So you're going to see a number of nice tailwinds on the commercial side. And then on the consumer side of things, we are seeing opportunities with good relationship business in the mortgage space and in HELOC, which has been a very nice and consistent driver for us. But those are the main drivers. Then, of course, broadly, the private bank, which has gotten off to a great start on the deposit side of things in late ‘23, we're going to see some of that loan opportunity pick up in ‘24. So those are the big, I would say, components of seeing that spot loan growth.
John Woods: Yeah, just kind of the main drivers of that. It's basically a continuation of some of the trends we're seeing in the fourth quarter of 2023, where capital markets is starting to pick up again, pipelines are incredibly strong. And I think that the lead driver seems to be M&A advisory. That's picked up in 4Q, not only due to seasonal factors, but just in terms of a more constructive backdrop. We're also seeing, as you get in -- out into ‘24, pick up and underwriting, both on the bond side and on the equity side, and so -- and solid contributions from global markets as well. But -- so those are some of the drivers as we see them beginning in Q4, continuing in Q1 with excellent pipelines and playing out over the rest of ‘24.
John Woods: Yeah, just to wrap it all that up, in ‘24 we do expect volumes to improve as well as margins. So that's another tailwind if we get into next year in terms of the production business.
John Woods: Yeah, we haven't really talked about that, but I mean, I think what we should look at is that this is accretive to the low-cost profile top of the house. When you look at DDA and operating accounts, it's extremely attractive mix that we've seen come in early days. So we're extremely encouraged about our expectations for this to be a very sort of solid franchise deposit fully funding our loan growth that we expect on that side of -- on the other side of the balance sheet. So, yeah, I would say the mix is quite good and overall cost, very attractive and accretive to top of house.
John Woods: Yeah, just a little bit. I think that all makes sense. And I'd say that the drivers of where you want to be with your reserve is, we have a relatively conservative economic environment predicted over the horizon which is a mile to moderate adverse outcome. So that's built in We think that we're seeing stabilization in terms of the performance of the back book in our loan book. So we see visibility into the charge-off outlook. And then the build, which could be the other driver of ACL when you're building loans, what we're rotating away from and building into, there's actually a net flat to improved profile in terms of the very high quality origination front book in the private bank and commercial that we're putting on the portfolio in ‘24 while other stuff, maybe a higher ACL load is running off in the back book. So those are the things I would just add to what Bruce said.
John Woods: Yeah, and I just would reiterate our capital priorities are a strong dividend, and if we have opportunities to put capital to work, serving clients and driving great really strong risk-adjusted returns. That's our preference. And when that moderates a bit, that's when you see us give it back in the form of buybacks. And so we're in an extremely strong position to be able to have the opportunity to trade.
John Woods: Yeah, I mean, I would say that we're very close to neutral one way or the other, really up or down. And -- but I'd say that I think what's important to the outlook is we have deposit migration continuing to moderate every quarter. And it continued this quarter. We expect it to continue next quarter. But, our outlook is until you get that first cut, it still doesn't completely go away. So we have an expectation the first cut comes in the second quarter and we get down to around 4.25%. I think that's still holding around. We're looking out the window today in the neighborhood of what the forward curve might indicate. I would say that if there's a slight bias, if the cuts came in a little fewer this year, that would probably be okay. But nevertheless, that first cut is key. And a general normalization in an orderly fashion over time is what we think is very good for our balance sheet. Again, staying around neutral with maybe a slight benefit if rates come in a tiny bit higher in ‘24.
John Woods: Yeah, I’d say we're basically -- we've achieved our objectives with respect to our liquidity bill. This is the headline there. And it’s -- we believe a very strong kind of position being around 117% of the requirements for Category 1 banks. I think that matches our objectives and therefore going forward you will not see liquidity being a headwind to net interest.
John Woods: Yeah, I mean, I think that is the driver. Basically, that we are looking at NII being at 70% of our revenues. So yeah, the NII's going to bottom in that quarter as well.
John Woods: Yeah, it's a big driver. I mean, I think the big puts and takes there. I mean, you've got the swap portfolio, which is a big tailwind as we've talked about. But if you go over to the deposit side of things, we are looking at deposit migration stabilizing around mid ‘24 after that first cut in May. You see deposit migration stabilizing. And then as cuts continue, we start flipping to down beta type of expectations versus the up beta. And we look at the early 2000s as being instructive for a lot of this, where that tightening -- that loosening cycle or rate cutting cycle would imply a 35% to 40% down beta for the first call it 100 to 150 basis points. And so that's a good, I think, yardstick to think through our expectation that in the early part of the cycle, our down beta will be less than the full up beta, so our full up beta is low 50s, but nevertheless we're going to get big contributions from down beta and that will grow over time getting close to where the up beta ended up.
John Woods: Well, I would say, well, we're exiting ‘24 at 2.85%. We've indicated that's where fourth quarter of ‘23 is going to -- no, fourth quarter of ‘24 will be. And so that's headed to the 3.25% to 3.40% range. And so you would see us crossing that 3% level in ‘25 sometime, on the way to 3.25%.
John Woods: Yeah, maybe I'll just start off with that, Gerard, it's John. I mean, I think, our fees to total revenues are in the neighborhood of 25%. And I'd say over the medium term, you're going to see that migrate closer to 30%. And that would be consistent with a balance sheet optimization efforts where all of the capital we're putting to work on the front book would have relationship opportunities with attractive deposit and fee-based opportunities associated with it at a much greater rate than what we're seeing running off in the back book. And so that's going to drive that fee percentage up closer to 30%. And I think that the returns that we expect from a, call it, the ROTCE return that you're seeing in the medium term is consistent with a return on tangible assets that's north of 1%. So you see that getting closer to 125 basis points as a way to think about what the returns are on the asset side.
John Woods: Yeah, and maybe just add -- just a quick add to that is that even if the Basel III endgame had gone through as initially proposed, a very modest impact from an RWA standpoint on us. And as it relates to AOCI, as we mentioned earlier, we're expecting that likely survives. But in our case, we're at 9% by deducting the AOCI opt-in, and that's an incredibly strong number. So we sort of think about what's going on there is really behind us and really in the run rate, if you will, when it comes to that.
John Woods: Yeah, and I think we had a 95% capital return with performance in ‘23, so it's in that 75% to 100% range over time.
John Woods: Yeah, I would just hasten and add that it's very different than general office. I mean the capital markets are still active in the context of buying and selling multifamily properties and that will just provide further tailwind to that activity.
John Woods: Yeah, there's liquidity there. Buyers and sellers are still transacting. So it's just a very different night and day situation compared to general office, and certainly rates which won't have much of an impact maybe on the general office, will very much have a positive impact on the multifamily construct that was already okay to begin with.
Brendan Coughlin: Yeah, sure. Well, I would start by -- just a quick comment on Q4 for the private bank. Obviously, strong deposit print and I think demonstrating that the strength of the strategy can be very diversified and led by wealth and deposits and not necessarily requiring low interest lending to dislodge the relationship. So we're really excited about the print and the start by the team. Having said that, we do expect lending to pick up steam in 2024. Given the interest rate environment, mortgages are obviously challenged on the retail side. So the lending has been more heavily led by commercial lending, which has skewed in the private equity and venture space, which we're really comfortable with the risk appetite and the profile of that business. And it's been critical to start to dislodge personal private banking relationships from the ecosystem of private equity and venture. So we're off to a really good start. I suspect, given the forward curves, that the first half of the year will continue to be led by commercial principally and private equity and venture lending. Over time, we expect the loan book to be much more balanced and have more retail lending, home equity lending, mortgage lending coming in at scale as the rate environment dictates opportunities there. We also expect to lean into partner loan programs to help connect the corporate side of private equity venture with private banking and personal banking. So you'll start to see an asset diversification over time, but the first half of the year, we would expect it to still be more heavily weighted on the corporate side.
Brendan Coughlin: We do, and we spent a year of slow and steady progression continuing to get all-time highs in the wealth management business. But given the private bank investment, 2024 is going to be a really important year. We're out in the market looking to attract a lot of talent. We've made a number of key hires in Q4, both on the leadership side as well as at the advisor side. And so getting the ecosystem of the bankers that we hired in the summer, connected with top and market wealth managers is critical for us. We're rebranding the platform to Citizen private wealth management to connect the private banking and wealth side together hand in glove. And so we do expect steady and significant growth out of wealth over time really connected into the private banking ecosystem. So we're pleased with the momentum, but there's a lot more to come and we hope if we execute well on the private banking initiative.
Brendan Coughlin: Yeah, so John hit some highlights on Q4 for mortgage. Production was down a bit. Our underlying servicing business was up modestly. And then our hedge performance was down over a big quarter in Q3, Q4. I think as we look the outlook going forward, we obviously announced the exit of the wholesale mortgage business. If you rewind the clock back to prior to the Franklin American acquisition, we were under scale in mortgage and really were trying to diversify the business. We've done that really successfully in hindsight. It was an incredibly well-timed acquisition and we performed exceptionally well through the COVID years. And as we exit that period of time and look forward, our MSR concentration versus peers is really strong. It's a little bit on the high side. We looked at our business model and said, wholesale mortgage, we're one of the only lenders in there. The margins were really challenged and the outlook for rates don't necessarily suggest a [boom lift] (ph) of refi activity in the medium term. And so wholesale mortgage being a non-relationship business, we decided that it was time to move on and we're committed to correspond it. We're really committed to retail mortgage for relationship lending. But despite rates coming down, we do expect the mortgage market to be, call it, a $2 trillion originations platform in 2024, which is about a normalized mortgage market. So we should see some modest uptick in originations. And with rates coming back down, the servicing business might see a little bit of offsetting pressure. So I think we feel like we're in the right zone in terms of mortgage performance with where we're at Q4, within a range of normal volatility. And we're going to make sure that we're executing on driving up returns higher and making sure allocating balance sheets to deep relationship based customers, whether it's in the private bank or in the core retail business, to continue to offer that product to our very best customers.
Brendan Coughlin: I think it's well said. I won’t repeat it. I just would reiterate that I think the performance in Q4 is in line with what we would have hoped for in terms of the financial profile to drive that type of return over time. Obviously, more loan growth on the come and a lot of it will come down to our ability to drive wealth at scale and recall our targets end of 2025 are $11 billion in deposits, $9 billion in loans, and $10 billion in AUM. So if we deliver that profile, the kind of expense composition, the profitability profile we're seeing so far is aligned with that return. So we're going to work hard to deliver it and hopefully our performance from Q4 sustains in the first half.
Brendan Coughlin: Yeah, sure, I'll take that. Well, let me start big picture and then give you a little color on Q4 and expectations. So we've been talking for years that the investments we've made in transforming the consumer deposit base have truly been transformational for our performance. And I think that's what we're seeing here now that our consumer book is performing. At a worse case, peer-like, but certainly there are signs that we may be outperforming peers. We look at benchmarking. Our DDA balances were almost 300 basis points better than peer average this year, or last year rather, in 2023. And our net deposit growth was actually a couple hundred basis points better than peers as well, while our betas have been modestly better. So you look at that equation, better deposit growth, better beta, really grounded with an outperformance in DDA. That's a good place to be, and I expect regardless of what consumer behavior conditions we face in 2024 for our relative outperformance to sustain, and we're seeing those signs already. Having said that, on an absolute basis, what we saw in Q4 was a slowdown in consumers' deterioration and excess stimulus. It's still going on a path of normalizing, so we're still seeing that continue, but the pace of normalization has begun to slow and I think we should see that sustain in the first half of the year as rates start to tick down. On the interest-bearing side, competitive dynamics haven't really shifted yet. It's still fairly aggressive out there on CDs and money markets, but we believe we've got more levers than most with Citizens Access as a platform where we can contain interest bearing growth on the higher cost side, not put contagion, so to speak, into the full retail bank to reprice all of our interest bearing deposits gives us a real competitive advantage. And we're thinking about the private bank in some ways in a similar way. So we've got all the tools to compete. We do expect, as the rate curve follows as projected, interest-bearing deposits on the consumer side will start to come down as well. And we're starting to think about a mix of balances. We've got a lot of CDs that potentially can roll over here in the first part of the year that we'll be looking to have more balance and put some of those balances into liquid savings to give us more levers to manage down betas over the course of the year. So all that is to say I feel pretty good about how we are situated. We're starting to see good dynamics with the consumer expected to continue and I've got a lot of confidence that we will outperform peers in whatever environment comes our way.
