Sean Burke: Thank you, Kevin. Net interest margin was 2.53%, an increase of six basis points from the prior quarter. Higher asset yields, higher prepayment fees and stable deposit costs drove the improvement. The provision for loan losses was negative $2.5 million for the quarter and provision was impacted by improved credit quality metrics, including the level of nonaccrual loans, coupled with the decline in our loan portfolio balances. Our allowance remains robust and our credit and allowance ratios remain amongst the strongest in our peer group. Our allowance to nonaccrual loans coverage ratio was 248%, and our allowance as a percent of loans was 1.05% at September 30. Noninterest income totaled $14.8 million for the quarter, an increase of $2.1 million from the prior quarter on a core basis. The increase was attributable primarily to the success of our customer swap program. Noninterest expenses totaled $108.7 million, included in the expense total for the quarter was $3.3 million of compensation expenses related to employee severance and our shareholder litigation settlement. In addition, professional fees were elevated by approximately $2 million due to enhancements made to our commercial treasury management and online banking products as well as cost to improve our risk management process efficiency. Absent these items, noninterest expenses were relatively consistent quarter-over-quarter. Our effective tax rate was 28.8%, fairly consistent with the prior quarter. Now I’d like to turn it back over to Kevin for any concluding remarks.
Sean Burke: We expect it to return to a more normalized level, Mark. So I would play guide around the $105 million area is more appropriate, plus or minus $1 million.
Sean Burke: It really does depend on asset quality and loan growth. And this quarter, we benefited from the fact that loan balances were down, as Kevin alluded to, the strategy about allowing lower-yielding multifamily, commercial real estate and residential loans running off and associated high cost funding that goes along with that. So as that trended down, so did our allowance.
Sean Burke: And then Mark, I’d just like to add, like I mentioned, the pipeline, the 60 to 90 pipeline; it doesn't seem like any major loans around on the horizon in that time. Like I said, there's no loan margin in $3.3 million.
Sean Burke: Sure. There are some moving pieces there, but regardless of the Fed cuts in October, we expect margin will trend higher in the fourth quarter, Mark, driven by lower deposit costs and our emphasis on higher-yielding commercial loans. We forecast the margin to expand around five basis points in the fourth quarter.
Sean Burke: I think that’s regardless of what happens to prepayment penalties. It is a wild card, but the guidance that I gave, I think we're being relatively conservative when it comes to prepayment penalty.
Sean Burke: Mark, just a clarification point. I think you were asking our core margin. So the guidance I was giving is a core margin lift to primarily, as Domenick and Kevin described, improvements related to deposit costs or a trend downward in deposit costs and also our continued remix of the balance sheet to higher-yielding commercial loans.
Sean Burke: We don’t have that in front of us. And I think the point we were trying to make that Kevin was alluding to is that this quarter, we benefited more from prepayment fees. We saw deposit cost inflect. We're slightly down. And we expect to see deposit cost trend even lower going into the fourth quarter.
Sean Burke: Steve, there is an opportunity for us to re-price those at lower levels. I'd say the bigger opportunity that I'd highlight remains with respect to our broker deposits and our CD book. There's significant savings there as those re-price. The average life of the brokered CD book and our retail CDs is inside of a year and probably closer to six months on average, and we're going to see a tremendous amount of re-pricing, on average, what we see re-pricing, is around that – currently around the 230 area, and we believe that it will re-price down to around the 180 area.
Sean Burke: Yes. The consulting fees are done for the year. We think we were pretty specific on what we use the money for, and we've – those expenses were one-time. We will see some additional expense reductions in the fourth quarter. And we had a change in employee account. We've reduced headcount. And that will happen – that will be reflected in the fourth quarter.
Sean Burke: No. It’s elevated this quarter. So, Steve, we estimate that approximately $2 million of expense of advertising and professional fees will be taken out.
Sean Burke: Not absent the Gold Coast deal. So what I'd say is we're expecting the Gold Coast deal to close in the first quarter, and we have communicated our desire to repurchase the stock equal to the stock that we're issuing in connection with the transaction. So outside of that, what I would say is we do remain committed to buying back our stock especially at these levels, and we'll continue to buy back at these levels. And we'll have more to report in terms of guidance on the fourth quarter call.
Sean Burke: In terms of a tangible common ratio, we have talked about an 8.5% to 9% into a common equity ratio to tangible assets.
Kevin Cummings: Good. Thanks, Sean. I have been out on the road recently with shareholders and potential in California and Boston. It is clear to us that we need to continue our transition through a commercial bank and enhance our transition from a trip to a full service bank. We need to work smarter and more efficiently, and I emphasize more efficiently, to maintain our strong risk and credit culture while improving our operating matrices. There is a strong focus here at the bank on our culture and investors that is focused on driving shareholder value. We certainly are not satisfied with our results, but are dedicated to making the changes, and change is difficult sometimes, but necessary to improve our returns with the goal of a 10% return on equity by the end of 2021. We have a plan and we are a different bank that wants to make a difference with its employees, our customers and the communities that we serve. And if we continue to serve these groups, our shareholders and owners, you, will be rewarded. There is strong momentum going into the fourth quarter in 2020. It’s a different feel at the price, especially after being out of the BSA order, but we need to execute on our plans, execute on our strategy with both the retail and commercial customers. We feel pretty good about the quarter, and I think we are moving forward with tremendous opportunity in the marketplace for a bank our size. We thank you for your support. And now I’d like to turn the call over to for some questions. Thank you very much.
Kevin Cummings: We’re certainly focused on the Gold Coast transaction. We filed the S-4 this week. And I think we continue to look at situations, but we've continued to be mindful of where our stock is trading at and the opportunities that allows us to execute on it. I think there's a lot of discussion and activity in the marketplace. We have opportunities to look at a lot of things, but we're going to be very prudent in our approach and mindful of tangible book value dilution. I don't think anything has changed at the organization, but I think it's – we're pretty consistent on that message, and we'll continue to execute on the Gold Coast deal and – because of the opportunities that, that provides us.
Kevin Cummings: I think you're always going to be – this is Kevin, I think you're always going to be looking at the credit, and it's always going to be an issue. But there are other factors that impact that, is rising rates, the reset value. Right now, it's been benign, because treasury rates went down, people could reset and not have to go out and get an appraisal. So we really haven't seen – we haven't done – we've done very little refi in the New York market over the course of this past year. So because of the interest rates, they just reset and they don't go out and get an appraisal in that type of situation. If you look at where we are today, I think a big issue in the CRE space is property taxes. I mean, if that impacts your net cash flow, that certainly will be a credit event if property taxes go up. So with the facts and circumstances that we know today and the way things are – our borrowers are reacting to the change in regulation, it's to be seen. And we don't think there's a credit event on the horizon at this point in time. But if some other factors should change where all of a sudden, the resets make the NOIs more difficult or – and the cash flows change, that could have an impact, property taxes could have an impact. But the majority of our bias and our overall exposure to this is not that significant. Of the $8 billion that we have in New York City – in the – $8 billion in multifamily, we're looking at possibly $800,000 to $1 million in exposure in this space that our borrowers would be impacted.
Kevin Cummings: Okay. Well, I want to thank you for participating on the call today. Again, we feel it's been a strong quarter. We're at an inflection point with respect to our net interest margin. I guess that's one of the advantages of being an outlier, being a liability-sensitive organization. But we're still on that journey to continue to evolve into a full-service commercial bank. Our credit is strong. Our capital is strong. We've declared a dividend of $0.11, and we continue to make improvements in our infrastructure, our technology and our risk management. I want to thank you for participating on the call, and I look forward to seeing you out and about on the road. Thank you very much.
Domenick Cama: Yes. Mark. It’s Domenick. The C&I pipeline is about $900 million and has an average yield of about 480.
Domenick Cama: Mark, just a point to add to what Sean's comments were. Approximately 25% of our deposits are tied to the Fed fund's index. So, the fourth quarter will result in a full quarter of benefit, if you will, for the two rate cuts that have occurred in July and in September.
Domenick Cama: Laurie, I think the primary cut were in our online accounts. We had approximately $350 million there at a rate of $250 million. Those are down to $190 million. We've lowered all of our CD rates. And as I said, we have – a significant portion of this deposit were tied to Fed funds, which is benefiting the cost of funds also.
Domenick Cama: They should hold up well, Steve. I'm looking at the average loan yield that – for C&I and CRE, and it's north of 4.25%. So, 4.25% is where we are on multifamily and CRE, and about 4.75% on multifamily – I'm sorry, on C&I.
Domenick Cama: What I would just add out to what Kevin pointed out on the credit front is that the shape of the yield curve also has something to do with it in the sense that in order to be in that market, you need to be somewhere between 3 and 3/8 and 3 1/2. That's what the latest color is showing. We're at 3 5/8, and so it's a deliberate attempt to reduce the asset, because of the spread implications, right. With the yield curve being inverted as it is, it's dilutive to NIM. So, we're being very careful about those types of assets coming on the balance sheet.
Domenick Cama: Yes. I think that our objective is to keep the balance sheet steady. So, I'm not sure if it will continue to decline. I can tell you that we have lowered rates over the last few weeks. We've got the benefit of the lower cost on the liability side, so that's given us a little bit more opportunity to be more competitive in that market. But we're going to be very careful about the volume of loans in the multifamily book coming on because quite frankly, we want to increase the portion of C&I loans on the balance sheet just in our transition to a commercial bank.
Domenick Cama: To some degree, at this point, I would say that it's not a one-for-one request between multi and C&I, but we're going through a number of new hires, and we expect that we can build up to that level. Also, we have expanded some aspects of commercial real estate lending like non-multifamily assets and construction assets. So we think with those two categories and C&I, that we can pretty much fill the gap or fill up the negative of the multifamily amortization and payoffs.
