Bruce Van Saun: Thanks, John and I think you missed the first quarter there. You said the fourth. Everybody knew what you're talking about. So, let's turn to page 27 and let's focus on where we're taking Citizens over the medium term. We have a mission to really make a difference for our customers, colleagues and communities, so that they can reach their potential. Things that can focus on and deliver this will build long-term franchise value and stand out in a crowded banking landscape. We aim to become a top performing, widely admired bank. To get there, we will rely on our customer centric culture, our mindset of continuous improvement and building excellent capabilities. And our Credo informs and guides our culture and behaviors. This mission, vision and credo really resonates with our stakeholders and is a key foundation of our past success and it's an important reason I am confident in our future outlook. On page 28, let me identify some of the keys to taking our financial performance to the next level. The good news is that we believe there's plenty more for us to do to drive improved performance. We have plenty of fuel left in the tank so to speak. I’ll highlight a couple of things here on this page. First, we believe that our commitment to continuous improvement through execution of TOP programs and BSO is differentiating and will drive continued outperformance versus peers. Second, we are excited about the opportunities to leverage the investments that we've made in our fee based businesses over the last few years. I think overall, we have a tremendous opportunity to continue investing, to build up these businesses and to realize the revenue potential in our franchise. And lastly, prudent capital management and balance sheet rate positioning will continue to help drive improving returns. On page 29, we unveil our new medium term financial targets. You can see that we've outlined our expectations for the overall economic environment, which is relatively constructive, particularly given the recent tax legislation. Over the medium term, we expect to deliver continued improvement in ROTCE, moving to 13% to 15%, including the benefit from the recent tax legislation. We expect a rising rate environment to be helpful in reaching our targets, as we are factoring in that short rates will increase on average a little over two times per year, given the current rate curve. We expect to deliver solid top line growth while driving annual positive operating leverage in the range of 3% to 5%. This should lead to continued efficiency ratio improvement down to 52% to 56% and we also expect to see some normalization in credit from the excellent performance that we're seeing today. And we continue to be focused on returning capital to shareholders through our repurchase program and targeting a dividend payout of 35% to 40%. Over this timeframe, we would expect to reduce our CET1 ratio by approximately 30 to 40 basis points annually to a target of around 10%. As we did with the original ROTCE walk, we presented an updated version with a roadmap of how we think we can go from roughly 10% today to 14% on a full year basis give or take with time. So to sum up, page 30, we feel that we've delivered strong results in Q4 and for full year 2017. We will maintain our mindset of continuous improvement in 2018 and we will look to drive more TOP and BSO program benefits. We feel our balance sheet capital and credit position remain robust and as we head into 2018, we feel very good about our ability to grow the business and drive towards our new targets. We're making good steady progress across the board as we aim to become a top performing bank. So with that, operator Brad, let's open it up for some questions.
Bruce Van Saun: Sure. So I think certainly in the near term, most of that tax benefit flows through. We announced at the end of the year the bonus program for certain employees here and a contribution to the community foundation that we run, which I think was the right thing to do. We're looking at our overall technology spend. I think, we've been funding that at a very good clip. So, at the margin, we might try to get a few more things through a little faster, but I think that's really at the margin. So I think that in terms of our own spend, we're going to mainly let it flow through. I think the question over time is what happens in the marketplace to some of our peers. We don't intend to lead on this, but do some folks offer a little bit back and get more aggressive on loan terms, for example, that takes the market to a different place than it is today. I don't anticipate that happening in the near term, but we'll see how that plays out over time. So we're optimistic that there should be a pretty good benefit that we get to produce in 2018 from the overall tax reform and I think that should be pretty well sustainable in our view, although over time, you might see a little bit of it competed away. Just in terms of where we're spending money, one of the things that we've been pleased with is we've said that for much of the last five years, we were playing catch up in terms of our technology spend in freshening our application suite and the infrastructure that we run. We're now moving to the good news having been largely caught up, we can focus on playing “offence”. And so there's a lot more funding going into things like digital, so the origination and fulfillment platforms that will create efficiencies and better customer experiences. So I'd say that's really where the future spend is going.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah. So I think the medium term, we're being, I think, just a little less specific than we were during the IPO walk when we kind of laid it out and said, it was three years and we hope to get the 10% by Q4 of ’16. It actually took us three quarters more to do that. We executed the plan well, but we didn't get the lift in rates that we had anticipated. So I think our view now is to be a little less specific, just call it, medium term, but I still think you kind of think in terms of three year cycles. And so, I'd say it's fundamentally roughly a three year view plus or minus depending on what happens in the environment. Again, one of the keys will be what happens with rates over that period. You can see on the walk on the page that still we have an asset sensitive position. We still expect to get a benefit from that. If we look at triage among dot plots, consensus estimates, forward curve, we come up with an expectation right now that we should see two rate hikes per year for the next three years. That includes ’18, 19 and ’20. So that's built into the forecast here. One of the things I will point out is notwithstanding, we had far fewer hikes than what we assumed when we put the IPO targets out we found other ways to compensate. We got more positive operating leverage than we anticipated. So we're not sitting here reliant on the rates, but they certainly would create a tailwind if that scenario develops.
Bruce Van Saun: It takes away some. So, John, you could add here, but I think we don't anticipate a full parallel shift. But, if we really had a pure flattening of the curve, that would take away a percentage of the benefit.
Bruce Van Saun: I think Geoffrey, getting down to 10 to 10.25 is part of the medium term targets. And there's a bunch of things that go into that. It's the spot posture that the regulators have regarding the stress test, but then also the rating agencies and what you're targeting in terms of your credit rating. And so I think the good news here is that we can get a very acceptable ROEs, medium term ROEs and still maintain what we think is a strong capital position that gives us flexibility as John described.
Bruce Van Saun: I'd say there's really no change there. There is beginning to be an appetite to do what I would describe as fee based bolt-ons. So the, Western Reserve M&A boutique that we bought in 2017 I think was a great transaction and it's working really well, integrated well and we're getting lots of two way flow with that property. I think we could do more things in commercial, in the capital markets space to keep building out our capabilities. Over on consumer, we have I think a desire to really capture the potential that we have in wealth management in the organization. We've been doing that organically and so there could be opportunities potentially to add through acquisition there. And then, I'd say there's other opportunities around mortgage, for example, buying MSRs, if you want to account that as an acquisition is another thing and maybe some things in the payment space and some of the things we're doing with fin-tech. So I think we've built the capabilities now. We have a strong team that can look outside the organization to spot opportunities and react to opportunities. But again, I think it's walk before you run. It's to relatively safe, well thought out deals that are right in the middle of the fairway that are accretive and get us, like I like to say, farther down the track faster versus an organic pathway and then the rest of it is, let's keep focus on running the bank better and getting that organic growth and let's not get distracted going off and looking for bank M&A.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. I think this will be a team effort, but Brad, why don't you start with the color on the consumer side and some of the geographic markets that we have.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. John, do you want to fill in the blanks on the betas? A - John Woods Sure. Yeah. So on the betas, you’re right. I mean I think when we mentioned last quarter that we expected betas to be lower this quarter, that wasn’t a Fed move. That would drive it in 4Q. And so that occurred and as expected, I think looking forward, you could think about similar behavior in the quarters in which there's a Fed hike, in the quarter that after the Fed hike, you can see betas rise and that’s as expected. We're right on our glide path in terms of where we expected to be on betas. We're in the low-20 on beta, just up a tiny bit from – in 4Q and we expect that to stay in the 20s as we see things progress throughout 2018, maybe getting up towards 30. If we get those two hikes, we'll be more than halfway through an overall tightening cycle and we’ll be about halfway through our overall beta estimate of around 60%. So, things are progressing on plan.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah. And I think what's interesting to note is that we have a pipeline of potentially some other partners that are going to be coming on stream as the year goes by, which should continue to add to the growth.
Bruce Van Saun: Sure. Why don't I start and then John you can provide more of the details. But I'd say that we still remain quite positive on the trajectory we've had on the commercial side of the house. So we've been adding clients and building up our capabilities so that we can do more for those clients. So that's a very strong powerful combination to have broader capabilities and a growing client book. And so if you look probably over the last three years, I think our fees on the commercial side have grown in double digits, low double digits, 11%, 12%, really on the back of capital markets and then also, what we call, global markets, which is FX and interest rate hedging, which we used to do in conjunction with RBS, and we’re able to break that away and set up a great operation on our own. So, those we expect to continue to grow. And as you mentioned Matt, what we call treasury solutions here, the cash management business being the biggest element of that should get a real kick probably not till late in the year, because the re-platforming starts to roll out late this year, but I think we've made steady improvements to the platform and now we're going to take a step function to having a really terrific platform. And so I think we’ll start to get even more traction on treasury solutions. Treasury solutions, I think, has been growing in the high single digits, even without that. So we've had strengthened our card offerings and our payables offerings and some of the other areas, but not as much in the core cash management space. And then on the consumer side, really the wealth to us remains the really big upside area and we've fought a few headwinds, by having mix shift and kind of how we approached the business and how the business plays out in terms of products, but we're moving much more towards a managed money orientation as opposed to a transactional orientation around annuities. And so, in the short term, that's been a headwind. But in the long term, that's actually quite positive, because it will build up more annuity like book of revenues and I think those lines are getting pretty close to crossing and you can see in Q4, we had a nice step up and we would expect to see that continue. Mortgage, as we've talked about, we've had fits and starts in that business. I think we now have a strategy that focuses more on conforming in the mix. So let's really get the retail channel the way we want it, more focused on conforming. Let's move and invest in our direct to consumer business and then let's get scale in the servicing by buying some MSRs. So I think we have a good strategy there. We've actually built a very good platform. Our fulfillment and service and capabilities are very strong. So we think that business will contribute as well. So that would be my kind of long winded highlight. And I don't know if I left any for you, John to fill in, but go ahead.
Bruce Van Saun: So that investment is not just paying dividends in the mortgage business. It’s also in the HELOC business and it will be in all our portfolios.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah. I'd say it's a combination of things, but the same positive operating leverage that works for the company is what we have to effect in the consumer business in order to keep driving that down. I think it -- actually when I was here, it probably was close to 80%, so we've had good headway in getting it this far. There's a number of things that are going on on the cost side of the equation. Brad has been a leader in the TOP programs and looking for efficiencies and straight through processing and that will continue. We're trying to reduce the overall size of the branches in terms of our branch transformation efforts. So there's a little bit of pruning of the number of locations, but the greater element of that program is trying to take 4200 square foot branches and turn them into 2500 or 2200 square foot branches. And so we're, I’d say, by 2021, I think we'll have gone through 50% of the branches as the target. So we're focused on that. That'll continue to hive down some of the costs and a good chunk of that will be reinvested in digital. But I think you can get more efficient in terms of your touch points with your customers in a digital sense than versus the higher cost full branch structure. So -- anyway so there's good work going on, on the expense side of the house. And then on revenues, we've got to get back to growing households. We think some of the investments that we're making in having well thought out products that for different segments for the affluent, the mass affluent, the mass customer is gaining traction. So that's helpful. We've invested in something we call, customer journeys, to try to really make like for example, the account opening experience, be really pleasurable for the new customer and that has a good impact on keeping that customer, the fraud experience, problem resolution, there's a number of these journeys that we’re re-engineering from front to back, which I think will help boost the top line by reducing attrition, increasing loyalty and increasing crosssell and the consumer portfolios also are contributing. So as we grow personal and secured and education, et cetera, those portfolios drop a lot of net interest income to the bottom line. So, I think what we're expecting for the whole company in terms of driving that efficiency ratio down, we have to get that from consumer and we see it. We have a path to do that.
Bruce Van Saun: And I think Don you can comment on this, but probably the new thing is the non-bank’s competition has really picked up.
Bruce Van Saun: What I would say Peter first off is that's about the guidance that we gave for 2017 was I think the same exact range that we're giving for 2018. So we were very favorably surprised by how strong the environment was and how all of our credit metrics improved. I think when you now turn the calendar and look at ’18, one of the questions is we want to get the loan growth in the range that we talked about, midpoint of that is 5.25, something like that. So you would be adding to reserves to fund the loan growth. What happened this year is that even though we thought that covered was pretty bare in terms of problem credits or back book issues, we still had a lot of positive surprises. So whatever we needed to fund in terms of the allowance build, we actually had offsets coming in, in terms of back book improvements. I don't know if you can -- again if you're really clean, can you count on that happening again. So I think we're being conservative here and just saying, well, let's assume we get the loan growth and let's assume we don't have a lot coming from back book credit improvements, then that would start to move your provision number higher. There's also a little bit of seasoning in some of the consumer portfolios that will start to move the charge-off number up a little bit, certainly, well behaved and in control, but that would also be a factor that comes with a good thing, if all the net interest income is being delivered. So anyway, I'd say that's our call at this point, if 2017 -- 2018 plays out like 2017, there could be some positive upside there.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah. So I’ll start and Brad you can complement. But, yeah, I think we will have more announcements this year. We're working on some things that are in pilots and so stay tuned. But this is a -- I think we provide a very high quality customer experience and a good partnership experience for our partners. And so there's other folks who want to see if they can do a program similar to what we pioneered with Apple. And I think each of the arrangements has its own negotiation around how the economics are going to work and so kind of the pricing that we get is oriented around a targeted rate of return. And so if there is more loss sharing that we don't need as much for the use of our balance sheet and vice versa. So anyway, we're pleased in general that we can offer the flexibility. We can construct these things around the rate of return and we think that the risk adjusted rate of return that we're getting are attractive at this point.
Bruce Van Saun: And Ken, you may recall the trajectory that we used to put up quarters in the 20s for capital markets and we had the 30s, the 40s, 50s and I was joking that 50 is the new 30, but I think there will be some volatility based on market conditions and when deals close. And so we're pleased that the investments we have in the business have borne fruit, that the environment has been healthy and we would expect the capital markets on a year-over-year basis to be up in 2018 versus 2017.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. Well, we have actually worked to try to bring that down gradually. So the history was, we were probably in the 93 zone when I arrived and we needed to sell the Chicago region to fund the separation from RBS and some charges we had to take. So we took the gain and that ultimately removed net about 5 billion of deposits that put the LDR up around 99. We printed a year end spot of 97.6. And our guidance has been to bring that to 97 to 98. I do think there's still a psychological impact, if you go over 100. So I do think we are working to keep below that and maybe over time, bring the LDR back towards 95 or so. Having said that, I think another thing is happening. As you point out, the LCR is actually a much more sharp instrument to determine what's the nature of your actual liquidity and funding position. And so there, we've had a very strong LCR just because we have in the deposits a high percentage of our deposits come from consumer, which stress test very, very well and we've termed out all of our borrowings. We have the same kind of term funding structure that our peers do, which we didn't have originally. So when the LCR begins to be published and I think investors pay more attention to that, I think the LDR over time becomes the secondary measurement. But at the current time, we're still managing it. We're pleased with where we have the LCR and we feel very good about our overall liquidity and funding position.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay, great. Thanks, everyone for dialing in today. We appreciate your interest and also your support along our journey. We're pleased with the progress that we're making. We recognize however that there is still plenty of work in front of us to build a truly great bank. So thanks again and have a great day.
John Woods: Yeah. That’s exactly right. I mean, we've built in an expectation that short rates will rise, that will rise faster than long rates over that timeframe, so we’ve already got that built in. Even if that occurs, we can still stay on this path and it's anchored not only through our 5% asset sensitivity, but the fact that that will actually moderate over time along with the flattening, so that’s built in.
John Woods: Yeah. I mean that's right. You’ve got that right. We're coming in around 1% for the first quarter and to get to that 4.5% to 5.5% that we're talking about, things will pick up later in the year. I mean, we came out of 4Q and saw that in the industry as well as in our own businesses, a little bit of softening in some of our areas that which drive that loan growth, but we're seeing some pick up and the pipelines are strong. And as we go through the first quarter, if we can realize those pipelines and see the pull through that we expect and we'll see a pickup later in the year. The key areas that would drive that on the consumer side continue to be education loans and mortgage as well as on secured. And on the commercial side, we've been investing in our geographies, in our growth markets and opportunity and talent along with that geographic expansion. And so, those things will continue to drive growth into 2018.
John Woods: I’ll go ahead and I’ll start off on that. The outlook of 9 to 12 basis points for 2018, in terms of deposit betas, those are built in, where deposit betas are behaving as expected at this point in the tightened cycle for us. We did have some expectations that betas would continue to increase. The farther we get into the tightening cycle, so that is built in to the 9 to 12 basis points that we're talking about. And so, I think by – if we do get that April and October move from the Fed, we'll be right on target with moving towards the potential of the 300 basis points through the cycle move and we’re right on track from that perspective. So we felt pretty good about that NIM outlook, given what we've built in on betas.
John Woods: We’ve been targeting this approximately 40 basis points or so of capital decline glide path over time. I think that serves us well over a couple of -- through a couple of lenses. We still have opportunities for deploying that capital and when we find opportunities to deploy that capital organically and in an accretive way, we think that's a good use of the capital. We continue to compare the ability to deploy the capital against what the economics would be of a buyback and when we find opportunities that are accretive, we would deploy that on behalf of shareholders and that glide path over time will -- we will resume that march downward. This past year, we were the victim of basically higher earnings and a little bit lower RWA usage as we talked about earlier on the call in terms of loan growth and of course the tax legislations. So I think there are some unique factors that were at play in 2017 and I think we'll get back on that glide path reduction on CET 1 in 2018 and beyond.
John Woods: It’s been a good quarter for us on the unsecured side. So our partnerships, including the Apple relationship, has been strong, so we’ve seen good growth there. We’ve seen good growth in our core product, our personal and secured loan and we see upside in both of those areas and we've seen continued strength in demand for the product as well. So all of those are good risk adjusted assets and we see some good runway in all of those products.
John Woods: You got most of it, Bruce. And you covered and I think the theme is we've invested in all of these fee income capabilities by adding seasoned wealth, adding one-off, there is mortgage, the leadership investments that we make across the commercial phase, re-platforming, we've done product enhancements and advanced with the re-platforming. So, all of that will drive towards the mid single digit growth that we're targeting for 2018 on the fee side and we’re going to be working hard to achieve that goal.
John Woods: Yes. Just a point or two, I think, a good way to think about it in an environment such as 2018 where we expect rates to move and we've got 94 basis points, I think the number that you heard from Bruce around 30% to 40% is a good way to think about would be to contribute. And in a period where there is no rate moves, really, a lot of the drive comes from BSO. So for example, in 4Q, there was a little bit of rate overhang left in 4Q, so 3 basis points that you saw in 4Q, maybe close to 2 of that came from BSO, because we didn't have a rate move. But again, when you get out to ’18, they will go back to 30% to 40%, Ken, as you heard from Bruce. So that probably helps you think about it. And actually, really it doubled down on -- in an environment where there is no rate move, we're still focused on self-help and we're still driving net interest margin in an environment like that.
John Woods: Yeah. I'll start off and then I’ll turn it over to Brad or Bruce or whoever wants to add in, but -- and I think the -- I think auto will be a gradual glide over the medium term and we frankly use that as a way to drive upside by finding higher risk return opportunities in the education space or in other areas in unsecured and that allows us to run down the auto book on that kind of path. So that will give you a sense for basically what we expect there and maybe I’ll let Brad to add a lot of detail.
John Woods: Yeah. So we would -- when we look at the HELOC on a risk adjusted return basis, it's very attractive and it's a great product for the mass affluent, which is a key segment of our consumer base. So we're still investing in that business. We've really improved the customer experience. We have great net promoter scores. We're going through a much faster fulfillment cycle. So I think we're very keen on that business. On auto, I'd say we've been using that when there was not much loan demand, we ran it from 10 billion or 11 billion, up to 14 billion and now we have it back down in the 13s and it's running back down to 10 or 11. So that is -- because it's a two year duration, relatively short portfolio, we can use that as a shock absorber based on what other loan demand is out there in the marketplace. And right now, we're in a mode of withdrawing capital from that business, but the HELOC has been, as Brad said, more environmental. We want to grow that business. We're actually putting new lines on the books, but we're still suffering from paydowns.
John Woods: I don't think so. I mean I think that we set that target in part related to business opportunities that we talked about before and the fact that we continue to have organic and other opportunities to deploy capital over time that are accretive that we want to balance against the capital return and just where we are in our life cycle as a company post IPO. It just feels like an appropriate glide path, whether that SIFI threshold was at 50 billion or 250 billion. We of course are supportive of that directionally and believe that that would help moderate the interactions that we're having with the regulators, but I think the glide path would remain.
John Woods: Yeah. And I think, we have all of those tools in the toolbox with respect to our deposit categories and from time to time, we will have a promotional strategy on term, which allows us to control cannibalization and other things that may happen in a promotional approach, but we're more pleased with our DBA growth and really that's the driver of all of the initiatives that you're hearing about, coming out of the consumer space with all the investments that we're meeting there in terms of better pricing and investments in data and analytics. And the targeting that we're doing there from a digital perspective, so our emphasis is on DDA and from time to time, we can serve our customers in a promotional way through term.
John Woods: Yeah. I think the way to answer that is, it's going to be a moving mix of fees across M&A and bond underwriting and syndicated lending and leverage finance based on deal flow that’s materializing. I will say with the changes in tax legislation, we expect more activity in general. There was one slight anomaly in the fourth quarter that we called a couple of deals forward in the third quarter in terms of closing. And if you pushed into the first quarter, so it was always a timing difference and we did see people, both on the M&A side and on the syndicated loan side basically migrate around at year end, based on what their individual cash aspects of their transaction are. So I look at it not on a quarter-on-quarter basis, but on a year-on-year basis. And you're going to have quarterly anomalies I think. We feel good about the, as I said before, the breadth of that business now, the position we have in terms of underwriting and climbing up the tables and the swings we're having based on the size of the client base and the fact that that’s growing.
John Woods: No. It just happens naturally. So as rates are higher, deposit betas go up and so you capture less from the moves that are late in a hike cycle as opposed to the earlier ones. And so we're not intending to say, this is the precise moment to put a big hedge on a neutralizer sensitivity. In fact, we've actually tried to maintain it a little bit here and we'll just let it glide down naturally with time.
Don McCree: I think that's right. I think just to echo what John and Bruce said, I think we are seeing the pipelines build. We're seeing the M&A pipelines build faster than the loan pipelines. We think the loans will follow the M&A pipelines and are indicative of new money demand we might see and I would remind people that we really rolled out the regional strategies midyear last year, so they're going to begin to take hold this year as we add new clients. So we’ve got a combination of more activity with our existing clients and then adding new opportunities into the book.
Don McCree: Yeah. I’d say the same thing. I mean, it was really beginning -- at the beginning of last year, where I felt we really organized the business around strategic deposit gathering. And before that, I think we were lurching a little bit in and out of the market in terms of gathering deposits and we're now managing over a multi-quarter basis, so that’s helped us gather with our core clients in a much better way and contain costs at the same time.
Don McCree: I might just add one thing on the mortgage side. You talked about the shift to direct to consumer. Really, our growth up until now has been almost exclusively through hiring loan officers. But as we've been doing that, we’ve been making 1 billion investment in building the capability for direct to consumer, so building the data now really need to underpin your ability to do direct mail and digital offering and that investment has been made. So we think we really are at a point [indiscernible]
Don McCree: Yeah. On the commercial side, it's as aggressive as it’s ever been and it's basically a deal by deal, borrower by borrower. I think it's been down drafting materially for several quarters, if not several years. So I think we're getting to a point where you're probably not going to see material incremental downdrafts. So I think we've seen a lot of it, although every transaction is quite competitive, both on bank balance sheets and on site balance sheets through this intermediation of the bond market and the non-bank markets also. So it's an environment that we've been operating in for the last several years and we expect this to continue, but we're navigating.
Don McCree: And that's significant in the leverage finance business as in the underwriting business. I think for us, some of that’s being offset and the one thing we didn’t talk about in terms of the progression of the fee revenues is in addition to the investments we've been making. We want to take increasing leadership positions in the transactions that we’re involved in. So while we were a participant several years ago, we were moving to a joint leader ranger, now moving to a ranger, which while we’re growing the business also is allowing us to capture a greater share of both balance sheet economics and fee economics on a transaction by transaction basis. So the fact as you know, it's kind of a put and take constantly, but net net, we're doing pretty well.
Don McCree: I think they're right around mid-30s and I think relatively stable across the year, up and down a tick, and up a little bit year-over-year, so maybe low-30s ending 2016, getting into the low to the mid-30s here at the end of 2017. So about as expected.
Brad Conner: I would say for the most part, competition has been pretty well behaved. We've seen a little bit of increased competition on the money market side, but for the most part, the competition has been pretty well behaved, the deposit costs have been well behaved and competition has been pretty attractive. We are continuing to make investments in our ability to be more targeted in our deposit offerings. So, we're really moving away from promotional pricing and investing in analytics and the ability to do targeted digital offerings, targeted direct mail offerings, which we think will help us keep our deposit costs lower and keep our betas in check, but competitively, we feel pretty good about where the market's been.
Brad Conner: Yeah. So let me add on the home equity side. So there's an interesting dynamic on the home equity side, which is that home equity line of credit has a 10-year draw cycle and then it moves into repayment. So for the industry and for Citizens, the big books of origination were back in the 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 timeframe. So, our largest books that are hitting the end of the draw period come to an end in 2008. So that's really what more of the drag has been for both the industry and the Citizens and senior home equity portfolio grow. We have a big step down in home equity line starting in 2009 that hit the end of their draw period. So we do think that, I’m sorry, 2019, is when you will start to see home equity grow because we won’t have that headwind of a large book sitting in the end of the draw period.
Brad Conner: I would say on the consumer side, we haven't seen a lot of change. It’s been pretty – certainly, the market has been rational without question, a few competitors have entered in the rural space, the education and refinance space, but it really hasn't moved the market much, and in fact obviously on the auto side, we’ve maybe seen margins even widens a little bit on the auto side, which is encouraging.
Brad Conner: Yeah. I really don't have anything to add other than I really completely -- we expect to have more partnership announcements this year and expect to have then, some degree of risk sharing through all the partnerships.
Brad Conner: I think you said it well, we think there's a good opportunity and continued DDA growth. We’re pleased with the progress we have there this year.
