Thomas F. Splaine Jr.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I’m Thomas Splaine, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and we’ll begin this morning’s call with a standard forward-looking statement disclosure. On this call, representatives of Investors Bancorp, Inc. may make some forward-looking statements with respect to our financial position, our results of operations, business and prospects. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond Investors Bancorp’s control and are difficult to predict and can cause our actual results to materially differ from those expressed or forecasted in these forward-looking statements. In our press release and in our earnings release we have included our Safe Harbor disclosure. We refer you to that statement, and these documents are incorporated into this presentation. For a more complete discussion of certain risks and uncertainties affecting Investors Bancorp, please see the section entitled risk factors, management’s discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations set forth in Investors Bancorp’s filings with the SEC. And now I’d like to turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Cummings; and Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Domenick Cama.
Thomas F. Splaine Jr.: We haven’t projected with Roma yet, because we’re still working on that, but we’re looking at about $56 million to $57 million of quarterly run rate, that’s without Roma.Matthew Kelley – Sterne Agee & Leach, Inc: Okay. Got it.
Thomas F. Splaine Jr.: Yeah. As far as the refi split, the first quarter saw about 75% refi businesses versus purchases. It’s been about 70% in April, but with this recent rally in the 10-year treasury, our mortgage company has seen a pickup in applications. In terms of pricing, we’re looking at probably about 2 75, about a 2 75 price profit on mortgages.Matthew Kelley – Sterne Agee & Leach, Inc: Okay. Gotcha. All right. Thank you.
Thomas F. Splaine Jr.: Sure. Collyn, the loan-to-deposit ratio right now is just shy of 120%. And in the past we’ve taken the number as high as 125%, although I’ll tell you that 125% makes us uncomfortable. We don’t really like to be above that level. In terms of the remainder of the year and the future, that’s why we’re so happy to have the Roma transaction coming along, because Roma’s loan-to-deposit ratio is about 60%. And on a pro forma basis we see our loan-to-deposit ratio coming down to about – somewhere about 110% to 111%. So that helps us there, right there. Also Roma has a big portfolio of securities that we’re looking at and trying to decide how many of those securities we’ll keep going into the acquisition. The thought is that perhaps we would sell off a portion of those securities so as we could reduce borrowings a little bit more. But in terms of our own comfort zone, we’re perfectly content running somewhere between 110% and 115%, 120% loan-to-deposit ratio.
Thomas F. Splaine Jr.: So I can’t pinpoint one specific month where it all came it. It was really, as Kevin said, it was really consistently applied during the three month period.
Thomas F. Splaine Jr.: I’ve listened to a few conference calls this past quarter of banks in the New York market, who everybody says the same thing, that the competition is irrational. And certainly we’ve run into our share of competition in which there’s some pricing that is difficult to match. We have yet to break the 3% barrier in terms of multifamily pricing, although I know some of our competitors have. Certainly, it is intense. Not only do you have a number of banks who have reentered the market, you also now have the bigger, the financial institutions, the larger financial institutions making – getting back on their feet and coming into the market and having an impact, even on some of the smaller community bank business. So I’ll just answer your question, Collyn, by saying yeah, the market remained intense. It’s been intense for the last year or so, and it hasn’t let up yet.
Thomas F. Splaine Jr.: Yeah. Mark, we have just over the next quarter about $500 million in CDs that are maturing from a weighted average cost of 68 basis points to about 40 basis points. So we’re looking at somewhere around a 25 basis point pickup on $0.5 million in CDs repricing. We also had about $200 million in federal home loan bank borrowings that have repriced already during the quarter. We’re picking up about 200 basis points on that $200 million. So that is going to have a significant impact on the cost of borrowings for the quarter.
Thomas F. Splaine Jr.: We have some borrowings that are maturing towards the latter part of the year, but it really is not a significant as the $200 million that we had come due this quarter.
Thomas F. Splaine Jr.: Okay. Well we’d like to thank you for your participation today. We’re well positioned and moving forward with the Roma and Gateway transactions and it was a very good quarter but we’re still working hard to bring value to our shareholders. We thank you for everything and thank you for your support. Have a great day.
