Joe Jolson: You know, Carter Mack here, he is the probably best person to answer that question, so I’ll just turn it over.
Joe Jolson: It’s difficult to get market share numbers on the M&A business, but just when you look at our business, it’s in the -- I would say smaller CAP, under $1 billion kind of market CAP or values space and probably within that it’s closer to under $500 million. So it’s a little bit less sensitive to general market conditions because of that but its most sell-side assignments as well, which is banker or the kind of assignments that you want to get typically. And we have grown that area through selective hires in the last three years and we have had some people who progressed among the ranks internally here who are doing a really good job, who have been promoted and are coming on strong as well that’s been driving that.
Joe Jolson: Yes, it came out earlier this week and it hasn’t fully been written yet or known -- exactly all of the details, but from what I can gather right now you know it’s a positive surprise. The original proposal was that if you are sponsor of a CLO that until the -- during the reinvestment period until the pay downs of the notes started to occur after the reinvestment period, you weren’t allowed to getting your equity distributions that was in the original proposal. And they took that out. So that’s the most material positive, I mean, you never know about these things, but that would have been a negative game changer for all the money managers that manages CLOs if they would left that in there. And then the other thing that changed is that it’s going to go into effect two years from when they publish it in the federal registry, which hasn’t happened yet probably it will soon. But that’s late in 2016 and the original proposal was January 1st, 2016. So essentially that gives another year for people that manage third-party capital like we try to do in that business. So for instance our CLO that we closed a couple of weeks ago we put in about 13% of the capital. And that was all at the end when they wanted to upsize the deal and we had the opportunity to co-invest. So I think it’s -- I am not sure why they are focused on the CLO market in it, since there was any default of any security within and that and in most cases -- almost all cases they were returned to the sub-node holders through that period was very strong. But it somehow got kind of -- a lot of these things got taken into the [indiscernible] thing, but that being said we think its long-term positive for us. We are a public company with access to capital. And we think it’s a long-term positive for us and they don’t consolidate managers and short-term it’s positive too because they extended it by a year and made those changes. 
Joe Jolson: If we got a crummy return on capital and we had to put the money in, then I would. But as I just mentioned even in this environment where if you talk to structured finance people, they will tell you that the kind of arbitrage if you will between the price that you can issue these node side and what you can buy the asset side isn’t very good right now. We underwrote to a 15% IRR and that’s pretty good. And under our conversion, where we convert to new structure here. 15% pretax become 15% after tax for our shareholders for those investments. Which is pretty powerful. I mean in terms of earnings accretion. 
Joe Jolson: I will just elaborate on that for a second. We would like to -- obviously you can pick out any number for your market share target. So we picked out a 1% target and maybe it takes us five years to get there instead of three years or four years. But I think it’s a reasonable target given what we do. Already you are doing as a business, it takes a while dealing with traditional and sequential investors which is the majority of our distribution which is little bit different than a lot of boutiques to get that kind of increased market share because they kind of manage that process over a multiple years.  Even though this is the business that probably isn’t a growing business, although it would be great if it was for the industry. We continue to think that we can grow this at double-digit compounded growth rate over the next five plus years. In some cases the law of small numbers works in your favor and this would be one of those cases we are hoping. 
Joe Jolson: I don’t think there is push back. There is -- it's little disruptive as you can see in our stock price because some of the shareholders that we thought could own the stock in that structure turned out within the organization where they have this stock. It wasn’t eligible to take a K1 and that’s something that was difficult to ascertain from the outside looking in. We obviously looked at who owned our stock and if they own any other publically traded partnership and they all did, but we didn’t know the source of the money within the organizations other that who the PMs were with it owned our stock and so that’s a little bit disappointing. If this was only 5% or 10% accretive once we learn that, we might have decided not to proceed, but given that it’s 30% accretive it’s pretty hugely material and it’s also that just the short term impact. You know longer term as I mentioned on our CLOs that are 15% return, in terms from a pretax number to an after tax number to grow the businesses is widely accretive in growing overtime, so absolutely I am a little bit -- I feel bad that it’s been little disruptive to some of our current shareholders. It’s one of the reasons the board increase the buyback to 1.5 million shares just for three month period here to try to help transition those shareholders that might not be able to -- are not able to take a K1. It’s really not so much a K1 that’s really more of the UBTI issue as it turns out than just getting a K1. But any case that’s kind of the feedback, I mean, everyone recognizes that it’s widely accretive, but there is a little disappointment that some of our shareholders that can’t own it in that structure.
Joe Jolson: Yea that we think will find the institutions are the places within our current shareholder base that could own this stock, they don’t right now, over a some period of time it’s just short-term that I think it turned out to be a little bit more disruptive than we anticipated. 
Joe Jolson: Great. Thanks everyone for your interest in JMP and we will look forward to following this up after we report our fourth quarter. Thank you. 
Mark Lehmann: Yeah, thanks. It was a good quarter. As Joe highlighted we did gain some market share. We made some investments about 18 months ago in our brokerage business. And I think we all know those take some time to season and having some of those people on our platform for well over a year now has I think given us the benefit of some of the relationships and some of the abilities to be more important on the buy side with some cliental. We have also fortunately seen that continue through October and the volatility certainly was [showing] that we were happy to see in some ways of the volatility up but certainly better than volatility down. I think our risk -- ability to manage risk is also been good.  So I think our upgrades that we have been talking about for several quarters are starting to bear some fruit. So we are confident that we will continue to gain market share. Obviously the volume which is been up significantly in October has helped everybody. But again I think we are on the path to gaining market share. And third quarter was demonstrating that and is continued into the fourth quarter. 
Mark Lehmann: Yes, I think we had a few deals that ended up flipping to the fourth quarter and my general comment is we have seen a good level of activity so far in the fourth quarter. We did obviously with the spike in volatility for a couple of week that caused some slowdown in the IPO market, but we just priced book run at the biotech space on Tuesday night, so which has done well and we have a number deals that are out marketing and a number of deals that we expect to launch probably early November timeframe. As I said, we also feel good about some M&A deals closing and I would say the level of activity is good. And [following] a big change in the market environment I think will see good levels of activity throughout the first quarter.
Mark Lehmann: Yes I would say that obviously, especially healthcare has been you know active this year. Probably the biggest year in biotech IPOs as we have seen and we continue to see activity there I would say the other thing that we are seeing is a lot of companies that we have taken public in the biotech space over the last couple of years are starting to come back to the marker with follow-on offerings and we have definitely seen some of that activity early in this quarter and we expect to see more of that as well, so we have new public market clients that are accessing the markets through follow on offerings and that’s another trend, but healthcare has been the most active. We have seen activity across all of our sectors. We have deals in the pipeline, IPOs in the pipeline across [FIG] and real estate and technology as well, but healthcare has definitely been the most the active.
