Bruce Van Saun: Thanks, Ellen and good morning, everyone. Thanks for dialing in today. We feel very good about the results that we announced today. We're executing our plan well and the financial results continue to show steady and notable progress, particularly given the environment. We delivered a completely clean $0.46 quarter with 15% year-on-year EPS growth, positive operating leverage of over 3% and a 70-basis-point improvement in ROTCE versus adjusted 2015. Our revenue growth of 7% was paced by loan growth of 7%. Our NIM was relatively stable as are our credit costs. We continue to be very disciplined on expenses. We're delivering on efficiency initiatives that allow us to self-fund growth investments, particularly in our fee-based businesses. I call out the outline of our TOP III program in today's materials. Recall that our TOP programs. TOP means tapping our TOP programs derive from our mindset of continuous improvement. This program should deliver approximately $100 million in benefits next year which is similar to TOP II's impact on 2016. It is also worth commenting on the successful execution of our TDR sale which was announced earlier this week. We expect a gain of approximately $70 million, a portion of which will be utilized to cover restructuring costs associated with TOP III. We were pleased that we came through the CCAR process well this year and we will pursue both strong loan growth and shareholder return of capital as we continue to normalize our CET1 and total capital ratios. Our colleagues are putting customers first and are doing a great job in executing our plans. I would like to recognize them for their excellent effort that continues to propel us forward. With that, let me turn it over to Eric to take you through the details of the quarter.
Bruce Van Saun: I think the credit outlook stays very positive both on the consumer side and in commercial, away from energy. It's been pretty quiet. So we will continue to monitor the energy portfolio, but with the recent increase in energy prices, we're feeling okay about that.
Bruce Van Saun: I think the good news here is that we've identified another roughly $100 million as we did last year. So to us we now got to go get it, but we have very well-formed plans as to how we're going to do that. And it's really money in the bank, is the way I think about it. So the first objective we have is to make sure that we're managing the expense rate of growth wisely and in line with the environment that we operate in. And underneath that, we want to make sure that we're using some of the benefits that we find to continue to invest in areas that are going to deliver medium term growth. So building up our fee-based businesses, for example and capturing that revenue opportunity. So it's really, I think we will get some immediate benefits in the second half of the year that will cover things like higher FDIC assessment. And then we will run that out next year when we do the budget process. We will see what kind of revenue environment we're in and we will manage the overall pace of expense growth based on that revenue environment while we're protecting the things we need to invest in for the future.
Bruce Van Saun: I'll start and, Eric, you can chime in. But, look, I think in terms of the CCAR process, we're very pleased, obviously, that we have upped our game and we're making it through the qualitative side of it well. I think when you go back to think about how we were berthed from RBS one of the good things is we were berthed with a very high capital ratio which it has allowed us a lot of flexibility in terms of improving the bank and improving returns. So we're kind of in a rich man's position now where we can have relatively strong loan growth, so we can use that capital position to grow the balance sheet, bring new customers into the bank and also at the same time we can have very strong distributions of capital back to shareholders. And that's been bringing the capital ratio down at around 50 basis points or so for the past two years, that strategy of having aggressive loan growth and strong returns to shareholders. I think we're calling out kind of a low 11% type ending point this year, down from maybe 11.8% when we started the year. So, say, call it 60-basis-point reduction. And I think we could do that again, clearly, we have to go through the process, but the potential exists to do that again given that our peer capital ratios the median is probably around 10%. So we could do that maybe once, maybe twice again. But, obviously, we've got to keep running the bank better and we have to get our ROTCE up. We want to get to a sustainable position where sources of capital equal uses because eventually that excess that we have will dissipate. So that's how we think about it. Eric, maybe you can chime in.
Bruce Van Saun: I would just add to that when you think about where we're playing, what we're trying to do is be very, very disciplined in how and where we play, particularly on the Commercial side. And so we're kind of making sure that we can get good yield, so good risk adjusted returns. But more than that, also making sure that we're playing on the basis where we can take in deposits and we can get the fee cross-sell. And so that's one of the things that we're constantly looking at trying to rotate is if there is an area, for example, the leasing business that we have is a bit light on fees and light on deposits and it had been a referral business that we were really dependent on RBS for large ticket referrals. We're refashioning that business into something that's more focused as a cross-sell product into middle market customers so we can make it part of this whole relationship. So that is some of the continuing work that is taking place.
Bruce Van Saun: I think, Ken, it's a little early to call out any guidance on 2017, but if you look at the trends that we've had, the focus on shifting the mix, being disciplined on pricing, disciplined on deposit side has served us well. So we have, I think, probably when you think about any rate benefit this year, we had some lift from the initial Fed action in December and a lot of that is given back from the flattening of the curve as you go through the year and the thing that has propelled the NIM higher has been some of these self-help actions and this discipline we have had. So when we think about 2017, that's what the game plan is to continue with that as we go into next year. It certainly would be helpful if the Fed starts to move again. It's interesting that right after Brexit it looked like that was completely off the table for a couple of years and now that markets are saying well maybe not so fast on that one. So, anyway, we can't control that, but we want continue to influence the things that we can control.
Bruce Van Saun: I would just add that is not just market. So the market, obviously, helps and the market had for kind of leverage credits in particular and the smaller deals had dried up in Q4 and for a good part [indiscernible] opened back up and that helps. But I think the bigger point here, as Don mentioned, is we've been broadening our capabilities and adding talent and we're in the position, really, to go out and gain market share, so that's been, I think, a key aspect to this.
Bruce Van Saun: And I think the net result of all that is you can see the year-on-year numbers we're 6.5% top line growth and 3% expense growth in the quarter. That's pretty darn good. And so we're trying to make sure that we're growing the bank, growing the top line and then making those investments and keeping a big spread. The result of that also and you mentioned efficiency ratio, is we've had year-on-year the efficiency ratio drop by 2% from 67% down to 65%. And if we can keep that up, if we can keep delivering that operating leverage and keep investing in the avenues to grow that top line, that will be terrific and that efficiency ratio should continue to move down to the low 60%'s. That's where we want to get it.
Bruce Van Saun: I think we're continuing to make progress. It was nice to see the big jump this quarter and we want to keep propelling higher. You get, you cross over 7%, you get to the mid-7%'s and you're next goal is you want to get to 8%. But we're still focused on that 10%. We won't get there in the original timeline we thought, largely because of rates, but I think the goal is to just deliver that positive operating leverage, deliver solid EPS growth and the ROTCE will move up with that.
Bruce Van Saun: No, look, I think one of the things we're pleased by is that we've been able to generate the TOP improvement programs without a lot of restructuring. So without the need to burden capital with big charges. And we're self-funding this actually by creating the gain on the TDRs, if we need to use 20% to 30% of it which is $20 million to $30 million. I think that will pretty much cover it. There is a more heavy expense element to TOP III, but there's also revenue ideas which really just require people investment or changes in processes. So there's no big investment that goes with that. And then the tax strategies we have are largely around tax credit programs which will throw off a little bit of headwind on the non-interest income line, but certainly benefit your tax line and give a net benefit. So, in any case, I think that's the extent of it. What we said we earmarked the gain, a portion of the gain to cover.
Bruce Van Saun: At a portfolio level, just to refresh the thinking, is that we've basically and I like this pun, you tried to put the brakes on auto and keep it relatively flat and go for the margin. And then we're allocating more capital to areas like the ed refinance loan and student, some of our unsecured products like Apple IF program or some new pilots on unsecured lending. So we're focused on yield maximization and I think you can't always hit the nail on the head, you try to keep auto flat, but as Brad said, it's robust in the market and we're just playing in the prime and super prime spaces, we're not playing in sub-prime. But there's still good activity there and good loan demand there.
Bruce Van Saun: We have been moving that, migrating that well over 80% now and I think the only -- we've got -- I guess the SCUSA is really net neutral or winding down on the charge level of purchases. And SoFi on the student loans is the only thing where we're really acquiring at this point. But it's a relatively modest portion of overall growth because we're seeing such good organic growth.
Bruce Van Saun: I think, Gerard, we have been very focused on just running the bank better and putting the right foundations in place to really capture the opportunity we see right in front of us in terms of organic growth. I think when we feel that we've got that right, we certainly have the capital capacity to go out and look at some bolt-on acquisitions that could accelerate the lift off in fee revenues, but I think that's still a bit of the ways into the future.
Bruce Van Saun: I guess we're not calling out the milestones beyond this year. We're just giving our -- focusing our guidance on this year. If you kind of can use almost the past as a projection for the future if you say, as Eric said in his prepared remarks, we've lifted the overall Company ROTCE over 3% or approximately 3%, in under three years. And we haven't had any rate benefit to do that and so the formula of putting our capital to work wisely, growing the balance sheet, getting the top line to move, building up the fee businesses and being very disciplined on expenses, that's the formula. We're going to keep going with that formula and hopefully it will continue to propel us higher.
Bruce Van Saun: One thing I would say is, the reason we front loaded them last year was we were helping RBS exit their position. So we were buying their stock back and we were still issuing their stock to the market, so we had no buyback program to the market. And we got them out of the stock in October which left us basically with no buy capacity from October through June 30 of this year. The good news is, now that we have authorization to buy $690 million, we're not going to repeat that. Obviously, we're going to try to spread that out so we have some buying capacity in the whole, each of the four quarters. But, clearly, when there's events, when the stock gets washed out, like it did, when the market goes to risk offload we will step up and buy more. That's what any prudent treasurer would be doing.
Bruce Van Saun: It's a little early to say. I would just say that we've been pleasantly surprised. We were pleasantly surprised last year and the credit metrics remain very solid. So we will see how it plays out. At this point, we're just guiding one quarter at a time and we're calling for provisions to be broadly stable, but the skew could be more to the positive new side than the negative at this point absent any unforeseen changes in the economy or any SCUD missiles that could always hit you at any time.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. I think we're at the top of the hour here. Actually, we ran over by five minutes or so. But, again, I want to thank everybody for dialing in today and listening to our presentation and asking good questions and have a great day. Thank you.
Eric Aboaf: Matt, it is Eric. I think that's exactly what our outlook indicates. We're expecting solid loan growth. A little bit of potentially a slight decline in NIM, but a couple basis points, we will see. But we think the low growth will outrun that slight NIM compression in the third quarter and provide a good uptick in NII. I think we also see some tailwinds into the fourth quarter. We've got some old legacy swaps running off and so we actually see some flatness in NIM between third quarter and fourth quarter which when you add back in the loan growth, should help with a second NII uptick at the end of the year.
Eric Aboaf: Couple of factors there. I think you are right, auto has typically seasonally declined, but we also, I think, had a particularly strong recovery quarter in auto which was nice to see. That doesn't always repeat, but it was nice to see. I do think we saw some relatively systemic improvements in home equity generally and even a touch of mortgages as housing prices continued to float upwards. And we expect some of those improvements to stick in the coming quarters. And that will provide, I think, some real stability in the provision or maybe even a touch downwards. We will see.
Eric Aboaf: Yes. I think on CCAR what gives us the confidence there is that the investments we've made in the qualitative factors. There are seven major qualitative factors. We have reinvested and upped our game, as we've said and I think we feel like we really understand where the bar is. We know how to make sure we stay above the bar, if the bar flows up in either credit modeling or PP&R or controls or data. Our view is we need to stay ahead and be ahead and we know what it takes to do that. I think what's also constructive in our CCAR results is if you look at the stress tests that are done. The credit stress that we see in our book and that the Fed sees in our book tends to be a little lighter than some of the other regional banks. And so that higher quality of underwriting of credit and of mix, I think, bodes well for us because we have less, a slightly lower CCAR draw down on capital and that gives us some confidence that the payouts that we have put forward this year and what we might recommend next year make a lot of sense.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, fair question. I think the first thing I'd share with you is I think our initiatives in the businesses, whether I describe them as pricing or mix on the loan side continue to bear fruit. I think this quarter in particular you saw 2% uptick in yields, you saw it both in Consumer and Commercial. Some of that was the mix improvement that we continue to drive and I think we continue to do that. Some of it actually just came from outright targeting and we had some improvements in yields as we really gave benchmarking tools to our bankers in Commercial to make sure that they got the yields that we deserve. And some of it came from pricing in Consumer. We actually wanted to slow down a little lending. One of the natural ways to do that is to take price up, you've got to do that carefully. But had about 15 basis points better origin pricing in auto on an apples-to-apples basis. So we think those initiatives will continue and we think there is potential to continue to drive those forward. And I think the same thing is true in deposits. We have to do both the tactics in deposits and we're also rolling out new product programs. We've got a great new product for [indiscernible] in deposits on the Consumer side and I think those kinds of initiatives will bear fruit. I think more broadly on the balance sheet management and investment portfolio side, we're not uncomfortable with this level of asset sensitivity, though we do want to position around the curve. Post-Brexit you saw rates that 10-year at 1.35% and I'm sure the folks are clamoring why not just close down the asset sensitive position? Well, rates are at 1.6%, right, over the last day. And you'd say, hey, good treasurers and smart managers of a Treasury portfolio will look for rates in a range and choose how to position. I think you've also seen mortgage basis widen out over the last couple months. The provides an opportunity because we earn money in Treasury both on the duration position and on the mortgage basis and we can adjust which one we emphasize which ones we deemphasize. And then I think you will continue to see us do work around optimizing the liability side of the balance sheet, right, with an upcoming sub-debt redemption that we've planned, that we have previously announced, $500 million. And I think actions like that should help and help offset some of the lower for longer headwinds.
Eric Aboaf: And then more broadly, Jason, on fee growth into the third quarter. I think we expect it to be reasonably broad base. Usually, there is a small tick up in service charges, just as volume slowed and household growth and business activity happens. Same in cars, third quarter typically a little stronger than second quarter. I think we expect continued building in the investments area. You saw $1 of sequential growth, we expect that to continue, potentially at a slightly higher pace. I think foreign exchange, interest rate products, we will just have to see how the markets play out and capital markets in particular, whether we can sustain this pace or those come back a little bit. I think mortgages, we're seeing a bit of a refinance boom lately. You saw our applications up almost 40% quarter-over quarter. We expect some higher level of that given rate already in, the locks are coming through and that should bode well for mortgages. I think you'll see some broad-based improvement into the third quarter here as we look forward.
Eric Aboaf: John, let me take that. On the expense growth, you saw we had an uptick primarily due to timing and merit increases this quarter. We expect expenses to be reasonably flat into third quarter and fourth quarter. And so, part of what will drive that is you don't have the 401(k) match and some of the payroll taxes coming through again in third quarter, offset by just the natural uptick as we hire loan officers or capital market specialists or some of our investment headcount that draws the revenue growth. I think when it comes down to it, we had 1% up in expenses first quarter year-on-year, 3% up expenses second quarter year-on-year. We're at 2% first half growth rate and, obviously, we're trying to stick as close to that as we can, but it's hard work. I think what we want to do is make sure that we control expenses on one hand, we reinvest on the other and really balance that and that's what we've been trying to--
Eric Aboaf: And the pace that you get that out is you think about how you model, right. You get 3% operating leverage just on a year-over-year basis. Effectively creates 2 percentage points increase in efficiency on a year-over-year basis. So that's kind of the -- how it calibrates and so, obviously, focus on operating leverage will continue and try to match this pace as best we can.
Eric Aboaf: And, Vivek, remember, it's a very high quality credit focus. We're talking about 750 on one of the portfolios, 780 on the other. We're talking about undergraduates to colleges that you and others and we all went to, MBA graduate degrees, doctors, lawyers, business degrees, that kind of thing. So it's a very high quality book and it is part of, I think, of the economy where we're really making a benefit for consumers. Actually, when we get fan letters, right, because we cut their payments by $135 a month which is a real benefit to them and we provide a real service and earn good return. So it's a real nice product for us and I think for the time being, for the next couple years we see it as attractive, attractive returns, not a lot of competition and whenever someone comes in we actually feel like that actually rings [indiscernible] to the market, as Brad said and we get even more--
Eric Aboaf: Yes, it is very competitive out there. We're seeing opportunities to bid new business. We have added some new clients. I think our client count from the beginning of the year is up about 100, ballpark. So it's not a massive addition of clients, but at the margin we're adding new clients. I think it takes a while for clients to switch. So some of the M&A that's been announced, while we may be talking to some of those opportunities, they're not going to switch their business overnight. It generally revolves around a maturity of a loan facility or something else going on with their coverage. And we haven't seen that materialize in size yet. But we're hopeful. We're actually talking to those clients about joining the Citizens family.
Eric Aboaf: And the trends are, as you would expect, it was 80% organic in first quarter, well into the 90% second quarter and we like it in that area.
Brad Conner: Bruce, just one more comment on the auto book. First of all, we did make some operational improvements that we think is having an impact, but then also we've talked a lot about the SCUSA book which has reached beyond the peak of its loss curve. So we're starting to see those SCUSA losses trimmed down at this point. Of course, our purchases are a little smaller there, so that's contributing, as well.
Brad Conner: We feel optimistic about continued outlook for growth in student lending. Strong demand for the refi product. We will, obviously, see a little bit of a bump in student loan originations in third and fourth quarter when we hit the seasonal peak for in-school, but all signs point to continued strong demand in the refi area and we expect that momentum to continue.
Brad Conner: Yes. Very strong. All signs are very strong with the credit indicators on both sides, in-school and the refi product in student.
Brad Conner: Yes and that is certainly the same on the Consumer side. There's opportunity there for new customer acquisition and we're focusing on those areas in terms of some of our marketing efforts and even opportunities to hire great colleagues in those markets, we're focusing on that, as well. So definitely opportunity we've seen.
Brad Conner: Yes. Actually, I want to be really clear. Went Eric talk about better pricing what he means by that is better yield and better margin for us, not more aggressive pricing. We made a conscious decision to slow our growth there and look for opportunities to improve spreads and margins and we've done that but the demand remains remained quite strong. So I would attribute most of it to demand in the marketplace. We're expecting to see that growth taper down a little bit, maybe be more flattish in the third quarter, but just very strong marketplace demand is what I would attribute it to.
Brad Conner: We were 90%, on the Consumer side we were 90% organic and 10% purchase for the quarter. So it certainly coming from organic--
Brad Conner: Yes I do. The refi originations were $340 million for the quarter and SoFi purchases were also about $300 million, I believe.
Don McCree: Yes, I think that's exactly right, Bruce. We've been going quite rapidly over the last couple years in real estate and we continue to see just huge opportunities in that market. As Bruce said, we're definitely being more selective in areas like multi-family and that's allowing us to get better terms, better pricing and continue to grow the book. But I think you'll see a growth slightly slower than it has in the past couple of years, but we're seeing interesting opportunities. And with some people pulling back, we're able to do transactions which are attractive to us and we're being very disciplined on it.
Don McCree: So we did have strong and broad performance in capital markets and in interest rates on the back of the Brexit event, so we feel very good about the ability to capture the opportunity which exists in our franchise which has been the strategy for the last couple of years to position for these opportunities. It's hard to see out long term in capital markets, but we feel like the capabilities are extremely strong and our pipelines are looking quite good for the third quarter. So we think it continues at least for the next quarter.
Don McCree: I think, obviously, we're focused on cross-sell which is partly transactional, but the franchise is growing nicely. We've targeted the verticals that we've we called out, we've targeted mid-corporate, we've targeted the franchise finance area and they're all experiencing double-digit growth in terms of loan growth. And as Bruce called out before, our process is very disciplined as we grow our client base. We're focused on growing loans but growing loans at an acceptable NIM, at acceptable terms and conditions and where we see reasonably near term cross-sell. And there's plenty of opportunity out there as other banks adjust their books of business and particularly some of the larger banks back away from some of the clients that they been banking. And we have, I think, the more opportunity than we actually want to bank at this point and we're basically balancing our growth levels with our return levels and we're doing it pretty successfully. So I think it can continue at a healthy pace into the balance of this year and into next year.
Don McCree: On the Commercial side, the market has been dominated so far, at least for the last 18 months by refinancing. And what we're waiting to see and what we hope to see with some economic growth is some new money financings and growth in borrowings by clients in our footprint and when I talk about that, I'm talking about our middle-market client base. So if you look at our middle-market client base, underneath our loan growth, that has been relatively flat for about a year now. So we're holding our clients, but they are just not growing their demand for credit. So most of our growth has come in our verticals and in our national businesses and upside in the future could be economically driven loan growth within our middle market. But we're not seeing that right now.
