Sean Burke: Thank you, Kevin. What a difference a year makes. Year-over-year net income and earnings per share were up over 80% with net income for the first quarter totaling $72.3 million or $0.31 per diluted share. Our net interest margin dropped eight basis points quarter-over-quarter to 2.9% with prepayment fees driving the decline. Our core net interest margin, however, expanded two basis points quarter-over-quarter as we continue to benefit from declining deposit costs. On an encouraging note, we have seen prepayment fees rebound and totaled $4.5 million in the month of April alone and expect our second quarter margin to rebound accordingly. Total noninterest income totaled $20 million, a decrease of $2.7 million on a core basis quarter-over-quarter. Year-over-year, however, noninterest income increased $5.3 million or 36%, driven by mortgage banking, swap fees and wealth advisory fees. Total noninterest expenses totaled $104 million for the first quarter, a decrease of $38.5 million quarter-over-quarter. The decrease was driven by $23 million of costs from the early extinguishment of debt and $12 million of branch closure costs in the fourth quarter. Excluding these items, noninterest expenses were down $4 million compared to the fourth quarter. The decrease was primarily driven by incentive compensation. Provision for credit losses was a negative $3 million for the first quarter compared to a negative $2.7 million release for the fourth quarter. The decrease was primarily driven by an improving economic forecast and net loan recoveries in the quarter of $2 million. Our total loan balances were flat quarter-over-quarter, while C&I loans grew $66.5 million or 2% quarter-over-quarter. Total deposits were down $534 million quarter-over-quarter, driven by the intentional runoff of brokered deposits; while noninterest-bearing deposits were up $174 million or 5% quarter-over-quarter. Our percentage of noninterest-bearing deposits to total deposits improved to 20% at March 31 compared to 13% a year ago. Asset quality, liquidity and capital continued to remain in a solid position at quarter end. Nonaccrual loans represented 0.4% of total loans at March 31 compared to 0.51% at December 31 while our allowance for loan losses to loans remained unchanged at 1.44%. Our common equity Tier one ratio was 13% at quarter end. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Kevin for concluding remarks.
Sean Burke: I think we should be in a very good spot, Mark, there. We've provided a guide, I believe it was around $425 million, and we're doing a bit better than that. So next quarter, I expect it to be in a similar spot. The Berkshire transaction, when it closes, will add some additional cost when that comes in. But as Domenick mentioned, probably not until sometime in the second quarter. So just looking forward to second quarter, expense is probably in a very similar spot that they are in today.
Sean Burke: Yes. I wouldn't go that far, Steven. I think the fourth quarter was elevated as far as our guidance for NIM that we gave for the full year, the 3% area. We were modeling in less than where we were in the fourth quarter, candidly. Our budget was $4 million to $5 million of prepayment fees per quarter built into our budget and built into our guidance. But we are seeing a nice rebound there. We do expect the margin to pop back up, maybe eight to 10 basis points in the second quarter.
Sean Burke: And Steven, it's Sean. Your math is approximately correct. And just to add on, where we probably saw the most compression is in our residential portfolio. The current market rates are around the 3% area. Our portfolio is yielding, the residential side was yielding higher than that. And so it's kind of coming back down to the norm. So that's probably the spot where we're seeing the most compression.
Sean Burke: Yes. I think that's fair. We took more compression this quarter. And I think moving forward, as we look through the year, we're not expecting to see that much compression on the loan yield side, some but not to the degree that we saw in the first quarter.
Sean Burke: Mike, it's Sean. I just wanted to add though that, as Domenick mentioned, we are expecting that to trend down. But we are expecting swap fee income to offset some of that decline as we go throughout the year. So that's how we see fee income unfolding, where we're going to lose a little on the mortgage banking side, but we're going to pick up and gain an offset with swap income as we go throughout the year.
Sean Burke: I think our models were showing, obviously, this quarter, improved economic conditions. We think that can continue to improve if we stay on the current trajectory that we're on. I think the New York City area has been a little slower to improve from a modeling perspective and a forecasting perspective than some other parts of the country. But we do believe it's trending in the right direction. And if we keep on the current path, that will mean maybe when we get toward the back half of the year, there could be more release coming in the provision line item.
Kevin Cummings: Okay. Before I open up to questions, I just want to -- just give a sort of like the longer view. The last 12 months have been an unbelievable year of social unrest and economic turmoil. And when I look back on the last year, I see the bank's leadership team that has grown in confidence and competence as they've executed through this storm as we continue to provide a platform for our employees for personal growth and successful business careers. There is great optimism in the bank and in the communities that we serve. We continue to serve our customers, employees and our communities in partnership with our foundation. It is part of our brand to be the different community bank that makes a difference. This is not a new trend to our bank, it is part of our DNA. And with all the discussions of corporate social responsibility, we are and have been on the front lines in supporting and serving the underserved. Let your sermons be said without words, and our actions speak volumes of who we are and what we have accomplished. Our foundation and bank have donated over $70 million since 2005. And our return to shareholders has been almost 280% since that time. This compares very favorably to local community thrifts here in New Jersey, up 42%; and New Jersey commercial banks, up 58%. And if you compare our return to the national banks during this period, the four largest national banks, we surpassed them 2.5 times with that 280% return for investors versus 78% for the large national banks. We have always taken the long-term view, something that our society or government sometimes has difficulty doing. In the words of my predecessor, Bob Cashill, we understand that we can do good and do well. We recently added two new directors to our corporate Board, and I'd like to welcome Kim Wales and John Harmon to our Board. They both bring a broad range of experience to our team, and we are happy to have them. Their diverse background and experience will make us stronger. With respect to DE&I, we recently held a town hall meeting with Dom and I taking questions on how we can create greater opportunities for our customers, employees, our vendors and the communities that we serve. And we are constantly looking forward to better communications and listening better. God gave you two ears and one mouth for a reason. And I'm happy to report that our workforce is 56% women and 41% diverse and our offices are 42% women and 28% diverse. And at the most senior level, the EVP level, it's 24% women and 60% diverse. The journey is the destination, and we are on a journey of continuous improvement, getting better every day. I don't want to be better than Dom, but I want to be better than I was yesterday and getting better and being a servant leader who serves. And our leadership teams continues to be selfless in their service to others. We have accomplished a lot in the past 15 months. We've accomplished a lot in the last 15 years. But we are stronger today and certainly more hopeful. And as I said last year this time, when I was one of five employees at the bank, let's be faithful and not fearful. The future looks bright. There was certainly great hope and optimism in the President's speech last night, and I look forward to a record and great year in 2021. I'd like to now turn it over to questions and open the lines up to hear from you. Thank you.
Kevin Cummings: Yes. Jared, I think the strategic opportunities will always be evaluated here, we've always said that. The core pillars of organic growth, M&A, both as either a buyer or a strategic partnership, dividends and stock buybacks. And certainly, those things are the pillars of our strategy moving forward. There is a lot of chatter, we're talking to a lot of people, a lot of opportunities out there, and I think it's an exciting time. But either way, the long-term view is we're in a very good position. And either way, there are great opportunities ahead of us.
Kevin Cummings: Usually, it's seasonal in the fourth quarter because of tax reasons, 1031 exchange, whatever it might be, =usually prepayments are highest in the fourth quarter.
Kevin Cummings: Yes. We will follow up with the office. In Manhattan, $88 million is multifamily, CRE is $38 million, lodging is $195 million, C&I loans is 0.
Kevin Cummings: Laurie, I would say yes. Certainly, we're open to any strategic discussions from an MOE. I mean, Berkshire is a $600 million deposit branch acquisition. So if it fits in with the strategy, if you look at the last two transactions, Berkshire is on one side of our franchise, Gold Coast was on the east side of our franchise. And I think we closed the Berkshire deal on April 3, a year ago. In the height of the pandemic, we had get to out there and change all the signage. We were worrying about the police shutting us down from being outside during that period of time. And both those transactions are very promising to us. They're a little on the small size, takes a lot of energy. I think that $7 billion to $15 billion area would be a great lock-on-type transaction to do. But we're open, and we'll do whatever is necessary to enhance the shareholder value of the company. There are a lot of discussions going on, and we are certainly looking at a lot of opportunities in the marketplace.
Kevin Cummings: Laurie, just on the numbers, I had said them earlier. The total exposure in Manhattan is $367 million, of which the hotel sector is $196 million; multifamily and CRE are $88 million and $38 million, respectively. And as I mentioned earlier, pretty good sponsorship and improving operations. And they're all paying us interest, too. I want to emphasize that. There's no principal and interest deferral, they're all paying us interest.
Kevin Cummings: Matt, I think you have to look at it in light of the whole Democratic agenda, capital gains tax, things like that, it's not going to be good for business. So it's certainly not good for economic development, for productivity. It seems like everything is going to be free. And so I certainly don't think it's good for investment in the country. I have a tendency to listen to Fox Business a little too much. And I certainly think that it's certainly going to have a negative impact on business and business investment going forward. But I think getting it through and putting it in operation, you don't want to bite the hand that feeds you, and commercial real estate, especially in the multifamily sector, is a very strong sector and pays a lot of taxes. And they shouldn't bite the hand that feeds them as far as generating tax revenues in the city and the state.
Kevin Cummings: Well, thank you for your participation today. I look forward to seeing you all at our shareholders' meeting in May. It will be a virtual meeting again. And I think 2021 is going to be a very strong year for the company, we've had three quarters of double-digit return on equity. And it's probably a record for the company in the last nine months, and I think it will continue throughout 2021. So thank you for your participation today. Have a great day, and enjoy your spring. Be well.
Domenick Cama: I think that we'll continue to see an increase in our funding on the deposit side. Noninterest-bearing has been a nice surprise for us. This quarter, I think Sean mentioned that we were about $180 million in noninterest-bearing growth. Total deposit growth though was about $350 million in the branches. So I think when you compare that to $1.2 billion in growth in 2020, I think we're on pace to match what we did in 2020.
Domenick Cama: Yes. The way the pipeline is broken out, I mean, the CRE pipeline is about $2.4 billion and the C&I pipeline is just about $900 million. That equates to the $3.3 billion Kevin referred to earlier. We have seen some Manhattan business pick up, especially on the CRE side and on the multifamily side. Things are getting better. They're not where they were pre COVID, but they are getting better. And to the extent that we need some additional risk mitigants in the CRE space, we're doing that. We're doing that in the form of PGs. We're doing that in the form of asking customers to put six months of payments in escrow with us. And yes, so we're pretty comfortable. Fortunately, we do a lot of business in New Jersey also, so New Jersey is contributing nicely to the pipeline. But we're not running away from Manhattan at this point, we're simply being more cautious as we make those loans. When you look at a loan that comes in from Manhattan, the first question you ask is, "How were you impacted during the COVID crisis?" And then you work from there.
Domenick Cama: Yes. I think, Jared, from the perspective of competitive forces, I think you're exactly right. I mean, while a number of these institutions are doing their deals and trying to integrate their respective financial institutions, I think there'll be an opportunity for us to bring over additional lending teams or to capture some additional business in our market. I mean we're starting to see a little bit of that already, quite honestly. As far as the deal activity, I mean, clearly, I see, and I think we agree as a management team, that there is a compelling reason to do deals like that in terms of just being bigger, having more funds to contribute to technology investments and just being more diversified. So as far as the institutions that I know personally, those in our area, I congratulate them on the deals. I thought they were good deals for both institutions, and I wish them well.
Domenick Cama: Yes, we are, Mark. I think we mentioned in earlier releases, we planned on closing 10 branches. We closed those branches earlier this month, as a matter of fact, I think, on April 9. And so I think that we need to continue to evaluate those opportunities. We continue to develop online products, which that technology and that progress has been moving along nicely. And I think that will be a catalyst for us to continue to trim the branch network around the region.
Domenick Cama: Steven, I think the best way to try to answer that question is just to go through kind of the average coupons that we're seeing based on the categories, four major categories. When we look at resi loans these days, resi loans are coming on the balance sheet at just probably around 3%, I'd put them right there. Multifamily is coming on somewhere between 3 1/8%, 3.125% and 3.20%. CRE is coming on at about 3 1/4% to 3 3/8%. And then C&I, as you know, has become more competitive, especially here in this market, and those yields are coming in somewhere between 3 3/8% and 3 3/4%. So obviously, the interest rate environment has benefited us on the liability side, but clearly, it's having an impact on the asset side, too. So I hope that answers your question.
Domenick Cama: Yes. Steven, we obviously, we're looking at that. As you point out, we have the $3.5 billion or so at over 2%. So there's an opportunity to pick up some NIM thereby, frankly, burning capital by paying the prepayment fees. We'll look at that. We've been talking about doing a larger trade than the one that we projected for the Berkshire transaction. And so just given the Berkshire transaction, we may supersize, if you will, the prepayments using the Berkshire transaction as a catalyst for doing that.
Domenick Cama: Yes. Mike, we see activity has slowed on the mortgage banking front, and we think that that number will trend down for the next quarter. As a matter of fact, when we did our budgets, we actually projected that, that number would come down in 2021. So I think the answer is yes, that number will continue to trend down as we head through the rest of the year.
Domenick Cama: I think, Laurie, obviously, we saw our stock price accelerate pretty quickly. So it gave us a reason to pause on our buybacks there and just trying to understand how tangible book value would compare to where we're trading on a book value basis. So we'll continue to evaluate that. The stock got up there around $15. So as I said, it just gave us reason to pause and just monitor how stable that would be going forward.
Domenick Cama: Matt, I think that we'll continue to see benefits from falling rates, especially in our deposit portfolio. Like for example, we still have some room to go in our government banking portfolio. We're working on that. We still have a number of CD buckets in that are maturing through the year and we'll see some benefit from that. So I think the core NIM will continue to expand. I know there was a lot of focus on the overall NIM and prepayment fees. But we just look at that as being seasonal. But I think you're right, focusing on the core NIM is reflective of the changes that we're making in our balance sheet, where resi and multi are falling and C&I and CRE are going up and noninterest-bearing deposits have hit 20%. So I think we'll continue to see benefit in the core NIM.
