Domenick A. Cama: Matt, this is Domenick. The -- we're looking at expenses to be a run rate of about $69 million to $70 million a quarter. However, we don't expect to see that -- that won't be fully phased in until the second and third quarter of 2014. So the first quarter, you'll see highly elevated -- you'll see the expenses elevated at about $72 million and then it will start to come down as we start to realize some of the expenses.
Domenick A. Cama: The expense saves, the cost saves from Roma and GCF. Having said that, I want to make note that we're conservative there with our estimates because we're continuing to make investments in the business. We continue to build our infrastructure. Some of the things that we're exposed to now from a regulatory perspective, like stress testing and building up our credit risk group, are putting expenses a little bit higher than they've been running in the past. So from an efficiency ratio standpoint, we're starting to see those -- that ratio start to climb up into the 54% and 55% range.
Domenick A. Cama: Yes, yes. But we won't get there until, again, somewhere between the second and third quarter of 2014 because...
Domenick A. Cama: The conversions are in schedule. One scheduled In early March and the other one's scheduled in late June.
Domenick A. Cama: Well, as Kevin said in his presentation, we've already put several teams in place to cover both the GCF -- the former GCF and the former Roma markets. We've taken our people, some of our people and actually relocated them to that market. So we expect to be able to, not only grow loans, but also to change the mix of the loans that, that franchise -- or those 2 franchises were originating. In Roma's case, about 60% of their loans were residential in nature, and we want to move them more towards commercial. And again, Kevin pointed out in his presentation that we've already closed a number of transactions in that market. So as we move forward, thinking about the business overall, we don't expect anything to change up here in New York markets and the North Jersey markets. And we anticipate changing the portfolios that we inherited from Roma and from GCF and to be a force down there on the commercial side. So we're expecting good things from that market.
Domenick A. Cama: Matt, as -- certainly, our credit has improved here and there's no doubt about that. However, our portfolio continues to evolve. It's a portfolio that's changing. Even here in the legacy Investors balance sheet, we have about 48% in residential loans. That continues to change as we put on more commercial real estate, multi-family business and C&I business. Those types of loans inherently bring more risk. And so, while, again, our credit is improving, we balance that against the fact that our portfolio composition is changing and we're putting on more risky assets.
Domenick A. Cama: I wouldn't say that we're seeing underwriting standards being lowered. Certainly, I can say that the pricing has become more competitive. And just as an example, Rick, just before this rally into 10-year over the last week or so, we had a pretty stable 10-year. But in the wake of the 10-year being relatively flat, we saw banks lowering their 5-year multi-family rate. And what we were told was that other banks in the market were getting ready or getting their -- lowering their rates in order to get their pipelines in order for the first quarter of 2014. Now, even we here have lowered our rate on multi-family loans from 3.50% to 3.25%. And now, it seems like we're at the higher end of that range.
Domenick A. Cama: The -- it's not only that cash, David, it was -- we sold their securities also. We sold about $370 million of their securities and used the proceeds from that transaction to pay down borrowings. And we don't expect to see anything like that in the first quarter. One of the things Kevin mentioned, the only other restructuring type of transaction, I'll call it, at this point is we're gearing up for potential sale of some delinquent loans down in that -- down from the Roma portfolio. But no other delevering, if you will, as a result. We accomplished that as soon as we closed.
Domenick A. Cama: Yes, well, Kevin mentioned the promotion that we put in place in the fourth quarter. It kicked off in October here in the North Jersey and the New York market. And it was intended to bring deposits in. Certainly, we were feeling some stress as a result of the loan growth at the company and the fact that we didn't close the Roma transaction. So we put a program in place, paid higher rates, brought in about somewhere between $550 million and $600 million in new deposits. But that promotion will be over in another 3 months. So that's the fourth quarter. Now, we also just instituted a promotion in the Roma markets that's exclusive to the markets that Roma and GCF occupied -- just the Roma markets and that's a high rate promotion that will be in place for about 1 month.
Domenick A. Cama: No. At this point, because the transaction took so long to execute, we want to try to do 2 things: one is recapture some of the market share we lost during the period of uncertainty; and two, give all of the Roma employees some energy to go out there and to have something that they can sell to bring their new customers back. So it's really to create some momentum in the market and to recapture some market share that we lost.
Domenick A. Cama: Well, the yield on new commercial loans ranges anywhere from 3.75 to 4.50. So that's going from a maturity of 5 years at 3.75 to a maturity to 4.50 for 15 years. Again, Roma had primarily a residential loan portfolio, not a big commercial real estate portfolio. So we expect that what we bring in there will be right in the market of somewhere between 3.75 and 4.50.
Kevin D. Cummings: Well, I think we feel comfortable at the high end of the range. We hope we will -- we want to be a conservative bank and with the current accounting rules and the improving history of our net charge-offs, it becomes a process that is changing. And not necessarily changing, it's changed from where -- when I was on the other side of the fence, on the ordered side, it is quite different than it was 8, 10 years ago, we're post -- pre-SunTrust in the mid-90s. But it is -- we're managing it, and we're going to be a conservative bank that takes credit risk very seriously.
Kevin D. Cummings: Yes, and it includes some Investors cleanup sales. Some of those small nonperforming loans I referenced to in my discussion.
Kevin D. Cummings: Okay. I'd like to thank you, all, for participating on the call today. I want to thank you, all, for your support during these years as an MHC. We're making this -- we're in a time of transition. It's a time -- a very exciting time for the company and hopefully, we'll be out and meeting with many of you in the market in the early -- late -- in the late first quarter, early second quarter. So, I thank you for your support and enjoy the weekend and enjoy the Super Bowl. Have a great day.
