Sean Burke: Thank you, Kevin. Net income was $64.3 million or $0.27 per share for the three months ended September 30, 2020, an increase of $21.7 million or 51% quarter-over-quarter and 24% year-over-year. Net interest margin increased six basis points to 2.79% in the third quarter, with declining cash balances and deposit costs driving the improvement. We expect cash balances and interest cost to further decline in the fourth quarter. Total non-interest income rebounded nicely from the second quarter and totaled $19.9 million, an increase of $9.8 million quarter-over-quarter. Strong swap income, mortgage banking activity and wealth and investment product revenues all contributed to the quarter-over-quarter increase. Expenses totaled $104.1 million in Q3, an increase of $4 million compared to the three months ended June 30, 2020. The increase was largely the result of increased incentive compensation and medical expenses. Included in expenses were approximately $1 million of costs related to the early extinguishment of borrowings in the quarter. Despite the uptick in expenses, our efficiency ratio improved slightly to 51.6% from 52.1% in Q2. Provision for credit losses was $8.3 million for the third quarter compared to $33.3 million for the second quarter. The decrease was driven by improving current and forecasted economic conditions. Third quarter loan originations were strong but not enough to offset the paydowns and payoffs. As a result, total loan balances decreased $364 million quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by residential and multifamily loan categories. The impact to interest income from declining loan balances was minimized as we're able to allow high-cost funding to run off in Q3. While total deposits were down $384 million quarter-over-quarter, non-interest bearing deposits were up $305 million or 10% quarter-over-quarter. Our percentage of non-interest bearing deposits to total deposits improved to 18% at September 30, 2020, compared to 14% a year ago. Asset quality, liquidity and capital continue to remain in a strong position. Non-accrual loans represented 0.63% of total loans at September 30, 2020, compared to 0.59% at June 30, while our allowance for loan -- for credit losses to loans stood at 1.44% at September 30. Our common equity Tier one ratio was 13%. Our loan-to-deposit ratio was 110% compared to 122% at year-end 2019. Now, I'd like to turn it back over to Kevin for concluding remarks.
Sean Burke: If I may, Jared, it's Sean. I just wanted to add a comment, though, the trend that really benefiting margin in the third quarter, which are declining cash balances with very low average yields and deposit costs continuing to come down, we expect that will continue in Q4. And despite maybe some headwind on the loan side, we do expect improvement in margin in Q4, a similar ilk to that we experienced in the third quarter.
Sean Burke: I think it's a big if, but we understand if forecasted conditions improve or remain similar, then, yes, I would agree with your statement, Jared. But, also keep in mind that loan volume and loan production and loan balances also impact that. So, we've seen declining loan balances. And if that -- if the tide were to turn there and we would see more production, it could lead to increased provision as it relates to loan volume.
Sean Burke: So, we are going to reap the benefits of continued repricing of both borrowings and deposits, and so there is a tailwind there. And we believe that the benefit -- there's still a lot of benefit there, not only in Q4, but looking out into 2021, Matt. So, I think where you'd start to maybe peter out running out of that tailwind, probably the second half of 2021 is where you could see some trail off there. But we could have 20 more basis points to go here. I mean, ideally, we would like to see something in the 3% range. That may be a little bit of a stretch, but I think that's a stretched goal for us. And, not saying that we're going to get there, but that's a target that we have in mind.
Sean Burke: It's not a huge delta, but it is part of it. So the compensation -- a bigger piece of it, quite honestly, is the retail incentives. And we've had very good low-cost deposits and non-interest bearing deposit growth that we've incentivized our people to do and generate. And so that, in large part, is driving higher incentive comp.
Kevin Cummings: Mark, I think it's our way of being prudent. There's such uncertainty in the market. We're continuing to evaluate it, and I think we're just waiting after the dust settles after the election and have some continued discussion with the other constituents that are involved mainly our regulators. We did the big repurchase at the end of last year, and we want to manage it in a -- similar to what we've done since the first step through the second step in a prudent manner. So it's a wait-and-see attitude, see what happens to the markets afterwards. And our plan is to continue to buy back sometime in the very, very near future.
Kevin Cummings: Jared, I don't think we see like a panic in the market. People aren't knocking on our doors giving back the keys. I think there's still confidence in the market. We don't see a panic out there dealing with the hotel operators, like they are generational owners. One in particular has put up a six months of payments in escrow on a large exposure, multi-properties -- multi-numbered properties. And, I think we're working with borrowers. It's a small group. Like I said, 61%, $360-plus million is in six relationships, and we know these customers very well. And I think it's -- we feel much more confident than we were sitting here six months ago.
Kevin Cummings: Jared, that reminds me of a question I used to get when I was with Peat Marwick in 1991, '92 when the audit committee just asked me if the allowance is adequate. And I said, yes, today, it is, but God only knows in the future.
Kevin Cummings: Thanks, Andrea. First of all, I'd like to thank you all for participation today. Our country is a great country. It's a strong country, but it's not perfect. We have created a country of great opportunities. But like Investors Bank, we need to continue to get stronger, improve and listen to all our constituents. Not going to be easy in 2021, regardless of Tuesday's results. We at Investors are well positioned to move forward into next year with great hope and optimism. We will create great opportunities for all our customers, employees and the communities that we serve. I want you all to please stay healthy and follow the CDC guidelines. Listen to that Jesuit educated Dr. Fauci. Wear a mask and stay away from crowds.
Kevin Cummings: Yes, wash your hands. Let's pray for each other and inspire each other in our daily work and look for magical moments to help each other to be the best version of ourselves during this crisis as we make this journey together. And I said it earlier, in July, the journey is the destination. I want to again thank you for your participation today. And I look forward to the day we can get out on the road and be visiting with you all soon. Enjoy Halloween, as I know I will, as it is my first granddaughter's first birthday. Raptors won its first road game on the road last week, and college pro football continues. I think we have to be optimistic. Life is good, and we need to cherish the moments. It's another step back to normalcy, and let's continue to pray for a cure to this dreadful virus. Be strong, be safe, and God bless. Thanks for your time today, and have a great day. Appreciate it.
Domenick Cama: And Mark, it's Domenick, and if I could just add another comment to that. Obviously, we recognize that the buying back of the stock is a good investment for us, and it's something that we want to do. We have already had some preliminary discussions with our regulators and with our Board. And it's -- I remember someone saying to me once, it's not a matter of if, it's a matter of when. And so I think as Kevin said in his prepared remarks, things look good that we will resume buying back the stock sometime in the fourth quarter. But we would like to touch -- would like to do a little more analysis on it and have more discussions with the constituents that Kevin mentioned.
Domenick Cama: Yes, Mark. Actually, we don't have any more borrowings coming due this quarter, but we do have about $1 billion of brokered CDs and retail CDs maturing over the quarter at an average cost of about 150 basis points. So, that's going to give us some momentum for NIM for the end of the fourth quarter. We are also looking at -- I think Kevin mentioned earlier in his prepared remarks that we did sign a contract to do a sale leaseback in which we're expecting a gain of somewhere between $7 million and $9 million. And our thinking is that we'll take that money, that gain, and use it to offset prepaid fees on borrowings that are averaging a cost of about 2%. So still -- and so we'll get some more momentum from that. But, in terms of this quarter, the big gain will be in the form of brokered CDs. There are no borrowings left to pay off this quarter.
Domenick Cama: Mark, on collection rates, I think we continue to see collection rates at about 85% for multi and about 50% to 60% on CRE. But I did want to put out one piece of information that wasn't in the deck that we put out. And specifically about Manhattan, we looked at the deferrals in Manhattan by category. And the LTVs of our multifamily loans in Manhattan is approximately 54%, and these are deferred balances in Manhattan. The lodging category, which is obviously the biggest category that we have of deferments, $244 million sit in Manhattan. And the weighted average LTV of those properties is approximately 49%. So, those are the two big categories in Manhattan, and I know there's been a lot of discussion around the industry about the knock on Manhattan and what's going on there. But, we feel very good about the LTV situation and the fact that the customers we're dealing with have a significant amount of equity in their properties in Manhattan, and we deem it a very low probability that they're going to walk away from these properties.
Domenick Cama: Yes. I think you actually may see a reduction in loan yields, Jared, because -- I mean if you just look at what the average loan yield was in our residential book, quarter-over-quarter was approximately the same. But if you go back a year in our residential book, we're down almost 40 basis points. So that resi book, we're continuing to put loans on. We're just not putting on as many as we were in prior years. On the multifamily side, we have now moved our pipeline up significantly. On the CRE front, our pipeline is about $1.7 billion. And the weighted average cost of the CRE pipeline is about 3.90%. So that will bring down the yield on the CRE book. C&I is about $800 million, and that's a little bit more difficult to project. But the combination of multifamily loans and residential loans continuing to come on the balance sheet will, I think, have the effect of lowering our average yield on loans.
Domenick Cama: Yes. I mean we haven't seen any significant decline in valuations. I mean we look specifically at cap rates, and cap rates continue to be in that 4.5% to 5.5% range. So, no significant decline there. On some of the C&I properties, it's a little bit more difficult to do because, obviously, operating income has been impacted. And, trying to put a valuation on a hotel, for example, its operating business, is difficult right now. So specifically, though, in the commercial real estate and multifamily sector, while we have seen a tick up in cap rates, it has not been significant. It's not actually what I expected it to be. It just -- it stayed pretty stable.
Domenick Cama: Yes. Well, I think we put a deck out last night or this morning. But if you look at Manhattan, Manhattan has total deferments of $313 million. And the composition of that is $243 million in lodging, $58 million in multifamily and then $10 million CRE and $1 million in C&I.
Domenick Cama: Of course, we always look at the buyback as an effective way to manage our capital. And obviously, if it makes sense to buy back the stock and we've run out of authorization, of course, we would go back to the Board and ask them to reauthorize an additional allotment.
Domenick Cama: Yes. I mean, again, you're asking me that question in the middle of a pandemic. If you had asked me, say, two years ago, I might have said 8.5%. And these days, it's more like 9.5%. So, it just depends on where we are at a particular point in the cycle. But it's difficult to say that in all situations, this is where I would be very happy.
Domenick Cama: Yes. Steve, we -- obviously, we had some PPP money in there that continue to come in. We had -- also, we put out a team of bankers, business bankers that we talked about last year. And those folks have started to reap some benefit. We're doing more C&I lending. We are doing more treasury management. And those two factors are having the effect of bringing more non-interest bearing deposits in. So it's been our strategy to continue to transition the bank from a traditional thrift to a commercial bank, and I think we're finally starting to see some benefit from those strategic decisions.
Domenick Cama: And Matt, if I could just add to Sean's comment, so you -- obviously, you get the benefit that he described on the deposit side. But our continued remixing of the asset side of the balance sheet is going to continue to provide benefit to us. We're seeing yields on C&I loans of 50 basis points to 5/8, above where multifamily and CRE are coming in. So, as we continue to focus on the C&I front, that will help to add to NIM also.
Domenick Cama: Well, I think that net loan growth will be better as we head into '21. I think that, as I said earlier on the multifamily front, I think that we've stopped that bleeding. We are looking at ways to stop the bleeding on the residential side. We're dropping there probably $60 million to $70 million a month despite the activity that we have in that portfolio. And we're looking at -- now I should add the comment that it was a strategic decision to start to slow down residential balances on our balance sheet. However, when the pandemic came along, that presented an opportunity for us with wider spreads. Having said all of that, I think, Matt, it would depend on resi. If I can get resi to stabilize, we should see growth in 2021. We're going through the budget process right now. And while I'm not trying to give guidance at all here, we are projecting growth in 2021. And that budget hasn't been approved yet, but we are looking at ways to continue to grow the loans in 2021. Because, again, as Sean described earlier, the steam is going to run out just based on the -- getting rid of the cash balances, and we need to start to generate growth to continue to add to NIM.
Domenick Cama: Matt, I don't have that breakdown. I would say that New Jersey is probably doing a little bit better than New York in all of the categories, but I don't have a specific -- I don't have the numbers to support your question. So -- but if you'd like, I can look up that information, and we can send that out to you.
Domenick Cama: Yes. I mean it's been a great business. I mean some of the spreads that we've seen on mortgage banking have been pretty remarkable. I mean this morning, just going through our rate meeting, selling loans to Fannie Mae at two 3/4%, we're reaping a price of 102. So to the extent that we can continue to generate business loans for sale to Fannie, we're going to continue to do that. And actually, one of the questions we had this morning was should we lower the rate and take less price from Fannie, and the consensus was that we want to maintain the quality of the underwriting process and the closing process. And we felt that we could be adding too much pressure to the group. So it's a long-winded answer, Collyn, but I think you're going to continue to see more non-interest income as we go through next quarter and the early part of 2021 because that business is really hitting on all cylinders.
