Bruce Van Saun: Well, thanks John. On Slide 20, we've included our updated vision, plan and credo statement. We are turning the corner, moving out of our turnaround phase and shifting gears to focus on what it takes to be a truly top performing bank. The key to sustainable success is to stay focused on our customers and colleagues to bring out their best. On Slide 21, we layout what would distinguish us in a crowded banking landscape. A strong culture focused on the customer, our commitment to financial discipline and achieving excellent capabilities in key areas. And on Slide 22, we make the case that there is plenty of fuel left in a tank to propel our ROTCE higher. The same levers that propelled us from roughly 4% ROTCE to 10% are still in place. And our management has a proven track record of execution. To sum up, on Slide 23, our strong results this quarter demonstrate our ability to execute against our strategic initiatives and continue to improve how we run the bank to drive underlying revenue growth and carefully manage our expense base. Our outlook remains positive as we work to becoming a top performing regional bank. So with that John let's open it up and we'll take some questions.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. Sure. So what we've been progressing through time since separation from RBS is what I referred to as a glide path of normalizing our capital ratios. And this year we gave guidance range that we likely ended 10.7 to 10.9 down from roughly 11.2 when the year started. I still think we will achieve that so we are on track to come in within that range. And I think we can continue to follow a glide path down in subsequent CCAR in the second half of this CCAR cycle i.e. the first half of 2018 and then in future CCAR cycle. So our view is that we so far have been a bit prudent as a new company, keep a little bit of capital buffer, give us flexibility to both grow loan and return good level of capital to shareholders. And we can continue to do that into another cycle or two. There is no reason at the end of the day that our -- we should have to sustain that buffer or loss profile, credit loss profile were below the median versus peers. So I think we have a good level of discipline and risk appetite and we certainly can manage down towards the median level of peers. And I think what you are hearing from peers is they'd all like to be lower as well. So we are following them down. And if they continue to move down and we can continue to move even further. So with respect to dividend versus capital, I think we have always viewed it's important to have a good dividend on the stock and have a good yield and now that the Fed appears to have no longer a bright line at 30% payout ratios, we are start moving ahead of that and I think we have confidence in our earnings trajectory that we can continue to raise that dividend and raise it at a good clip and be able to sustain that dividend and take it even higher. So that's really important to us. We also will continue to repurchase shares. I think $850 million is up meaningfully from what we repurchase last year. So as earnings grow and our capital generation grows, it gives us the flexibility to kind of have our cake and eat it too. We can raise the dividend, we can buyback stock and we can grow loans. I don't know John if you want to add anything for that.
Bruce Van Saun: I'll start and John you can -- but I think we've done a good job of sustaining good deposit growth that's kept pace with the loan growth. So obviously when we sold the Chicago franchise we took the LDR from roughly 93 up to 98 now basically we've been on treadmill where when we grow loans we grow deposits at similar clip. Where we've focused has been on the commercial side where when RBS ran into difficulty and we ran a balance sheet down, we ran off a lot of the commercial deposit base. So we've been now on a mission to go out and get the operating count and grow interest bearing deposit from the commercial side. I am pleased to see that this quarter, by quarter end of spot basis their LDR low on 60. It had been its higher 250 at one point. So I think there are still more room to run in terms of leveling that out and maybe ultimately getting that commercial LDR in 140 to 150 ranges which I think is probably where peers are. So we had that going on the consumer side, continuing to focus on better tools, better data analytics into customers so we can make more tailored offers and we can bring in incremental fund that our customers have away from us but we like to bring onboard into the bank and I think we can find ways to do that cost effectively without raising the overall cost of our back book. So those are some of the initiatives that will continue but I think we've demonstrated a good track record of being able to manage in a basis of kind of high 90s, 97 to 99. I think over time we like to bring that down a bit maybe 95 to 97. But we are very comfortable with where we are. Our LDR is really, really strong so the fact that we have so many consumer deposits and we termed out a lot of our wholesale borrowing with the senior debt issuance and terming out some our FHLB advances. We have a very strong overall funding profile. John, you want to add to that.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. And just to your last point, Erika, I don't think we are in the market or in the hunt to go out and buy deposits. I think we think we can grow -- we probably look at digital strategy to gain some additional deposits before we go out and actually go purchase deposits.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. Maybe I'll start briefly and then John, I know you can handle this one. But I'd say is there were some idiosyncratic factors in Q2 that needed the increase that we expected to see. The first one was that not only did we not get parallel shift when the Fed move which can dampen the full benefit of your position. Your asset sensitive position. We actually saw a flattener so the 10 year on average was down 20 basis points during the quarter. So that was a drag that was not anticipated. And that creates the securities premium amortization and that roughly had 2 basis points impact on the NIM. And John you can talk about third quarter but in brief we would not expect to see the 10 year move dramatically. It will be ranged down so we are not relying on a rebound in order to get the 3 basis points lift. So the hit happened in Q2. Does that show you upside beyond the 3 basis points in Q3 if you saw a reflation back end of the curve just to be clear on that point. The other thing that was idiosyncratic to us was that we went out and issued $1.5 billion in senior debt and we had anticipated an issuance size of about half of that but as you are seeing it's been very conducive in the market when rates come down to go and issue and lock in spreads in attractive financing term. So we upsize and we went earlier than we had anticipated which I think is a right thing to do. Again, it's locks and it was a bit opportunistic and but it locks in a very good piece of debt in our funding structure that will benefit us many quarters into the future. So we can take a basis point there on the chin for being opportunistic. And you should feel fine about that. So that will not recur in Q3 either. So that's why when you look at the things that hit us a little bit in Q2, we would not expect to see those things hit us in Q3. And we should get the full quarterly run rate benefit of the Fed hike which came relatively late in the second quarter. John, over to you.
Bruce Van Saun: We typically haven't called exactly how we've staged that, Ken, but generally speaking we've been pretty much averaging on that. We will take advantage of ASRs during the quarter to get a bump by taking those shares out day one of the quarter. So we've been doing that. If we want to accelerate we would have to make a new request to do that.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, I think we are going into this year. We had a roughly, if my memory serves me 325 or 330 of charge-offs a provision last year and coming into this year. We took that up to potentially I think move it to down 425, 450 or something to 475. So our expectation was that as we continue to grow loans, we need to be building our provision and that the commercial business which had very, very low level of charge-offs would start to normalize. We called out today that we think for the year it will certainly be well below the next goal post of that range. You can see what we are tracking to. And I think the reason for that one is that commercial has still stayed relatively pristine. We don't see any material trouble spots or migration areas. You can always get hit with the so called scud missile. But we hope we don't see any of those. But in any case commercial outlook continues to be good. And then on the consumer side, there are kind of assets, the high quality assets that we are putting on in those portfolio continues to keep us in very good standing over there. And delinquencies look really good as well. So I'd say the trend -- our expectation would continue to be favorable and so it's not. Yes, we should start to see some gradual rebuilding of those levels over time. Stay tuned for the guidance for next year but in terms of this year, we are still pretty optimistic about both Q3 and then the Q4 outlook. I don't know if anybody here wants to try and --
Bruce Van Saun: And Brad you said, maybe you could comment, you had the runoff of some legacy core assets which is -- we are getting some recoveries there and that's helping. And it creates the room for you to grow some of your [Multiple Speakers]
Bruce Van Saun: So I think it's a little premature Gerard to tell you what the next set of metrics are. I want to achieve the ones that we set out to achieve when we went on the IPO journey. We are getting damn close. So that feels quite good. But stay tuned. I think we will in due course be rating putting out the ROTCE target obviously efficiency ratio, ROA, those are the measure that investors look for. And I think as we've said we've plenty of fuel in the tank to continue to execute our strategy, what works for us going from 4 to roughly 10, should work for us going forward. And we should -- we have plenty of capital to put the work to grow the balance sheet, reduce the share count. I think we've been investing in the key businesses to broaden our capabilities and figure out how to deepen relationship with our customers, whether they are on the commercial side or consumer side. We are starting to see some benefits flow from those investments which have been great to see. And I think we have a real fanatical commitment to positive operating leverage in terms of trying to find ways to run this bank more efficiently and more effectively serving customers better at a lower cost point. And we will continue with that. So if we can continue to pull those levers I think it won't be too long before we'll be able to put out a new set of goal posts.
Bruce Van Saun: And one thing you can note Gerard is that I think we were at about 6% and it had two hikes since then. And we've now are positioned at about 5.5% so the gradual rise to 200 rise scenario. So I think that will give you an indication that just naturally as we get deeper into the hike cycle that sensitivity start to fall. So we are not fighting that or just kind of letting that drift down but relative to peers we are still one of the more asset sensitive banks.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. It's little early to give the 2018 guidance. I think what we've seen from these TOP programs historically is we are pushing that operating leverage to a 3% to 5% guidance range. I think if you went back a couple of years ago it was probably 2% to 4%. So it's helpful in that and continuing to sustain a good level of positive operating leverage. So I'd probably leave at there for now. We are not ready to give 2018 guidance but it's certainly helpful to enhance modestly and sustain the operating leverage outlook. And also creates funding capacity for us to reinvest in the businesses to go out and hire more corporate bankers and mortgage loan officers and wealth advisors and investing some great new technology offerings in digital and data analytics and things that we are doing. So it's incredibly helpful and I think what you've seen is that we don't just consume it with other expenses and investments. We've actually been able to be disciplined and let some of that flow through the bottom line and keep the positive operating leverage at close to the top of our peer group on a consistent basis.
Bruce Van Saun: The other thing Brad that you might point out is many of the autos that we are financing are in favorable sub segments to the market.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. I'll start and flip to John. But I said we are pretty consistent with outlook that we gave in Q2. So we had kind of 1.5% spot expectation which we hit if you exclude the late in a quarter loan sales. And partially that's a reflection of some of the uncertainty still down in Washington that we saw that boost in soft data after the election that people are hopeful that there is a Republican President and Congress and that we should be able to affect their pro growth agenda. And it's been a long time in coming. So that uncertainty I still think still keeps some of our customers on the commercial side a little reluctant to go full board. And really take down lines that they have or generate some new momentum in terms of capital expenditures or some acquisitions. So that's been I think the situation until it changes. And it looks like we'll go through Q3 in a similar position as what transpired in Q2. I think the consumer generally has been healthy and we sort out areas where little pockets where we can be distinctive and find some risk adjusted return areas like education refinance loans and personal unsecured or installment partnerships that we have with Apple that we expand now to Vivin and to HP. So I feel good that the balanced we've achieved with growth on the commercial side and the consumer side can continue but. Why don't I flip it to you both Don for some quick color.
Bruce Van Saun: Or there maybe we were holding some money out when rates were lower in terms of the reinvestment and cash flow, would probably the only thing I'd highlight there.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. Well, thanks again everyone for dialing in today. We certainly appreciate your interest. Again, we believe we are firing on cylinders. We will continue to focus on disciplined execution of our plan. Thank you and have a good day.
John Woods: No. I just think that with respect to the buyback I think we are feeling very strong about that outlook. And I think one thing we are trying to do is the balance our opportunities to deploy capital internally against returning that to shareholders. And I think we'll have to do that -- to do that going forward.
John Woods: Yes. Just, well, I think the growths in our deposit are tracking in line with our expectations. We are optimizing our balance sheet across businesses, targeting higher value customer segment and looking at longer-term growth in the checking and cash management businesses. And on that last two on the commercial side where we are seeing some growth. We are making investments in our technology replatforming, and we think that's going to pay us nice growth in the deposit side going forward. And one other point, we've been able to deploy these deposits with very attractive returns. And that's double digit well above capital and so we are feeling very good about where these deposits are getting deployed given, unique opportunities on the asset side.
John Woods: Yes. So, I think you covered it. Bruce, I'd just say reiterate the point of -- the two points were related, security premium amortization we had a both the 5 year and the 10 year were down, cost of 20 basis point quarter-over-quarter. And that led to a desired effect on data offering. So as you mentioned, those are the latest. So when you look at out the 3Q, couple of points I made there. I think you made the point that we are not relying on increases in the 5 and 10 years in order to support that outlook. So I think that's important to note. We are just indicating that the absence of that drag we are expecting even now we think more of range bound view. And the other point I hasten to add is loan yield are expected to expand similar to the second quarter. We had strong loan yield expansion in the first and second quarter. We are expecting to see that in the third quarter. The June hike of course we'll see that fully layered itself in the C&I book, but I'd mention the fact we are going to see the full quarter effect of the March hike on our large HELOC portfolio. And some of you may know we only get two months of benefit in the second quarter with that portfolio. And we are going to full three months in third quarter. So those are the leases that I highlighted. We feel good about our guidance which we give.
John Woods: Yes. Your question, I mean we like where we are right now. I think that we plan to remain an asset sensitive bank and we plan to keep that upside potential and gas in the tank as you heard from Bruce earlier, there will be pressure over interest rate tightening cycle which is pretty natural. But like I said we will continue to have an outlook for exactly where that will be but we expect to maintain a strong asset sensitive positive over time and continue to participate in the upside on the rate tightening cycle.
John Woods: Yes. Just like I said risk adjustment returns by going into prime and quite attractive and we feel good about deploying the capital in that space and like that balance between the super prime and prime. So as Brad mentioned no surprises on that front.
John Woods: No repositioning there, just a same approach that approach we look at that as a liquidity back stop and way to moderate our interest rate risk profile. And it drives where our LDR levels which are quite strong. So nothing to --
Don McCree: It's Don. I think that's exactly right and we got a very good process now that we call to the portfolio and have a lot of early warning signal. So we can see out a few quarters in terms of general trends in the portfolio. And as we do continue to participating and grow in this market, we are staying -- we are trying to stay very disciplined from our new origination standpoint knowing markets are very aggressive right now.
Don McCree: John, on the SNC book, I really don't think about in terms of what the lead position. I think the lead position; I'll have the exact numbers into 20% of range. If I had to guess across the overall SNC portfolio, but the important thing there is two things. One is on the origination side, and you are speaking the cap market space were climbing the lead table very nicely. So we are kind of top five and all of those in lead table from middle market origination which we are really pleased with that. And we are leading many more deals on the capital market side. Then in the overall SNC book, the real key to me is, are we earning an adequate return on each of those capital commitments. So we have a much disciplined process as we deploy capital, make sure we think we can cross sell and generate adequate returns on the capital deployment. And as Bruce and John mentioned, we are going back to the book as part of our optimization program exiting those credits where we are not good progress in terms of building broad relationships. And the important thing for me is, we just every quarter adding incremental capabilities to be able to service the clients and operate in a high quality way and the acquisition of Western Reserve this quarter is an important addition to the arsenal in terms of being able to provide high quality M&A advice.
Don McCree: Yes. I completely agree with that. We are seeing a lot of engagement with clients. But lot of is around refinancing. So the net new money demand is still pretty tepid out there. So I'd say about 50% of our growth is probably net new money and 50% of our growth is refinancing of other bank clients. So still -- we feel very good about what we are seeing in our origination pipeline. We like to see a boom in cash financed M&A but we are not seeing it yet. We are seeing private equity flow, really a lot of properties being passed back and forth between private equity firms. So that's not creating net new demand. But we are able to capture more than a fair share. I don't see any reason that's going to change. Part of our expansion effort into the Southeast and growing New York Metro and growing the Midwest where we've added a lot of bankers and new leadership in those markets will allow us to add net new client. That's what's going to drive the balance of our net new money growth as we guys look forward --
Brad Conner: Exactly. And as you said, Bruce, the stability of the asset that we are putting on remains very good. Delinquency looks strong. We had given a little bit more detail guidance two months back about what our range or losses would look like over the next -- through the next year and half or so. And we remain very confident in the guidance that we gave there. All the trends remain right in line with what we talked about.
Brad Conner: Yes. So on auto, let me roll back a little bit and remind that we did expand the credit of the -- to get the better risk adjusted yield or returns in auto. So we have seen the auto --
Brad Conner: And exactly where I was going. We are seeing that migration. We are seeing a little bit of losses come off exactly the way we had projected and losses are moving right in line with what we had [Multiple Speakers]
Brad Conner: Exactly, higher yield on the book. And so we look at the trend I mean certainly we are seeing a little bit of reduction in used car value but very much in line with what we had projected. We talked about that for last quarter in terms of making an adjustment to our provision for that expectation that's trending very much in line. In fact, what I'd say we saw this quarter a used car value stabilized. So that was good sign for us.
Brad Conner: So we are highly concentrated in pickup trucks and SUVs which we've had-- which have performed better in terms of used car value and the projection of those asset car, those car classes are also better. So again I think I just go back to where we started which is we are very much in line with what our expectations were at the time that we priced the vintages, we were seeing the trend move very much in line with our expectation and really no areas of concern.
Brad Conner: I think he said pretty well but I mean on the small business side probably a very similar story to Don which is the demand is somewhat tepid but it's in that way for a while. Obviously, the mortgage refinance activity is down just for the rate environment. But in the other consumer areas it's been relatively stable and strong demand as you said we carved out some nice niches that seemed to have quite a bit of run rate to them and our view going forward is relatively similar position.
