John Woods: Yes. It's a real high-level point maybe on consumer and commercial. So, some headwinds as you mentioned with auto running down and a pick-up and some attrition that we have seen in home equity, but the things looked to be balanced out a little bit in 2Q. We are looking forward with refi, some strength in mortgage, and in the unsecured space overall. So that looks good. And in commercial, as you mentioned lending pipelines are holding strong. After a very solid 2Q, we still see the pipelines holding steady in both the C&I and CRE space. So from that perspective we are feeling good about it. And if you look at how we are comparing, Bruce gave you the overview, but when you think about how we are looking versus HA [ph], pretty much across the board, we are either in line or better. So I think we are executing well on that front. So those would be the only comments I would add.
John Woods: Yes, thanks, Scott, good question. So yes, what that reflects exclude the synergies that once we close on the deal, we will start executing against the various expense synergies that we talked about on the funding side, on the operational side and in servicing category. So you can -- I think we mentioned that we would expect that things would modestly accretive in 2H [ph]. And so that's our outlook there. And we talked about the 2% in 2019 and 3% in 2020, but -- so that's you are seeing on [indiscernible] synergies.
John Woods: And just to add a little bit to that, the new loan yields coming in are in the middle market space are in the mid 450s or so. And you can see that we are as yield continue to go up driven by the Fed, we're able to capture most of that into the coupon from the front book and that plus cost will drive very attractive funding opportunities as we look at that base.
John Woods: Yes, just would add, I think we would see now that there are in terms of where we are in the cycle when you look at charge offs rates being where they are in 20s, we all imagine that's on the lower end of where things will likely be through the cycle. But just how the accounting works and that's what we are tied to, how the accounting works we are looking at the current loss model which really wouldn't allow us to really put out much more than what we are doing. And I mean I think the…
John Woods: Yes, and that mix shift that Bruce mentioned is a driver, so we're just heading -- we are seeing better quality stuff come in the front books that's going at the back.
John Woods: I'll go ahead and take that. So I mean, yes, we had deposit cost up 15 basis points from interesting bearing. I think it's important add that when you include our very solid DDA growth really the all-in growth in deposit cost was 11 basis points. And that's been really and dramatic of the investments we have been making in that space to really drive DDA. And we are really proud to be able to continue to grow DDA in this environment which is better than many have been able to do. So that's the position we are in. We continue to see some opportunities to grow DDA going forward which will offset the interesting bearing cost as you indicated. Cumulative beta is around 28. I think you could see us getting into the low 30s in the second half of the year in terms of cumulative betas, even ending the year still in the low 30s. And sequentially betas, by the time you get to the end of the year, it depends on who many hikes you get, right? If you look out of the window and say, listen, there is a sense that we will get more at least but may be not the second one, you could see sequential betas getting into the 50 or 60% level by the time you get to the end of the year really being driven by that at least one more hike that we think we will get either in September or November.
John Woods: Yes, just something to think about on the loan side, our loan betas are around 60% and continue to hold in at that level. When you think about deposit base, you got to remember about all the non-interest bearing funding including equity that needs to adjust that level. So even out of deposit beta at 60%, the effective beta is really 45%, and so it continues to be useful and accretive to grow into that kind of environment, and we're constantly looking into that on a quarter-to-quarter, month-to-month basis, and we monitor the incremental loan growth against the incremental deposit cost and we make financial decisions that are quite prudent in that regard. But I don't think we should be scared away from 60% deposit betas because of that other effect that I mentioned.
John Woods: They do, yes. So first quarter the phenomenon was really stronger than second quarter. And you saw three months LIBOR and one month LIBOR kind of tightening in a little bit, but Bruce is exactly right quarter-over-quarter, 1Q to 2Q similar phenomenon. As you head into 3Q, we're going to continue to get asset yield growth, but it will be more balanced with the consumer side of the house. In 2Q, you saw C&I really driving it in Q3, it will be more balanced between consumer and commercial. And the other thing to talk about, we still are in about even post swap adjusted basis with 52% of our assets are floating. But the other 48% continues to drive improvement when we get that - when you don't have the rate, I just take benefits from that, from the lag effect on the flipside of the asset block.
John Woods: Yes, sure, Ken. And this is a private conversation that we're having with the Fed, but I'll tell you kind of the headline of it so you get a sense as to where we think the -- but the Fed changed their PPNR model in the 2017 CCAR cycle to move away from more of an average industry approach to firm-specific approach. And I think when they built that model they pick up data from right after the great recession, which we think has data elements in it. So when you think about the super-regional peers, most of the super-regional peers had the benefit of TARP funding and were able to grow their balance sheets, and dues, in some cases acquisitions that were quite accretive. Citizens uniquely was owned by a foreign government, if you will, 80% owned by the U.K. government, not eligible for TARP and needed to shrink its balance sheet too because they didn't get the TARP funding, but also because its parent needed to raise capital levels, and I was there, so I know I saw that firsthand. And so, from peak to trough, the Citizens balance sheet shrunk by 30% and peers actually went the other direction, I think the average peer was 125 to 160; we were 160 down to 125 over a five-year period. When you shrink, as you know, in banking, you end up with an impact on your fixed expense base, so your overall expense ratio goes up, which really depletes your PPNR. So if you're picking up that data, you're going to get one set of results for most banks; you're going to get a unique set of results for us who has unique history. And then when you look at how does the Fed run the CCAR model, they actually assume that your balance sheet is going to grow, they don't assume that it's going to shrink when they do their forecast through stress. And so, you have a total inconsistency between the assumption on what's going to happen to the balance sheet and then the data that they're picking up for their PPNR model. So that's the short version of it. We've had continuing dialog, and we're actually hopeful because we think this is a very clear logical argument that we're putting forth, and when those have been presented to the Fed in the past, they've been willing to consider them and make adjustments. So we're hopeful that that will resonate.
John Woods: Yes, absolutely. So, on the asset side, we think about it as reallocating capital from lower return categories. We missed a fair bit of that out there. We've got a relatively large auto book and an asset finance book and a non-core book that all tend to come in a bit lower on the risk return profile than maybe some of the other opportunities that we have up there in the student space and emerging finance and all in within C&I. So there's still a fair bit of that to go, and you can't really fix that kind of stuff in one or two quarters; it takes years to be able to fully transform the balance sheet, and so, we have embarked upon this with the level of formality and you will continue to see benefits coming out of that behavior over the next year or two. I would also mention we not only see opportunities across loan categories, but within loan categories themselves and where we want to rotate more return basically bottom quartile investments that we may have made and maybe increasing the velocity of exiting those relationships and rotating them into and reallocating the capital in different relationships is also an opportunity, and that's indicative of what we did with the $350 million that you saw in 2Q. So I think there's still a fair bit let to go on that front.
John Woods: Yes, I will go ahead and take that one. So, as you know, we just launched this thing, just for context. This is a nice diversification performing sources, but when you think about, what we are trying to drive here approximately $2 billion by the end of the year, that's less than 2% of our deposit base. So we want to keep it in context. We are excited about it. We think it's a great platform to test and learn innovative approaches to customer experience, but nevertheless it's still about -- it's less than 2% of our deposit base. With respect to cost, the launch rates as you know when we think it launched to typically a little higher to drive awareness and consideration, but it's still lower than the marginal large commercial and consumer promo and wholesale borrowings that are on our balance sheet. And so from that perspective, it's very important qualitatively, but even financially at the margins these are desirable deposits to be on the balance sheet, just to give you a couple of numbers here and then I think from -- even at our launch rate, which we have the unique ability to be able to do, so that we can lag pricing later on we are around 2% on savings and that's the majority of what we have going on here. Even large commercial depositors would be in excess of that and really the promotional ways, when you consider the cannibalization it typically occurs in a branch-based promotional activity, those rates will be higher than what we are driving out of Citizens Access as well. So we are really excited about it on both fronts, both the strategic aspects of it and the financial aspects of it in the box that we are keeping it on the balance sheet.
John Woods: I wouldn't say that, Erika, I would definitely -- would say it and just to make sure I was there earlier; we agree that each 25 basis points of increase in Fed does drive all equal and increase in the sequential data that one would appear in. So that's clear that we agree with that. We just also would offer up that we happen to be growing DDA in an environment where most are not. So, on a net basis, that's helping that and it's having somewhat of an offsetting impact, but not fully reversing the impact of the fact that sequential betas will grow, and we will experience growth in sequential betas like others, but not to the extent that would otherwise be the case if we don't grow in DDA.
John Woods: Yes, I'm going to take that one. And I think the way to think about our exposure there is that we're about 75% and this is short end of the curve. But when we have a flattening yield curve, then that can give you a sense for what opportunity cost area is. That would otherwise be the case, as that non-occurred. So we got 4.6% asset sensitivity number that we spoke about earlier, that assumes the parallel shift increase in rate. So you note 25% half off of that when we don't get that increase on the long end. It's hard to fight gravity on the long end of the yield curve, and we are sensitive to the short end and maintain a majority exposure to the short end, and lot of our C&I lending really drives that exposure, and that's really the best defense I guess I would say to continue to drive net interest margin in an environment where the Fed continues to move, but the long end remains certainly well.
John Woods: And just to add to that, Gerard, as Bruce mentioned earlier, even if we don't get out of the stress test regime, the SCB has some really intriguing and desirable attributes from a flexibility perspective so you forget some maybe even most, but not all of the flexibility you would get if you get out entirely, you would still have the uncertainty factor of the annual SCB it would be assigned but you would get back lot of the flexibility may be even in the near-term even before we get out of the test itself.
John Woods: I will start off and frankly maybe Brad can add. I think on a pricing standpoint, they both seem to be very competitive. I mean when you look at that the branch of footprint activities, and talking earlier about when you think about TOP online and direct bank offers being around those call at the 175 to 200 basis points range for savings, even in branch businesses which have all of the physical cost associated with it, we're seeing in our footprint, competitors going out at 175, which is at the low end of the online bank with no legacy physical plan that you have to recover as well. So the competition is pretty stiff in both places. We just have to pick our spots. And I think we've done that well in terms of differentiating on customer experience, and we've got one of the best customer experiences we believe that's out there, and Brad can elaborate that, but being clear about how we target the level of growth and where we invest funds, I'll turn it over to Brad.
Donald McCree: No, just confirm the pipeline look good. I feel very good about the fact that - you will see it continue to manage the balance sheet for assets that are just not working for us on a total return on yield basis. And the good news about the assets we sold is we sold them at far better, which is a reflection of where the market is. So, it was a very attractive sale for us.
Donald McCree: So it's really across the board. I mean it's concentrated in some of our industry verticals which tend to be slightly larger accounts and our expansion mortgage which also tend to be slightly larger credit, so more of mid-corp and middle market. And the reason for that particular expansion mortgage is we are being careful on credit quality. So as we are in new markets, we want to be dealing with bigger companies with slightly more financial flexibility. We are also seeing a little bit better utilization of working capital, which I think is indicative of some of the tax effect coming through with particular our midsized companies. And we are seeing a decent amount of M&A activity in terms of funding of M&A oriented activities in the client base. And I would say yields have held up pretty well. I mean our front book originations aren't too far off our existing portfolio. And we are being selective. If we are seeing overly competitive situations where yields are unattractive from a return basis, and we don't have cross-sell, we are passing. And we have actually seen a fair amount of aggressiveness in the market which we don't like. But we are being highly selective in terms of where we thought. And the way we look at it is not just loan yields, but it's overall return on credit extension, so it includes cross sell capability into our cash management business as well as our capital markets and mortgage business.
Donald McCree: Yes, we definitely are also getting at the margin more cautious, and being more selective where we see terms and conditions being stretched. We haven't seen that much movement in price in terms of price deterioration, but we have seen a little bit of move in leverage and structure, and we are staying disciplined. The other thing that you're seeing in some of our real estate growth is we have a large construction book, which is funding. So it's transactions that we have put in place on unfunded construction standpoint several years ago which are funding up onto the balance sheet right now. So I would say a growth on the origination side we think will moderate a little bit, but it wouldn't necessarily mean that our growth on the asset side will moderate on the funding effect.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. And I would just add one last point, Scott, is that we're constantly calibrating -- we have loan growth opportunities. Do we pursue all of that or do we either look at the back book or throttle back on the front book depending on where we think the funding cost that are going to go where we need deposits to fund the loan growth. And so that constant calibration is what it's going to cost us to fund the loan growth, is it going to be NIM accretive, is it going to be ROTCE accretive? And I think what you are seeing is that we have been able to sustain loan growth at the high end of peers, still have our NIM expand, still have our ROTCE expand because of some of the attractive lending pockets that we've identified.
Bruce Van Saun: I'll start and then maybe John you can chime in. But that's just been modestly declining I think. If you go back a couple of years ago, it might have been in 116–117. And it's down around 110. I think there is a number of things that play. Obviously, the credit back book is very, very clean. And so that's a factor. And then as we remix loans and run offs on far legacy dodgier loans if you will and really expand in areas where -- on the consumer side we're pristine in terms of our credit risk appetite. I think that remixing also requires lower overall reserve levels. And so I think it's really a reflection of where we are in terms of our credit risk appetite, where we are in the credit cycle. And we feel good about those levels at this point.
Bruce Van Saun: We are building reserves. Two quarters in a row we -- this quarter we had 9 million billed provision over charge offs. So I think we're keeping up with some of that loan growth, but we have such good results on that credit backlog that's netting to not much of increase in the overall allowance.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, and I would just add to that. So if you look at the overall asset sensitivity that we published in response to 200 basis points gradual hikes, we held in pretty much around a 5% level. I think we're tad under 5%, but that speaks to John's point that the dynamic right now still is for NIM accretion as the Fed continues to hike. And I'd say when you look at our deposit costs, if you kind of align the peer group, a super-regional peer group about who is growing deposits and who is actually flat on deposits, and who is actually shrinking their deposits and allowing their LDR to flow it up, I think we're doing a darn good job in terms of -- you know, you could draw regression equation on that. And so, we're going to have slightly higher growth in our interest-bearing deposit cost, because we're actually growing deposits because we have a loan growth. And that's all to the good because we have NIM expanding, we have our ROTCE expanding, and so we've got that calibration really under focus, and we're managing it very well in my view.
Bruce Van Saun: That was there last quarter though too. So that's been kind of on a sequential quarter basis, you've had the LIBOR anticipating the moves, and so it's relatively neutral I think from Q2 to Q3 because they both have that phenomenon.
Bruce Van Saun: We'd say, Ken, that will give you annual guidance at the beginning of the year, it's the policy. And then, we will give you quarterly updates and we will comment in around about the annual guidance as go, but we are not in the business of updating that full-year guidance every quarter. You have got two quarters in the bank, you have got detailed guidance on 3Q, and so really I hope it's left us to beat the puzzles to come up with a fourth quarter for all you analysts on the line. But if you just look at the trends of how we are performing, as I mentioned that to an earlier question that I think on NII, we are very strong, and you can do the projections based on what's in the tank in 3Q and you'd come out, I think towards the top end of the goalpost on NII, and I think the roadmap to get there as I indicated is maybe a little less loan growth than initially assumed, but better NIM expansions than we had initially assumed. On fees, I think you can project that out, and we are going to be a little light I think of the range. It depends if you want to include Franklin American that would put us back in the range, but except, we probably be a little lighter than ranged. On expenses, we are tracking to kind of -- certainly the range is not the left goalpost to the range. So when you stir that together, you are going to find I think a strong PPNR that's consistent with the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year. And then where we have had -- I think a solid improvement is going to be our credit cost. So we feel good about our ability to deliver against the guidance at the beginning of the year both on a PPNR basis and on a credit cost.
Bruce Van Saun: And I would just add, John, I think it gives us access to a whole new customer set and a customer base that we haven't had access to before. We are 11 days into the launch. We are optimistic about the progress we've made. And we have already taken deposits in all 50 states. So it's a good sign that we are reaching new customers.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, let me take that, but I would say that it is an alternative funding source that can be compared and contrasted with some of our higher cost marginal dollars of funding. So what would those be, certainly on the commercial side, we have pockets like borrowings from financial institutions or pooled government funds that you could look that marginal cost of that versus using this channel. Certainly on the consumer side, the kind of promo CD pricing to cost new money from our existing customers into the bank, you could compare and contrast that versus this offering, which is much more diffuse and going to attract money on a much broader basis. And so that's principally how we would view it. Having said that, what Brad just said, I think it's quite important the kind of test and learn and enhancing our digital capabilities, and then can we offer additional products and services digitally to these customers. We have some very attractive lending products for example, but maybe those customers would be interested in, we will see where it goes.
Bruce Van Saun: I would start here and say, you know, I think the areas where we haven't had the scale, the biggest holes really have been on the consumer side fee activities. The first was mortgage. I think this really addressed what we feel we needed. So I don't think there is really more we need to do in mortgage. The second area has been wealth, and we've been building that organically getting the business model right in terms of how we distribute through our branches and become trusted advisor to a much broader swat of our client base. We are missing some opportunities I would say at the highest end of the pyramid, and the cross-sell over into commercial where we offer great banking services to some middle market companies and very wealthy families. But we really don't have that high-end capability that competes well in the marketplace with some others. And so, that might be an area for example where we look to do an acquisition or other things in the footprint that can potentially get us more breadth and get us a bigger financial consultant for us faster than doing it organically. So those will be the areas on the consumer side. I'd say on the commercial side, we did the M&A boutique. We still have opportunity I think based on the size of our customer base to expand that, and so we might build off that platform and higher organically, or if we can find some other boutiques that maybe cover certain industry verticals, we could seek to bolt-on that way to that platform. I think there are opportunities potentially around the payment space and some of the innovation that's taking place there. Some of those things could be through FinTech, some of those things potentially could open opportunities for acquisitions, but I think we are now feeling good about our capability to source deals due to diligence, execute them well. That was kind of muscle that we didn't have, we didn't need, we haven't done a deal prior to one last year, and I guess it was 13 years, I think 2004 was the Charter 1 deal. But now we've got the capability inside the bank, and we feel good about our opportunity to source these things putting in. I think they're going to be straight down the fairway modest in size, fit a strategic need and have good financials associated with them.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. Well, I think we still have a fair amount of flexibility. So we're targeting to bring that down 40 to 50 basis points this year when you think about the Franklin American deal. And then I think we -- if you look at rolling to next year, the SCB is likely to go into effect, which even if we hadn't resolved, if we don't resolve this issue, I think we still have plenty of flexibility to keep moving down on our glide path. So I don't really see much impact at this point. We just feel better, I think it's a negative to the perception of how we're going to perform and stress to have these results published and see ourselves in a route with Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley in terms of huge stress losses, which doesn't make any sense to anybody. And so I think from a reputational standpoint, it's good to have that adjusted and have us back into the pack after all at ROTCE now is converging with the pack and there shouldn't be the same kind of PPNR impacts that the Fed is modeling. It's quite apparent when you look at it. So I think the first thing is I just like to get it fixed, because it's wrong, and it doesn't help our reputation to have those results published. I think down the road it could create some flexibility that if we need it, it would be a little more room to work with, but we feel comfortable with the glide path that we're on, and that will continue, we'll execute that through the next CCAR cycle and then we'll see where we are a year after that.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, I'd say -- let me just emphasize that I think stress testing is a very valuable exercise, and it's embedded in our bank and every other super-regional. We have it basically built into our risk appetite framework, and it's tied to our strategies. So when we make decisions in terms of where we're allocating our capital, we run it through our stress test to ensure that we're making wise decisions. So just want to make that point first off, Gerard, is that if you fall out of the public exercise you're still going to be doing stress testing because they're quite valuable in terms of how you're running the bank.
Bruce Van Saun: I think if we're not in that public exercise I think you just gain back time and maybe some effort in terms of how you have to package things up and present them, but we'll still have examiners on our local teams who are going to want to see how we're doing those exercises, it might be a little bit of time and effort savings. I think the big thing that you gain probably is just a little more flexibility where the management team regains control over making those capital decisions, and it's not a once-a-year exercise. That would sure be great for example if you forecast that you're going to have 5% loan growth, if the loan growth comes in at 4%, you don't have to go through a whole resubmission, you'd simply be able to say, "Okay, so my capital building up a little bit. I can go back and buy some more stock, and I can neutralize the impact of not having the loan growth that I assumed." And so I think that's the thing that we look forward to is to kind of start to operate the way normal companies do and normal industries not having to go through the full mother may I exercise that we have to today.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay, great. Thanks again everyone for dialing in today. We certainly appreciate your interest and your support. We continue to execute well, and we maintain a positive outlook for the balance of 2018. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Brad Conner: Yes, I mean, I'd say this, I mean, it's hard to see where this goes, right, and so we will remain nimble as it relates to where we want this to head. But you wouldn't imagine that this thing would get out of a single-digit percentages of total deposits going forward, or maybe I guess into the five to at the very highest ten, but I would say a good expectation would be maybe high single-digits, but we are going to -- like I said, we are going to test and learn. This is new for us, and we are excited about how things have launched you out of the gate. But it won't be a huge part of our deposit base over the next couple of years as we look out into the future.
Brad Conner: John, I think you're absolutely right. They're just different, right, they're both very competitive; they're just different. I can't stress enough that it is a completely different customer segment. So you really have to understand the customer that's using the direct bank. It's a different customer. It is highly competitive. You win on customer experience, which we think ours is exceptional, and you win with data and analytics capability and having sophisticated ways of reaching the customers. And we think we're very good at that as well. So we think we can win in both places, but in terms of which is more competitive I think they're equally competitive [technical difficulty].
Brad Conner: Yes, let me answer that a little bit differently, because I'm not sure I can tell you what percentage of rate-driven, what our research did tell us is that the customers who use the direct banks are on -- they're digitally savvy and they shop online. So there is certainly a rate element of that, but they expect an extremely simple experience and they expect low fees, and of course the cost of the direct bank is much lower to operate. We've launched a direct bank that really has no fees with a very simple experience. And so…
Brad Conner: You can open and fund an account in less than five minutes. So again, it's a different customer. They are rate sensitive, but I think what they really are looking for is a simple experience.
