John Woods: Yes, I'll go ahead and start off. Thanks for the question. I mean, I think, broadly, we're seeing the impact of the rate environment on our net interest margin. We're managing it quite well as the Fed is continuing on its hiking cycle. And as you get into the end of the year, taking into consideration all of the balance sheet optimization activities, we see NIM flattening out and kind of holding it around 3% or so, as you get to the end of the year. The tailwinds from balance sheet optimization are meaningful and will continue to build into '24 and so those are the big drivers there, I think that also contributing to that NIM stability would be the fact that we think that balance sheet migration is starting to stabilize. And also you can ignore the fact that the Private Bank itself as you get out into '24, would start to deliver accretive NIM. So we're feeling good about the profile after we get through this last hikes from the Fed here in July, watching that NIM starts to stabilize as you get into the end of the year.
John Woods: Yes. And it's a little bit front-end loaded as the expenses will come in and drive probably more in the neighborhood of $0.06 of that $0.08 to $0.10 happening in third quarter with $0.02 to $0.04 really into the fourth quarter. And it's primarily expenses in the neighborhood of $40 million or so, as you get into the 3Q and 4Q and but the loan book starts to build later this quarter and into 4Q. So that gives you the front-end loaded of that $0.08 to $0.10 into 3Q.
John Woods: Yes. I mean, I think from the NIM standpoint, you're talking about '23, just confirming, Erika, is that - 
John Woods: Yes, no, you referenced '24. But the answer is actually a little bit similar, but what we do see is, after the Fed hikes here in July and that the impact of that burns in in the third quarter that we do see NIM flattening out there between 3Q and 4Q, having a more flat profile as you get into the end of the year around 3%. So maybe a touch higher in 3Q net interest margin, but seeing that profile begin to flatten out and I think the key drivers of that, the pieces in parts as I mentioned, we're starting to see the deceleration in deposit migration, the negative deposit migration. So that's a good early green shoot, that's consistent with the fact that our DDA levels are basically where we were back to pre-pandemic. And so that ends up being at an expected landing zone as you get into the end-of-the year. So we'll see that flattening out. You'll see the tailwinds from this - from the runoff block starting to kick in, the reallocation of that capital and liquidity into relationship lending and the ability to pay-down some higher-cost funding as you get into the end of the year. And so that starts to bolster net interest margin, which we do think carries into '24, and we think that there are a number of positive developments in '24 that would allow us to hold that NIM out into even beyond the fourth quarter.
John Woods: Yes. Maybe I'll just start off in a couple of areas. Just when you think about NII, similar numbers that you're throwing out there are probably a little lighter than where we will see them come out. I think our NII be a little better than that and into fourth quarter, I think we have some opportunities to - if interest earning assets are going to be stabilized, as Bruce indicated and net interest margin stabilized, so we think the NII has also stabilized at that solid levels. So that was I think the first question that you had. I mean I think the - 
John Woods: Yes, there is a very limited adjustments. Things do roll-off and come on, but broadly, our asset sensitivity profile was pretty stable quarter-over-quarter, meaning we are - we were still asset sensitive. So a rate rise, which we're about to get from the Fed does actually contribute to NII and net interest margin for us. So from that perspective, all of that has been built into the commentary that we've been giving you in terms of swap roll-off and our ongoing positive asset sensitivity. Again, when you get - when you think about net interest margin over kind of the next several quarters, we have a number of tailwinds. You've got flattening out non-interest-bearing migration. So that's no longer expected to be a big headwind. You've got the run-off book that we talked about and that runoff book is going to be rotated into relationship lending at higher yields. So the runoff - 
John Woods: And paying down high cost funding, right, so which - where we have a negative kind of spread situation there. We already mentioned the fact that the Private Bank is going to start contributing to the balance sheet later this year and that the net interest margin on that is actually accretive to the overall legacy bank. I think, throughout there is that, just front book back book dynamics, where you basically have originations in the front book. Just in the securities portfolio alone, there's 300 basis points positive front book, back book in terms of - we're actually creating a bigger security stock, but we're doing at the right time where securities yields are actually historically quite favorable. And so we're putting a lot of way from that standpoint. And we're seeing back into the loan book, spreads on our front book originations are higher than they were. And for example in C&I, spreads are up 50 basis points over the last year, year-over-year. So that's also a tailwind and all those things are the things that are going to help us manage the fact that - manage the rate environment and the other items that we have -- 
John Woods: Yes, agree. So balance sheet optimization plus the fact that when if rates were - rates begin to fall, if they do, we don't have that happening in the fourth quarter by the way. We have that happening in '24. We have the Fed on-hold for the rest of the year and we have the Fed just based on the forward curve, right, having the Fed ending around 4% in '24. So it's really until '24, where you see those down rate scenarios. And in the down rate scenario, I mean, that's where deposit betas start working for you rather than against you. And so, then you start getting some of that coming in as well as the fixed loan portfolio that creates a buffer when rates start to fall and so I would just add those two things to all the other tailwinds I already articulated as to why we feel like we could hold the stable NIM.
John Woods: Yes. I mean, I think, and as you know in this portfolio that we set up, that's - it's entirely a retail portfolio in terms of that $14 billion, but there are nevertheless in parallel BSO activity is continuing in the commercial side, and let Don talk about that.
John Woods: Yes, I think there's two items that we look at. One is just the - as we are getting back to the historical place that the platform generated noninterest-bearing pre-pandemic, and so that's been sort of a foundational spot that we think creates some solidify of the operating accounts in both retail and consumer. So that's one really important spot. So around that 23% level is about how we see it. And then the second item is that, in the second quarter, we started to see some deceleration for the first time in several quarters. We started to see the turn and deposits kind of migration decelerating. And then we have a number of, I would say activities on the product and low-cost strategy front that we're seeing some really positive uptick on in retail, in particular, and so - 
John Woods: Yes. I'll just reiterate the fact that, as you mentioned, we took $56 million, that's a 1.5%. So that - we've got 8.5% - we got 8% set-aside, so that implies a 9.5% coverage for the losses through the cycle and we think that's pretty darn adequate, matter of fact, very strong. And so, I think that - as you also mentioned NPLs flattening out and charge-offs kind of getting in the run-rate rather than step-change from here which I think is important to reemphasize. And maybe just turn it over to Don.
John Woods: Yes. I think that as you get past this year, where we have those integration expenses, and there's a hypothesis that, but that will roll off as you get into next year. And we'll have another bite at the apple next year given the fact that we're going to be doing this again. And in the end, the SCB is not our constraint. Our constraint is our own view of what capital we need to be prudent to support our business. And frankly, where the Fed and the regulators are headed with required kind of levels outside of the SCB is going to be our constraint. So we're going to be, as Bruce mentioned earlier, about 200 basis points over the SCB by the end of the year and probably heading towards earlier compliance with whatever the Fed comes out within most. So we're feeling pretty darn good about the capital position, notwithstanding the SCB.
John Woods: No, it will - it might. I mean, I think more importantly, it will - it gives us flexibility to rotate RWA capital into relationship lending and return that capital. To the extent that those front book opportunities are not there, we probably have the opportunity to do both, where we rotate that capital into relationship lending and provide an ability to buy back. It doesn't have a direct impact on the SCB.
Bruce Van Saun: The one thing I would say to that, Scott, it's Bruce, is, this is a very sound approach to scaling up the wealth business. We've been looking for acquisition ideas and it's been very expensive with very long tangible book value earn backs, many times would be over five years, which is beyond our appetite. So to actually do this in a kind of de novo build-up basis, you incur some capital expense in the short run, but it's almost the same as if you kind of equate it to an outlays that ultimately starts to generate revenues. And the nice thing about this is that it's accretive already in the second year and kind of earn-back on this thing is under two years. So we look at it really less as a driver of how does it affect the near-term EPS. But look, there is a capital outlay, which we burn some expense dollars to get it off the ground and then all of a sudden, it's making us money and it really ramps very nicely and can achieve something like a 5% accretion in 2025, which is kind of within 2.5 years, in the second year of doing a deal If you compare that to some of the other transactions that we've done, including the bank acquisitions, it's pretty darn powerful. So very excited about this opportunity.
Bruce Van Saun: And I would comment, Erika, that this was a really important quarter for us to kind of get the deposit level where we wanted to get the Fed - the Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings lower and really take a big step in lowering the LVR. And so we paid up a little bit to achieve that and the impact of that full quarter effects the third quarter guide, but I think at this point, we feel that we don't need to continue to really aggressively grow deposits. We can have a more stable deposit profile. As John indicated, less migration from non-interest bearing to interest-bearing and so there won't be kind of a full quarter impact of an aggressive plan that affects Q4 from Q3, because we'll be kind of looking at a more stable profile in Q3.
Bruce Van Saun: Just to put a point on that too is, any swap impacts are in our forward guide, Erika. So we've already contemplated that. So there's nothing and they didn't really move. We didn't do any adjustments in the second quarter, so.
Bruce Van Saun: So I think what John described, Erika, is a number of tailwinds that should be positive. So if the Fed is cutting next year, that potentially is a negative, but we have these positive things to offset that, which gives us kind of that stable view on the NIM into '24.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, I'll just close and you got an extended period of time here, Erika, and we're very interested in NII and NIM, which I'm sure is on a lot of investors' minds. But, kind of bigger picture is, we're kind of transitioning the loan book to things that are more strategic and offer better returns on capital and better opportunities for cross-selling deepening with customers. And so we're kind of working through a transition period this year and even into next year. It's a little hard to give you full guidance at this point, given a lot of uncertainty still in the market. We're giving you our best instincts at this point on that. But I feel quite confident that as we kind of emerge through '24 and then even look out to '25, that - kind of, with the lift-off of this Private Bank effort and the kind of run-down of these less strategic portfolios that we're going to get a lot of benefit from this and we're really poised to do quite well, I think looking out into kind of back-half of '24 into '25.
Bruce Van Saun: I think - it's Bruce. I think, by the end of the year, we could see it getting to 10.5% which is a bit above our stated range have been 9.5% to 10%. I think given all the uncertainty that's out there in the economy plus direction of travel from regulators, that managing it up like that is sensible. Having said that, we're still generating quite good returns, which gives us the ability to kind of nudge that up from here in terms of the ratio, but also repurchase our stock, which we think is great value at the current pricing. So that's how we're looking at it. And then, as we go through 2024 at this point, our early thoughts would be kind of more of the same that we can at least hold that 10.5% and maybe build on it based on what we see from regulators. But we have the wherewithal to be in the market buying our stock on a consistent basis and holding or building that ratio further.
Bruce Van Saun: Let me start up. Quickly flip it to John. But, clearly, I would say there's mixed views on whether that's - sound proposal at this point and I think the industry itself - liquidity itself very well through the pandemic, through this period of turmoil in the first half of the year and I think many folks have commented that the industry has strong capital and so in response to three idiosyncratic bank failures, is it appropriate that the thing that needs to be fixed is more capital in the banking system.  I don't know. I question whether that's appropriate, and we'll see how it plays out. I think there'll be lots of dialogue around that. I think from our standpoint, by moving our capital position higher, we're anticipating any of what could come down the pike is something that we can absorb. We're in a very strong position relative to our SCB, which, by the way, we still have some questions about how it landed where it did but nonetheless we're well above that. And we're well above if the AOCI filter goes away, we already have sufficient capital to meet our new propose SCB. So we're in a position of strength, Gerard. I think we can still deliver the kind of returns we aspire to over time as we get through this transition period and hit our medium-term financial targets. But I would kind of at least comment that I'm not sure that that's the answer when we had a series of management supervisory failures and poor asset liability management. That really was the problem that caused this term off, not a lack of capital in the banking system. So I'll get off my soapbox and I'll pass it over to John.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. I would say that is something we felt comfortable with in Q3. We were going through the Q2. We were going through the CCAR process at the time, but we saw the opportunity to build kind of have our cake and needed to build the ratio while also repurchasing shares and I think we'll still be in that position. So we still have noncore kind of rundown working for us, which is releasing RWAs. So you should again have a chance to somewhat - have your cake and needed to both in Q3 and Q4.
Bruce Van Saun: Let me start. And John or Don can add. But we feel quite good about A), the overall nature of what we have, and B) then - so there's good diversification, good quality characteristics. We have some really good people that are really focused hard on this and they are monitoring this loan-by-loan. They see the upcoming maturities to get way in front of those. So we're having good dialog with borrowers. And I'd say, we did a good job - relatively good job in the first half of absorbing some of maturities. Probably about 30 loans, I think came up for maturity, which is about the number that we're going to have in the second half and it's about the number that we're going to have in the first half of next year. It's about the number that we're going to have in the fourth quarter and next year. And if you look at the net result of that, while we have an increase in criticized, we have an increase this quarter was a little lumpy in NPAs in this sector and that probably levels off. I'd say, we were able to build our reserve and absorb charge-offs. So we took $56 million in charge-offs. So that's another kind of 1.5% loss content. If you look at the 8%, it's effectively higher while what we just absorbed. And so, could we go for another few quarters with absorbing charge-offs on a pay-as-you-go basis with what we're providing and hold the reserve flat? Yes, possibly, that could happen. And then at some point, does that tip over and then you don't need as much reserves because you burned some of those losses through your charge-off line. So anybody, that's just a little color about how we think about it, John. I don't know if you want to add anything to go direct to Don.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. I - we haven't really had the full debrief. So we are getting that set up so we can go through and kind of understand their models better. I think that's been one of the concerns of the industry that it's not that transparent to us. But kind of when we look at the results, there's a couple of things that could have been a factor. So one is the build of the allowance when we took relatively high charge-offs we had a significant build was built into their models, which we didn't have in our models. And that alone probably cost us 30 basis points of a 60% increase or something like that. So that's one thing that we'll want to talk about and understand better. And then questions about we did a deal and did the onetime expenses get incorporated or we've done a lot of hedging in the falling rate scenario are our hedges getting full benefit. So we just have some questions that we want to poke at. But in any case, I think the bigger point here is that we can roll with this 8.5% and we have plenty of capital, and we have an appreciable buffer versus that capital. So it really doesn't affect kind of our capital management strategies. But we would like to see it get kind of back into line. We think it's a bit elevated relative to where it should be, and we'll be having those conversations with the Fed in the coming weeks.
Bruce Van Saun: So I'd say the one thing that they won't have in their arsenal is deeply discounted mortgages. But I think they come in with their eyes wide open on that. And quite honestly, the deeply discounted mortgages are probably now back on your balance sheet because people aren't refinancing those at a good clip. So they'll probably sit there for a long time. But anyway, we will kind of do business in a commercial way. And again, the bigger the relationship, the better the pricing generally. And so I think the team coming over is very comfortable with that.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. And I'd say there, we probably had the brakes on a little bit to make sure that we get it to the level because you kind of get one shot with some of these customers. And so we've got a full effort on making sure that we get to the standards that we need. I would say one other silver lining from that also is that, that will help us up our game in customer experience more broadly, the kind of initiatives that we're taking to make sure that we make this a great experience. There'll be some things that spin off from that, that we can move to other parts of the bank, without a question.
Bruce Van Saun: All right. Thanks, Alan, and thanks again, everyone, for dialing in today. We certainly appreciate your interest and support. Have a great day.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. John, I was just wondering if you can help us with lots of moving pieces that's sort of unfurling in front of us. So, just I guess, the first question is, you noted stability in the 3% - at the 3% level. Does that mean that fourth quarter 2024 will be at about the third quarter level? I'm just wondering sort of how those dynamics play out in terms of what you expect to the - how the balance sheet trend for the rest of the year or those sort of the run-off continue to pressure it at that level and what does that fourth quarter NII about look like from a range perspective.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And so, thank you for that, Bruce. So, as I think about the fourth quarter, is it fair then to say that your guidance implies NII of $1.52 billion for the third quarter, so do we assume that we're at or around that range for the fourth quarter and as we think about the puts and takes of 2024 and John, I have to bring this up because few investors were noting - I think now at Slide 31, where you have some swaps rolling-off that have very heavy weighted-average fixed rate that you're receiving. So as I think about $1.52 billion perhaps is a starting point plus or minus, I assume that the - your guide were down 100 basis points. NII for the full year down 1.2%, it's still valid if we assume rate cuts next year and includes those swap roll-off. So that's sort of the first question. And the second is, how does balance sheet optimization impact that sensitivity? So I'm assuming that's extraordinarily static. So - and I'm assuming that's from - both sides are paying off more debt next year as you were waiting for these loans to come on and then - as you wait for these loans, you're also putting it in higher-yielding in cash. So, if you could just help us think through the moving pieces as it relates to that original disclosure because I think investors are thinking about the potential for rate cuts next year.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just to wrap it up, just because I got a few emails to clarify and I'll step aside. It sounds like you're sensitivity hasn't changed or whatever that fourth quarter number is, which is stable to the third quarter, that down 1.2% on down 100 is still valid, but then the balance sheet optimization will get you closer to stable despite Fed cuts.
Erika Najarian: Yes, Bruce that Private Bank lift-out is a bold move. I think everybody just wanted to figure out what that run rate look like and I think this conversation we just had, clarified that run rate. So, thank you.
Brendan Coughlin: Yes, so, we are really excited obviously about this initiative and it's a very strategic acceleration of our Wealth Management business. But to your point, it does come with scaling up the bank as well while we are aiming to recreate a lot of the customer experience magic that existed in these private banking models. We're going to make some structural changes to make sure that the profile of the business that we get is accretive at the top of the house. So what you can expect from us is disciplined credit pricing that while will be competitive, we're not going to kind of lead with undercutting the market and pricing to make sure we have the right margin. We will have an incredibly disciplined credit appetite. We don't expect to take a step forward or step in the wrong direction in terms of credit risk profile. In fact, we think this will enhance the credit risk profile with very low-risk loan generation. We are going to ensure that we're driving lendable deposits on the balance sheet that we put out relative to the Private Bank that we're getting core operating deposits, whether that's from individuals or from businesses. It's really important that we maintain a sound liquidity position in this growth. And lastly, from a compensation perspective, we're going to rationalize the compensation model the best we can within the confines of a private bank to ensure that those - the combination of those factors give us a return profile that can be accretive at the top of the house on overall ROE, but also on things like NIM. So the balance sheet on the deposit side, certainly we have the mix of cash management operating deposits as well as interest-bearing. But we are going to heather all relationships to being primary banking, whether it's corporate or whether it's personal. So you could expect low cost DDA to be mixed in with interest-bearing for a healthy profile primary banking relationships. On the asset side, I'd say we're expecting about a 50/50 mix, what I would call sort of consumer personal retail lending and small-business and corporate lending. And on the personal lending side, really the large asset classes are going to be mortgage, home equity, and eventually partner loan program, where we are putting capital to individuals to engage as a partner and a higher-end consulting firm or private-equity firm, very traditional low-risk assets. But this lodges the operating deposits and ultimately lead you to AUM. And on the business side, as mentioned earlier, the profile of the team we got over, does have a bent towards the innovation economy. So we're expecting capital call line lending to dislodge operating deposit relationships with private equity and venture. And small segment where it's appropriate relationship-wise on potentially multifamily in a very-high credit environment where we can also secure the personal wealth relationship. All of our balance sheet usage will be oriented around full end-to-end customer relationships that include deposits and ultimately AUM growth. So it's a very integrated end-to-end business model and we feel like we've got the right recreation of the service strategy, married with the right corrections to the business model to ensure we get better profitability and also a stable business model that can withstand the test of time. If that - we think we can get a really good growth around this, but we will control the growth with a guardrail of adequate profile of the business that will be healthy and profitable over the long haul.
Brendan Coughlin: Yes, couple of quick points, just a quick recall, as we've talked over the last bunch of quarters. The consumer portfolio has been under a five-six year transformation for quite some time and it's in a very, very different starting points through the beginning of the cycle than ever before for this franchise with significant improvements in things like customer primary - primacy growth and households, or mass-affluent mix has improved and low-cost deposit profile has moved up. So coming into the cycle, we were very confident that we'd be more pure like or maybe outperform and data that we're seeing with benchmarking suggested in the consumer bank, we are indeed better-than-average versus peers right now on all the mentions interest-bearing cost, beta, as well as low-cost control. So we feel pretty good how we're performing against peers, it is starting to stabilize. So the excess surge deposits have burned down maybe by about 60%, so there's still a little bit out there. But a lot of those are starting to be sticky and turn into wealth creation. If you dissect the various different segments, the wealthier segment is still having some modest outflows of rotation into interest-bearing as well as rotation outside of the banking industry. So year-over-year the wealthier segment is down about 10%. We're seeing the mass-affluent segment in deposits on a per customer basis about flat and the mass-market portfolio has actually increased in net deposits and that's a function of a lot of our strategies that we put in place to really drive primacy and activity and engagement. And so we've seen a bit of a bottoming at the lower end in terms of DDA balances. What we have done to drive that is a lot of product innovation. So we did things like get your paycheck two days early. It doesn't seem like a big deal, it's actually an incredibly big deal. That's driving a lot of primary banking behavior. We've got technology we put in place that when you open a new DDA, you're automatically porting over your direct deposit that seems very operationally oriented. But it actually is a dramatic improvement that things like primary banking behavior which drives low-cost deposits. We've made overdraft perform through our Peace of Mind 24-Hour Grace program and a variety of other things, which has also driven a lot of primacy and we're starting to really rev up the engines on household growth. Overall, all of those things contribute to some controllable. So we're - I think we're outperforming peers on the market, given our starting point in the cycle and we're continuing to invest to try to further outperform through all of these different initiatives and strategies. It is the long game. These are driving primacy in low-cost deposits. It takes a while to build up scale, but I feel like we've got a lot of the right things in place in addition to outperforming on our back-book to win the game uncontrollable where we're at right now.
Brendan Coughlin: Yes. Yes, thanks for the question. We already, prior to the lift-out of the private bankers, had a relationship-based pricing in play in all of our asset classes, including mortgage. So when you bring heavy levels of deposits in AUM, we price down modestly for that. So we don't have any intention of changing what we already do. And so our new private bankers will have access to the same relationship pricing grids that we've had in play for a while. So as you think about pricing and yields of things like mortgages or even some of the small business commercial lending, we're not expecting a dramatic different profile in terms of profitability or yields from legacy Citizens in how we operate the business to make sure that we're considering the full relationship and that we're really competitive in pricing. But we're not undercutting the market by a material amount that will deteriorate either lending return - 
Brendan Coughlin: And another question around expenses, implied in the comments that John and Bruce both made around breakevens inside of 2024 is the team's production covering kind of TOP guarantees to come over. So we've been really thoughtful about how we do that. But obviously, we've got the way these folks get paid is on a book of business model. And they're going to go out and develop a lot of business, and we're going to give them the runway to do that. We had a lot of debate with them on the appropriate timing to make that happen and make sure the operations excellence is available here at Citizens. The cost of that is considered in all of our guidance and commentary we made about the profitability of the business. And we're already well underway on tinkering with the way the bank works to make sure we're creating the conditions for them.
Don McCree: Yes, that's right. I mean, we've been broadening out our deposit base quite nicely and as Bruce said, it's a combination of just the growth in the cash management business overall and bringing on more clients on the cash management side. As I said, in New York Metro, the things that we're adding are really full wallet for cash management relationships and those bring really nice deposits. And then on the product side, we've done a lot around green deposits and carbon offsets deposits in our ESG strategy that was approved to be quite profitable. We've built out escrow products and bankruptcy products. So there's a variety of product development things which are attracting nice operating deposits with some nice breadth for them.
Don McCree: I think you guys have said it was 26 loans, so you're pretty close to the 30. That's pretty good that you know that. But I think the thing I'd emphasize is we've literally gone through every single loan one by one. Everyone is different. It's property-specific, it's MSA-specific, it's rental-specific, its sponsor-specific. And we're just seeing - we're starting to see outcomes. And outcomes are a property gets extended and renegotiated with the sponsor. You might have a little bit of equity injected to improve interest carry, and you might charge it off. So - and I think that we have a pretty good eye to the path of the book as we look forward. And things could always change, but I think we feel pretty comfortable that we've been very conservative based on what we see. And I will emphasize, I mean, we're not originating anything really of any scale and origination. So our whole origination team, in addition to our credit team, in addition to our work path team, is focused on working with our sponsors to basically - 
Don McCree: In the office sector, yes. And the rest - by the way, the rest of the real estate, both multifamily and industrial data centers, I think, it looks like it's holding up extremely well. We're really not seeing any weakness that concerns us at all in the rest of those slip up.
Don McCree: We'll see. High level, our pipelines are about 30% higher than they were at this time last quarter. So we're seeing the pipelines build. Sponsors are certainly engaging in conversations whether they can get to actual transactions or not, although there have been. Some there was a Worldpay transaction that was announced a few weeks ago. So we're beginning to see some transactions. Remember, one of the things that we benefit from, and I've said this a couple of quarters, is we tend to play in smaller deals, right? So we're $100 million to $750 million to $1 billion in terms of deal size, whether it be advisory or financing. We were number one in the middle-market leveraged finance league tables in the last quarter. Volumes were down, but we were the number one institution playing. So we're gaining share for what's available. So do I think we're going to be back to 2021 levels? No. But I think if you get stability in rates, it's the beginning of deal formation will happen, and it will just depend on valuation dynamics between sponsors and sellers. And there's just a lot of companies in our portfolio that just need to sell. They want to sell for generational leases. So there are things that are available, deals make it over-equitized just to keep the interest burden down if value doesn't come down. But we're starting to see a lot of conversations going. So I don't think we're going to be off to the races, but I think it's going to continually build. And I think '24 could be a pretty good year.
