Bruce Van Saun: Okay. Thanks, Kristin. And good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call today. We're pleased with the financial performance we delivered for the fourth quarter and the full-year and we feel well positioned to navigate through an uncertain environment in 2023. We are playing strong defense with a robust balance sheet position and highly prudent credit risk appetite. At the same time, we continue to play disciplined offense with continuing investments in our growth initiatives. We are focused on building out a prudent, sustainable growth trajectory over the medium-term. I'll comment briefly on the financial headlines and let John take you through the details. For the quarter, our underlying EPS was $1.32, our return on tangible common equity was 19.4% and the efficiency ratio was 54%. Sequential operating leverage was 1% and sequential PPNR growth was 2.6%. Leading our performance was 2% sequential NII growth, reflecting NIM expansion of 5 basis points to 3.3% and relatively stable loans given the impact of a $900 million reduction in our auto portfolio. Growth was 1% ex this impact. Deposits were solid with 1% sequential growth, and our LDR remained stable at 87%. Our fee businesses showed resilience and diversity given a challenging environment, down about 1% sequentially. A number of M&A fees pushed into Q1 and mortgage results were softer than expected. We maintained stable expenses in the quarter, and credit metrics remain good. We boosted our allowance for credit losses to 1.43% of loans, which compares with pro forma day 1 CECL levels of 1.30%. We restarted our share repurchase activity in Q4, buying $150 million of stock and we ended the year with a CET1 ratio of 10% at the top of our targeted range. For full-year 2022, we delivered underlying EPS of $4.84 and ROTCE of 16.4% as we captured the benefit of rising rates and our strengthened deposit base. The results handily exceeded our beginning of year guide, which we included in the appendix of the presentation. With respect to our guidance for 2023, we assume a slowdown in economic growth to 1% for the year, two early Fed rate hikes and a Q4 cut and inflation getting below 3% by Q4. We project moderate loan growth, partially offset by continued run off in our auto book of close to $3 billion. Overall, we see solid NII growth as NIM gradually rises to 3.4% over the year, a roughly 8% growth in fees to kind of rebound in capital markets fees over the course of the year, solid expense discipline with core expense growth ex acquisition and FDIC impacts of 3.5% to 4%.  We announced today our TOP 8 program, which targets $100 million in run rate benefits and about 80% of that is expense impact. Credit should be manageable with net charge-offs in the 30 to 35 basis point range and we expect to build our ACL to 1.45% to 1.5% of loans. We expect to repurchase a meaningful amount of stock given strong profitability, modest loan growth and limited expectation for acquisitions with our CET1 ratio forecast near the high end of our 9.5% to 10% range. Capital return to shareholders should approach 100% and yield to investors of our dividends plus capital return via repurchase put TOP 12%. So, all in all, a very strong year of execution and delivery for all stakeholders by Citizens in 2022, and we feel we are well positioned in 2023 to continue our journey towards becoming a top-performing bank. We continue to make good progress in executing on our strategic initiatives across consumer, commercial and the enterprise. We've transformed our deposit base and are reaping the benefits. We've adjusted our interest hedging to protect against lower rates through 2025. Given the improvement in our ROTCE over time, we are raising our medium-term target to 16% to 18% from 14% to 16%. We've stayed focused on positive operating leverage. We've captured the benefit of moving to a more normal rate environment, and we still have plenty of upside in our fee businesses as market conditions improve. Exciting times for Citizens. I'd like to end my remarks by thanking our colleagues for rising to the occasion and delivering a great effort in 2022. We know we can count on you again in the new year. And with that, I'll turn it over to John.
Bruce Van Saun: And I would just add to that, Scott, in our view in the macro is that the Fed likely moves maybe most or twice the forward curve as they'll move up 25 basis points a couple of times and then stop. And then typically, they would pause for six or seven months before they would cut. And so if there's a cut happening, it likely happens very late in the year and maybe it could be early next year. So guided by that view, that's kind of why we're pushing out that downside protection a bit.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. And I would just add to that, Ken, that clearly, with the uncertainty in the environment, we are being cautious in terms of the lending of kind of risk appetite. And so, I think that, in and of itself, creates some additional capital versus what we've had in prior years. I also think we still have our plate full integration of existing acquisitions and we haven't seen a whole lot that's attractive at valuations that we're interested in on the acquisition front. And so I think the combination of operating at very high profitability levels with ROTCE returns in the high teens plus more modest loan growth than historical, more modest acquisition activity than historical creates the opportunity. And I think it's appropriate given the uncertainty and chance for recession that returning capital to shareholders is the right course of action here. So you could expect we would like to raise the dividend during the course of the year, and we'd also like to get close to that 100% return of capital to shareholders.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. I would say part of it is just the philosophy of liking to have a strong balance sheet. And so, I think 9.5% to 10% is a strong ratio. You've seen over time that we've originally had a target of 10% to 10.5%, and we've been kind of sliding that down as we -- our profitability goes up. And I think the stakeholders gain more confidence that we have a good strategy, and we're executing well. So it wouldn't surprise me at some point where we start to manage down in that range. I think the time of 2023 today, we're looking at a potential recession to be at the top end of that range makes sense. But once we get to the other side of that to start to move that down and maybe manage that closer to the bottom end of that range will provide more leverage. And then at that point, I think we could step back and say, do we still need 9.5% to 10% or can we skinny that down a little bit? So I think that's all in front of us, we thought at this point, given the dynamics around 2023, it wouldn't make sense to actually move that target range down.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, I'll start and flip to John. It's Bruce. But I think the two numbers are tethered together. So if the 3.50% is now seen to be 3.40%, then your floor is going to also commensurately move lower. The good news is, in a way, is that we've tightened the bottom side of that range. So previously, it was 3.50% down to 3.20%, 3.25%. So, it was 25 basis points and now it's 3.40% to 3.20%. So, it's 20 basis points. So anyway, I think we -- certainly, John's initial answer on the movement down has been focused more on migration, the DDA and low-cost migration, but then also some of the impact from the yield curve on front book back book has been the other dynamic. So those are the things that we're watching. But John, you can out from there.
Bruce Van Saun: It's a very dynamic process. So we look and see where the forward day rates are going to be. We have our own view of that. We see what the valuations we can get in the hedge market are. And you can be assured, I think we played our hand quite well so far, and we'll continue to stay really focused on.
Bruce Van Saun: Deposit tend to replace reprice with a lag. So even after the Fed pauses, you still see a little bit of upward pressure on those betas.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. Great. So, thanks again, everyone, for dialing in today. We certainly appreciate your interest and support. Have a great day.
John Woods: Yes, I'll go ahead and start off. I mean on the big picture, we -- asset sensitivity last quarter was around 3%. We're a little bit below that this quarter just given the way the outlook for the balance sheet appears to be playing out in 2023. So as we're -- as you've seen over time, we've taken our asset sensitivity down. We are -- most of that asset sensitivity is really driven by the short end of the curve, which we expect to remain elevated throughout 2023. And as a result, we're looking at some of the down rate protection that we had in place in 2023 and just repositioning that out of spot-starting active swaps into forward-starting swaps into 2024 and beyond. So we're looking to looking to basically push that out and basically get that down rate protection smoothed out into the '24 and '25 periods rather than holding on to all of that down rate protection here in '23. That's the main objective in what we were doing in the fourth quarter, and we've done a little bit more of that in early 1Q. And then more broadly, we're looking at net interest margin, that corridor, if you will, we're trying to protect that corridor with -- at the low end, if rates were to fall by 200 basis points out in 2024, that you'll see a floor of around 320. So you see that 320 to 340 corridor being something that over time is more narrow than you would have seen from us maybe in past cycles. So that's the main objective.
John Woods: Yes. Maybe I'll just talk about the coverage levels. Just broadly, as you may have seen in our materials that the CRE coverage from an allowance standpoint is around 186 basis points. But when you carve out some of the really high-quality stuff in multifamily and credit tenant lease and life sciences, you get to our general office segment, where we have very healthy coverage of around 5%. So there are some -- we are seeing some trends there that are telling us that we should be putting away some reserves to deal with the back-to-office trends that are a headwind in that space. So, you got good healthy coverage of around 5%. We are seeing some of that tick into the nonaccrual space. I would say more broadly, that will -- even though that goes into nonaccrual, our overall pre-LTVs are typically around 60%. And so, you got to distinguish from non-accruals for actual loss content. And so even though we're putting some allowance away, we feel like that's commensurate with the loss content that we see in the book. And I'll just stop there and…
John Woods: Yes. I'll go ahead and cover that. I mean I think more broadly, it's two overall comments, really the -- just given the pace and speed of rate changes and the impact on the migration of the deposit mix that we expect as you get into 2023 is really most and the majority of what we're looking at. So -- and that migration manifests itself in two ways. It's really the amount of DDA migration that we see as well as the cost of our relatively low-cost deposits that we're seeing not only within our platform but across the industry. So from that perspective, just kind of marking that to market with respect to what we're seeing in the trends in the fourth quarter and the rate and curve outlook that we see going throughout the rest of '23, I would hasten to add the -- what's embedded in there nevertheless, is a transformed deposit platform that back -- prior to the pandemic, we would have had DDA percentages that would be in the low 20s compared with a majority of the portfolio being outside of DDA, of course. But you fast forward to where we are in the fourth quarter, and we're at 28% of our deposit franchise is sitting in DDA. That's a significant increase versus pre-pandemic. And we expect to end the year in the sort of the mid- to high 20s in the DDA space, down a little bit from where we are today, but nevertheless, still very high quality. When you add in consumer CRE and consumer savings, which is other low cost, you end up with still about 15% or more of our deposit portfolio sitting in low-cost categories. That's up from the low 40s prior to the pandemic. So, this has been a multi-multiyear transformation of the deposit franchise. So I think we're basically just calibrating what we expect in 2023, which is with the majority of what we saw in terms of the decline from 3.50 to 3.40. I think you could also add in what's going on with the curve and front-book, back-book as well. When you look at it just how quickly rates are rising, the front book originations take a longer time to contribute. And from that perspective, we're seeing that being a driver as well. And then not only the speed of -- I guess, the last point I'll make is not only the speed of rates rising, but the inversion of the yield curve is something that is also pretty -- is a headwind to front-book, back-book. Just to end it with nevertheless, front-book, back-book is a positive tailwind over time. We're seeing 300 basis point of positive front-book, back-book across securities and our fixed rate lending businesses, that's still a tailwind. And that's going to be a driver into 2023 with net interest margins rising just not by quite as much as we thought last quarter.
John Woods: Yes. I'll add that. I mean just for the last couple of quarters, we've had a mild-to-moderate recession built into the. And so our peak-to-trough GDP decline that we have built into our models are 1.5%. That would be a moderate recession at this point. I think the changes you may have seen in the second half of '22 were not quite as much on the expectation that there would be a recession as much as what the collateral value outlook really impact was. So when you think about house prices and used car prices, et cetera, we've been increasing the amount of decline expected. So you've got sort of the low to mid-teens declines now built into our models for both house prices and auto prices over the foreseeable and kind of period. And so that's really -- and that's not really driving a lot of losses, just we've been having a lot of recoveries in the portfolio over the last year or so. And so you may then -- you might see some lower recoveries and that will have the -- you saw our loss that's built into our loss forecast for '23. But I think that's an important item that you saw in 4Q in terms of our outlook for 2023 and 2024.
John Woods: Yes. I'd say what we do here is every year, we're on a cadence where post-CCAR, we basically take that as the opportunity to broadly update our capital return profile. Over the medium term, we're looking at 35% to 40% dividend payout. And you saw that in some of our medium-term outlook. We've updated that this is going to be more of a buyback return year in '23 because of the outlook for RWAs. But we take a look at a dividend policy and earnings outlook and update whether there should be a change in the dividend after CCAR. 
John Woods: Sure. Yes. That sounds good. Yes. I mean, I think overall, as I mentioned before, we're seeing deposit migration from a DDA perspective as well as from some of our lower cost levels. But broadly, the mix is superior and improved compared to pre-pandemic. I think we're around 28% DDA in 4Q, that's probably going to tick down a bit, call it to maybe 27% or so by the end of the year. That's part of the story. I'd say the -- some of the higher cost deposits in money markets and savings will be part of the runoff as well such that you get to something along the lines of 2% to 3% declined spot-to-spot end of '22 into '23. And so I'd say that you end up with some, again, improved mix compared to pre-pandemics, but a little bit of mix softening as you get throughout '23. And I'll just...
John Woods: Yes. The office -- the 60% was the office LTVs in terms of not the overall CRE book. So, we think those are still pretty good. We're refreshing the property by property. We haven't gone through and done a total refresh on the entirety of the book yet, but we're kind of working on the maturing quarter-by-quarter maturities and working with the sponsors to either refinance out, inject equity or adjust the value of the portfolio. And that's what drove the NPL this quarter. It was really one real estate deal.
John Woods: Yes. I'll go ahead and start there and others can chime in. But I mean, I think when you look out into 2023, we still see very, very strong opportunities in the commercial space and within C&I. And I think something to always keep in mind is our utilization is well below where historical levels would imply we should be. And so as you get into the later part of the year, you see some recovery in investments, in inventories and CapEx and possibly M&A, which actually provides financing opportunities. We see lots of opportunities across commercial. And that's really one of the main drivers. When you get into consumer, we're looking at home equity being a place that a place that we like and card and Citizens Pay would contribute as well. So that wraps up to a stable year-over-year loans and back to the point around that being taking that otherwise RWA that would have been deployed against auto and some other categories with lower risk-adjusted returns and giving that back to shareholders.
John Woods: Yes. I'd say the only thing I'd add, just to remember, we constructed -- we modeled that 3.20% and there's a lot of assumptions that go into that with respect to what the mix of the balance sheet would be, et cetera. And what we're assuming is a 200 basis point gradual decline in 2024 that would get you down to that 3.20%. And given that we are still asset sensitive and we haven't closed out that position, that's really what you're seeing in terms of the decline in net interest margin. So as and when we continue to look at ways to lock in protection against down rates, you could see that 3.20% move around based on hedging activities as well as updated views on what the mix of the balance sheet is likely to be in the context of what's the Fed...
John Woods: Yes, I'll go and cover that. I'd say the one dynamic to keep in mind is that we tend to form these programs and generate a year-end run rate benefit that will contribute for each of them. Mostly on the one hand, the $100 million will build throughout '23 so that it gets to a run rate when you get to the fourth quarter of '23. But keep in mind, we did the same thing with TOP 7. So, there's a full-year effect of TOP 7 that comes in. And so when the programs are reasonably similarly sized, you can almost use that as an estimate of what the contribution is in any given year. And so you have maybe a combined $100 million plus contribution from the full-year effect of TOP 7 hitting '23 and the in-year effective TOP 8 hitting '23. And so the big drivers of that really you've got the traditional areas that we focus on, which is third-party costs and vendor cost management, which is an area that's been contributing over the years as well as continue to optimize the branch network. And just being really careful about ensuring that our organizational approach is fit for purpose with respect to what we're trying to accomplish in '23. So those are more traditional areas. The other places we're looking at that have been more recent include maturing our Agile delivery model away from a waterfall approach to agile and next-gen technology initiatives continue to contribute as well. We're working towards a data center exit in 2025. We're looking to migrate to the cloud from our internal applications, and that's contributing in '23 as well. But there's a lot of very strategic sort of initiatives that are built within the TOP 8 program and we're excited about it. It's part of who we are, and we're looking forward to deliver against that next year.
John Woods: Yes. I mean I think we'll not get there in Q1. That is an over-the-year expectation in terms of the cumulative growth. I mean I think you'll see the growth in cumulative betas begin to moderate and flatten out. You have the big jumps early in the cycle. So, we began and go way back to the second quarter of '22, our cumulative beta was 6%. And then you get to the fourth quarter, the cumulative beta is 29. So you've got 23 points just in '22 and you'll have -- and then we're looking for in '23 is another 9 points. So, this -- and it will increase over time. You won't get to 38 in the first quarter and will gradually...
John Woods: Yes, I think there's a big part of it. I mean, back to the big drivers, you had capital markets, and you heard about card fees from Brendan and wealth from Brendan as well. So those are the three big ones. You see mortgage really potentially rebounding as well.
John Woods: But a big part of it would come from capital markets from the underwriting perspective and M&A advisory, just as we may have mentioned in the fourth quarter, we saw some deals pushed from 4Q into 1Q. So that's going to support the capital markets business, which, by the way, over the years, has really become a very diversified capital markets business itself. I mean just broadening out M&A advisory, underwriting and loan syndications. Those businesses really tend to really diversify our overall fee outlook. But yes, a good part of it and a good chunk of the growth in '23 comes from capital markets.
Don McCree: Yes. I think you've pretty much covered it on cap markets. I said this last quarter, I'll just remind people, again, we are a middle market investment bank. So we're not dependent on these giant transactions that need $5 billion of financing. We do singles and doubles all day long, and our pipelines are reasonably strong with a very heavy content of private equity who is a watch with cash. So, there will be transactions. If you don't get regular way transactions, you're going to get a lot of restructuring transactions. So, there's minority capital. There's a lot of different ways to skin the cat. So, we're relatively optimistic about what's ahead of us in the coming year. 
Don McCree: I'll just say for the office portfolio, but CRE in general, it's first and foremost, who's the sponsor and who's the investor, and we have a very high-quality group of investors that we do business with, which are largely institutional. Second is what MSAs are you in and where are you? And we think suburban will do better than urban. As we said in the comments, we're heavily weighted to suburban. So, we're going through every single property in the office portfolio. We'll restructure a lot of them with the sponsors. We restructured one already this year where the sponsor-contributed equity. So, we're comfortable around where we are with the coverage ratios right now, but we'll be active in restructuring the portfolio. But we kind of like the contours of what we've got.
Don McCree: Yes. I think our spot is down a little less than 2% year-to-year. We actually ended this year a little higher than we thought we were going to because we had some nice inflow at the end of the year. But back to -- I think John said it in comments, we've really transformed our deposit base really off the back of our treasury services business, so both specialty deposit offerings, we've got two that we're now in the market with around ESG, green deposits and carbon offsets and then just the strengthening of our DDA deposits with our treasury services business gives us more stability than we would have had in prior years. So, we feel pretty good about that projection. And we're -- in general, we're really managing the balance sheet from a BSO standpoint and really we're avoiding most new transactions given just the shyness around the credit environment and the uncertainty, and we're moving clients who aren't generating positive returns off the franchise and off the balance sheet. So it gives us a little bit of a dynamic that we don't really need to go chase deposits because we're keeping the loan side relatively modestly in terms of how it grows.
