Bruce Van Saun: Thanks Eric. In short, another solid quarter in executing against our turnaround plans. The key takeaways are shown on Slide 19. So with that Brad, let's open it up for questions.
Bruce Van Saun: Why don't I start and flip it over to Brad?One of the challenges we've had is that we put in a new system. I think we said on the last call around the time that the [indiscernible] came in and we had to originate TRID compliant loans, so that took some work ultimately to bed down that system and get back to good operational metrics. That has slowed down our net hiring both in Q4 and Q1. So we're treading water a bit, but we expect that now I think we've got that under control, and the operating metrics continue to improve.So we should now be able to move towards positive net recruiting throughout the rest of the year. Part of that effort is to really focus on markets and producers that can deliver a greater mix of conforming originations compared to what we've currently which is roughly been about 60% non-conforming and 40% conforming. So I think part of it is selection, part of it is market geographic focus, and then also having that operational excellence because those conforming oriented producers need to make sure that they can get their mortgages through the pipeline relatively quickly. So I'll turn it over to Brad.
Bruce Van Saun: I think it's a little hard for us to comment at this point with the submission just filed. But I do think we continue to invest in our capital planning and management capabilities. I think we really keep upping our game. We know what we need to do to get strong in this area. So we feel good about the effort that we put forth and the progress that we are making. And on the quantitative side, as we said, we've got relatively strong capital ratios relative to peers. And so I think you would expect us to be kind of in sync with where we've been historically.
Bruce Van Saun: At this point there's -- you can do the modeling. I think that is what the modeling of the guidance suggests, that we gave back in January. And as we've said in the opening, we're broadly affirming that guidance and that includes the range that I think you just quoted.
Bruce Van Saun: When we gave you that guidance in January, the forward curve at the time presumed a -- I think it was June --
Bruce Van Saun: -- increase and then a December increase. Which still looks reasonable to us. And I'm not sure the market thinks that but I think the economic data and the kind of anecdotes we have from what's going on with our customers, would indicate that that would be a good course of action for the Fed to take. But when we gave you that guidance, we said there would be about a $35 million benefit this year from the June increase and $5 million ish benefit from the one in December, which only has a small impact on 2016 but obviously would benefit 2017. I think the -- there's still a good benefit from that, but I think as Eric's pointed out, you've had the curve flattened at the back end, which is something to contend with.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, I would say if you look at peers, probably the peer average or median is around 10%-ish. And so most peers profess that they feel a little fat at 10% and they'd like to get to something between 9% and 10%. And I think from our standpoint, we're at 11.6%, and we must keep executing our plan, getting our earnings up, bringing that capital ratio down gradually. I don't see any reason that we should be -- have that kind of new guide premium forever. There's nothing in our business model, or nothing in our stress test results that says that we need a premium relative to where the peer group goes. So I think it's really just as simple as you watch where the pack is going and we're trying to close in on the pack and ultimately we'll get there over time.
Bruce Van Saun: I think it's very good point, Eric. There's a lot more awareness among consumers about the ability to refinance student debt. I think you're absolutely right on that point.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, if you look at, historically, the second quarter has been a relatively strong quarter for capital markets fees, and I would say that at this point our pipeline is tracking with those historic builds for Q2.
Bruce Van Saun: I think it's our decision. But I do think you have to bring all of your stakeholders along when you start to move in that direction. I think shareholders want to see us running the bank better and we have said that there is a lot we can do in that regard. So they want to see us deliver against that before we start getting distracted with doing more. I think regulators as well, have seen us make progress on things like CCAR and moving to heightened standards and some of the other things where the bar is going up and you have to stay focused on that agenda as well. So I think you just need to demonstrate that you're running things well and I think all the stakeholders will say, yes, you have earned the right to go out and do some more. But I don't think we're quite at that point, at this point.
Bruce Van Saun: I will start and Brad and even Eric can chime in. But I think that we made conscious decisions to move into the prime lending space from super prime. So the increase in charge-offs tracks higher yields as well. So the returns in the business have gone up over this period. And I would say from Q4 to Q1, we have actually seen an improvement in terms of delinquencies and other measures around credit. So I think we've stayed very disciplined. So we've expanded our risk appetite a bit. We're disciplined in terms of terms and conditions and in terms of the different markets not playing in sub-prime. But we needed to do that because the reality was that in super prime, you couldn't make a good return on capital. So that's really what's behind that but I'll let Brad provide some color.
Bruce Van Saun: And you could expect that as a percentage of our total loan assets, this will decline over time as we seek other opportunities to deploy our capital into better risk adjusted return areas.
Bruce Van Saun: The other thing that I would just chime in -- it's Bruce again is in my earlier remarks I said there will probably be some puts and takes on the year. And we might end up a tad late on fees. We have to make up for it with better net interest income or better performance on expenses. So we broadly reaffirmed our overall guidance, but there will probably be some puts and takes. So don't forget that comment. And then In the second quarter, that guidance to mid-single digits, as Eric pointed out, that's assuming a zero securities gain and we typically have some securities gains. If you put the same kind of security gains we had in Q1, that would push that up into a high single digit number. So just wanted to make that point clear as well.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay, great. Well, thank you everybody for dialing in today. Really appreciate your interest and have a great day.
Brad Conner: Bruce you said it extremely well. The only couple of things I would add to that is as you mentioned, we implemented our new loan originations system in conjunction with TRID. One of the additional challenges that that created for us in terms of conforming production as in order to get that system in, some of the product development work that we needed to do to get the right conforming and FAJ product in place, we had to put on hold. So we are working really hard to get some new products in that will be more attractive to conforming loan offers. And so I -- and Bruce you made the point exactly right, which is we did have some operational stress and operational challenges and I think that's a little more painful in terms of attracting conforming loan officers than the non-conforming loan officers. So we're working very, very hard and we really feel like we're turning the corner in terms of the operations. We did add capacity in terms of operations headcount. We had a good turn of the pipeline particularly in March, a good strong closing month in March. So we feel like we're turning the corner and maybe able to start hiring and getting the traction of the more conforming loan officers.
Brad Conner: Yes. If you look at our yields relative to the peers, now we've closed the gap almost all the way from. Where we used to have a fairly significant gap and where we still have a remaining gap is in our cost of funds. So we know we still have work to do there.
Brad Conner: Yes. I would say we are definitely seeing some competition in the refi loan space. So we haven't seen a lot of new players in the in-school space. We've seen players like SoFi and Darian and others in the refi area. But I would say at this point, margins are holding nicely. There is still good strong demand, so we feel good about the opportunity. But yes, there is some competition in the refi space.
Brad Conner: Our view is, no. There is still an enormous opportunity in the marketplace in terms of consumers who are eligible for student loan refinancing, and so demand will remain strong for the foreseeable future.
Brad Conner: Bruce, I think you said it extremely well. And to your point, 30-day delinquencies were down for us, 90-day delinquencies were down for us, charge-offs were down, the portfolios' performance are tracking right in line. We're made a conscious decision to grow our assets in other areas with a little bit higher risk adjusted returns, like student, like we talked about. But we are actually quite comfortable with where we're at right now in auto, and feel very good about our credit performance.
Brad Conner: Eric, if I can chime in very quickly, I think you hit it well. You mentioned it in your opening comments, we have had two very good recruiting quarters in a row with financial consultants. Difficult quarter, just because of the market volatility but we feel very good about the underlying trends both in hiring and sales results in investments. So I think we feel quite optimistic about the opportunity in wealth and investments. One other quick thing to highlight, first quarter is a seasonally low quarter for deposit fees. So that's something to consider as well.
Brad Conner: I think you hit it well. We launched a new card product last year, as a much improved value proposition which has improved revolve rates and card activation and usage pretty significantly, but it's also given us the ability to move away from the promotional rate. So that's been an influencer as well.
Eric Aboaf: I'll just add that last year we obviously had our first non-objectionablepass for CCAR. This year we were committed and gave as much work as we did a year ago. So we've kept up the internal pace of all the improvement and remediation and making sure that we're leading the pack as opposed to just barely there on the requirements. And I think that gives us some confidence to put in for an appropriate return of capital to the shareholder, while balancing the strength of the franchise. But as Bruce said, we have very, very strong capital ratios, top of the leaderboard and so that gives us some confidence.
Eric Aboaf: Let me just take that. This was part of our annual CCAR app a year ago. We had paced it [ph], why? Because we wanted to pay dividend levels with income growth. you've seen us deliver on that income growth quarter after quarter after quarter, driven by the positive operating leverage and the performance of the franchise. This is a natural time during that plan to raise the dividend and given we deliver on the income; we had done the app a year ago. We and the board went ahead with that increase. We didn't need to have ask anything special from the regulators. The only place we did do that was on the sub-debt buyback which we did back in the February/March time period, and I think as I mentioned in my opening comments, that was a special ask over and above the annual CCAR.
Eric Aboaf: I'll just add that we're going to keep chipping away at this quarter after quarter, 200 basis points year, 0.5 point a quarter. You can do the math. The NII growth will help. Some of the seasonal rebound we expect from fees will help. And then we've got to be extremely disciplined on our expenses. You saw them up 1% year over year, flat sequentially. We've got to find a way to come in at the low-end of our expense guide and we've got to find a way to come in at a strong operating leverage and we have every intention to meter out and to carefully invest but only behind revenues, as opposed to the other way around.
Eric Aboaf: Let me just add that this is a marathon, not a sprint. We do it every quarter and trying to build on the last assessment about we've got to get the efficiency ratio improved quarter after quarter. And we think as we do that, and then manage the mix of the top line and expenses, we can make some headway on it. Clearly we want to get out of the 6%, the high 6% range to the high 7% and we will figure how to get to the next step. It's going to be quarter after quarter, inch by inch.
Eric Aboaf: I think you've just got the standard downstream retail, that sort of thing. So I think if you -- we've been pretty standard with the others in the industry.
Eric Aboaf: I think it's a never ending battle with rates where they are today. We've got a really night nice lift from the Fed hike that came through on the yield side both in consumer and commercial. There's a little bit left of that because some of that came in in January, February for a couple of their portfolios, given how they're contractually repricing. So we have a little bit of a tailwind there. On the other side of the ledger, the long end is a lot lower than it was before. So that creates a bit of a headwind that we have to work through. So given that, it means we have to keep being intensely focused on our deposit cost kind of management and we've got to build balances and do them in a disciplined way. I think commercial clients will always be asking for a little more rate because their loans were priced. So we've got to address that and we have to find a way to navigate that carefully. And then I think on the loan yields mix side, I think that is an area of tailwind that we have confidence in to continue. So I think we said broadly stable into the second quarter, up or down a basis point or thereabouts. So kind of in that range. I think the second half of the year will kind of depend on where the Fed goes and also where market expectations are, where the back end of the curve bounces around to.
Eric Aboaf: I think the next increase will be nicely beneficial. Maybe not worth the $50 million a year that the first one was but something in that -- near that. What that would also do is put us in a position where you can't down shift as easily as we did, for example taking our deposit cost down. We took them down 4 basis points this quarter. That's not the kind of thing we can repeat two quarters in a row. But let me tell you, we are looking at every part of the pricing structure. Every way we acquire our clients and every way we manage that book and are trying to squeak out opportunities.
Eric Aboaf: I don't know, you certainly -- I don't think you want to go first. I would just say that we are comfortable with the glide path that we have been on. So when we were separated -- when the plan was announced to separate Citizens from RBS, the good news is that we started with an almost 14% CET 1 ratio. And over the past 2.5-3 years, we have been gliding down to 11.6% through paying the dividends. And we did our conversion transactions which is effectively a buyback and then very strong loan growth in the 8% range. And I think that still feels good to us. We have just continued to glide this down. We're a relatively new company and I think our earnings are below where we'd would like them to be in the longer term. So we need to get our sources of capital up, but it's good that we have the capital strength behind us that we can continue to take advantage of that. And we can grow loans aggressively, we can put in reasonably aggressive asks in the CCAR process. And I don't really think it benefits us dramatically to think about going over 100 at this point.
Eric Aboaf: Gerard, its Eric. I think for the time being, we're quite comfortable with the 98%, 99% that we've been running at. It's a healthy way to run a regional bank. And we want to do it in a meat and potatoes way and just having the right set of deposits against loans is helpful. I think we tend to run a little more -- a little higher in LCRs, but that's because we have a larger retail deposit base. That gives us the confidence run closer to that 99% than the 90% that others are at. I think over time what you'll find is that the regulatory guidelines, whether it's LCR or an FFR, get baked in. And right now we are at that kind of 90% LCR requirement, and we're well over that. We've said we are well over the 100% level. Once the NCSFR comes of age, I think at that point we'll see if it makes sense to recalibrate a little bit. But for the time being we're quite comfortable at the level we are at.
Eric Aboaf: But it's not bad competition, right, because it creates awareness among borrowers. You see TV ads out there so we don't have to spend on the TV. But it allows us for direct marketing and online channels to close loans.
Eric Aboaf: I think that the thing that we think about is as you maintain this growth rate, you come to, what's the theoretical asset allocation you want to that asset class. And so I think this is a juggernaut that can continue to grow on our balance sheet and then do we want to have options to move some of those assets off the balance sheet through sales or securitization. So I think it's a rich man's problem at this point.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, I think at this point what we're focused on is just the organic opportunities that we have right in front of us. So in our turnaround plan I think we can get good organic growth. And we have to demonstrate that we can build our capabilities and run the bank better, which I think we're doing. I do think, to your question though, there is a point where we will feel that it is appropriate to look for opportunities to deploy some of that excess capital into acquisitions. And I think fee-based businesses would be of interest. Having said that, I think you have to be careful there, because they typically are going to trade at premium valuations. And a lot of times their businesses -- if they're a business like a wealth business or a capital markets business where the assets go out the elevator every night. So you need to be careful about how you structure those deals. I still think that's a bit down the road. I don't see us looking to do any acquisitions in 2016. But as we continue to improve how we are running, I think we'll start to look, potentially in 2017 or 2018.
Eric Aboaf: What I've add is that tapping the brakes a little bit on our originations and slowing down growth gave us the opportunity to adjust pricing. Guidance that falls right to the bottom line. We might do that again at some point or this is a classic asset class. It doesn't have as high returns as you would like, it actually has good stable credit dynamics, but not as high returns as you would like. And we'll be looking at pricing, we will look at securitization, we'll look at all the things you can do to essentially optimize this more over time.
Eric Aboaf: Yes, let me start. I think that the anchor on fees, as we said, was service charges, right? And that -- given that, that is 40% of our book. I think, as you just work the numbers though, just remember the original guidance of 5% to 7% was kind of the old accounting basis but card fees actually impacts the reported results by 2 to 3 percentage points. So keep that in mind as you compare and contrast. That said, I think the real uptakes need to come on the investment side. And I thought it was actually nice that we did. We were up 3% year-on-year notwithstanding the ugly markets we saw in January and February. You remember with those felt like. Mortgages, as we shift to conforming activity and we talked through that earlier in the call, gives us a very natural lift. You could keep a pipeline coming and the originations coming, and if you could shift that mix by 5 percentage points or, at some point, 10 percentage points, that's very powerful. And so a number of initiatives underway to do that. That takes time, but that will come. And then I think there is a question on capital markets and a strong second quarter and a good second half of economic activity. You saw the economic signs out there, are quite positive now. Sharp contrast to what everyone felt like in January and February. And so that one can certainly pick up. Every one of those has work to be done. But we feel like we need to keep finding ways to get there.
Eric Aboaf: Let me hit the financials first, and then Brad will describe a little more of the business activity under the surface. The yields tend to do well in the first quarter, probably was exactly as you describe. Primary came up and so the book repriced and that gained a very nice lift. Probably you just had pay down activity on some of the book. You roll through some of the acquisition fees that you may have seen in the third and fourth quarter, and so you end up with more fully priced balances which gives you a second tick up. So those were the two on the financial side.
