Bruce Van Saun: Yes, sure. So David each of these initiatives really is completely incremental to what we have done in the prior initiatives, although they help to support and reinforce what we are trying to achieve. If I look at the categorization, you have some dealing with the cost side of the equation and efficiency. We see some pricing opportunities where we can sharpen pricing strategies. And then lastly, broad revenue enhancement. And if you want I will just run through those briefly. But operations transformation we've looked at how we're organized across what's in the central service unit and distributed across in our businesses and I think some of that just grows up from a historical legacy standpoint. So we have taken a step back to figure out how can we better organize and distribute that work and find some efficiency. So that's been quite an undertaking. It's taken us a while to kind of asses that and come up with a plan but we are in the process of implementing that plan. And as I mentioned we'll already start to get some immediate benefits from that project in the second half. Procurement is pretty self explanatory. So we are working on I guess in general looking to consolidate vendors and then have tighter standards and compliance. With contracts there's more opportunity there. We did some of that in the first Top program but I think there was more to do than we've been able to fair that out. In pricing most of this is on the commercial side than the cash management business. We have been able to segment customers look at competitive pricing and we seek some opportunities to tighten pricing. A two down below on revenue enhancement, one is there is opportunities for us to better use our distribution channels on the consumer side deep in relationships with customers understand their needs better and then deliver the products that really are suitable for their needs and so I think we can just sharpen again as sharpening our gain and then on a commercial and consumer second initiative what we’re trying to do there is really just hold on for that customers and reduce attrition. So make sure that we have proper segmentation strategies and we’re really smothering those customers with lots of attention and right product capabilities. So we've plans against each and just like you saw in our Top I we assigned accountability out to people so people know where the ownership resides across the bank and we have regular meetings to make sure that we’re delivering and that we’re staying on track.
Bruce Van Saun: I think that’s right. It’s not anything that’s out of the box it's just continuing to sharpen how we’re running the bank would be a distinct way of categorizing the whole program.
Bruce Van Saun: And I would say look we have very good own organic originations right now capabilities. So I think we can be very selective in terms of what we do as evidenced by our dialing back on the SCUSA arrangement our own auto originations has ramped up and we’re now able to originate more prime paper thereby there is less need for that. So I think the good news here is we’re getting very solid organic originations and we can be opportunistic when we see attractive portfolios.
Bruce Van Saun: No I say they are part of the BAU process for running the bank and then few of them are in Top II. The initiatives are as we talked about around product mix we've very strong origination and strength in all of our businesses so we can tactically shift a little more from one business to another. I think I highlighted a couple of those already, student loans come in at a 110 basis points better yield and a couple of 100 basis points that are returned than some of our other opportunities and we’re emphasizing that’s an example and similarly there are areas like that on the commercial side. And because we have the ability to originate and grow the balance sheet as this kind of 7% to 8% per year we really have an opportunity to emphasize a little more and accelerate in some areas and actually curtail actively curtail on others that we find a little less remunerative as time moves on.
Bruce Van Saun: I will and Eric you can chime in, but I would say where we had pressure on the initial revenue walk principally it's been in building up our fee based businesses and so the pace at which we can attract the quality and depth on both the mortgage loan office reports and the wealth advisor force it's been a little tougher and we still are making great progress and we still think we’ll get there but it’s probably going to take us another year and we slowdown a little bit in business banking hiring as well. So there is a little bit of headwind on the fee trajectory, there is a little headwind on kind of net interest income related to NIM and some of the pressure on the back book rolling off into kind of a lower rate environment and what we had anticipated. So we've done everything we thought we do and more on expenses but we've been a little late on revenues. So that’s really what we're trying to protect as to make sure overall that these initiatives allow us to deliver what we said it was something to deliver, if there is a little left over to partly offset the kind of said moving later and more languidly than expected, great. But that’s potentially a sizable impacted that is hard to fully offset. So really that’s the thing were you still have that close trends when the rates go up we'll start to benefit from that and if takes a little longer it will push out realization a bit and we'll just stay on top of that.
Bruce Van Saun: Pricing side of the revenue is also pretty foreseeable. So it's really the revenue enhancement we have to really work hard to execute against.
Bruce Van Saun: Let me take that, I think that is an ongoing area where there is all visibility to do more. So every third party vendor whether it's marketing, advertising firm, whether it's paper and pencil, whether it's equipment whether it's technology consulting. Right there is a wide range areas there and one thing the capacity and disciple in bidding out every time things come off and also finding ways to simplify what we buy. And that’s the part of how we do business and we're going to continue to actively manage those spending area.
Bruce Van Saun: What we do in terms of forward forecasting is we just use the forward rate curve. So I think the Fed Funds in the rate curve we used when we put the plan together was about 175 basis points at the end of '16. Today is about 110 basis points when we had the original rate curves the Fed was moving as of June. So you get accumulative benefit from having already moved for a longer period of time. And now it looks like initial rate move would be kind of late in Q4. So if you just kind of run that forward you probably lose about half of the benefit versus the 300 million that we had initially assumed when we did the road to walk. We are not giving guidance on 2016 so with respect to your second question I think it's safe to say that we're just saying at this point it's hard to cover that much of an impact having said that the curve does move around and you could see a snap back and maybe the Fed if the economy is trucking along has the confidence to go a little faster or in bigger increments. But in any case we'll just monitor that and our policy is we'll give guidance in for the current year and January of that year and that’s when we'll tell you our views and we'll have I think are more fresh view on kind of level of interest rates in the potential impact from that.
Bruce Van Saun: I think when we've shown our target of getting to the 10% we had a series of other numbers underneath that that are all consistent with getting to 10%. We had a 1% ROA and we had an efficiency ratio down in the low 60s, near 60%. So we are making progress here. So one of the good news again if you look at last several quarters we continue to generate positive operating leverage which is moving our efficiency ratio down. So this past quarter it went down by 95 basis points. So we need to continue that positive operating leverage. I think it will be an accelerant when rates start to go up that's almost free money, that's revenues that are going to flow through the bottom-line without needing to add any expenses. So that's an accelerant to positive operating leverage which will fly that efficiency ratio faster towards where it needs to get to.
Bruce Van Saun: It's about the same, so if you look at the net yield after the servicing cost in the SoFi arrangement it's about the same yield that we're making on the ed-fi originations when we load in our cost to originate those loans.
Bruce Van Saun: So our asset sensitivity one of the things Eric mentioned in the prepared remarks we kept for that 200 basis points gradual ramp in the Fed Funds rate our benefits over the first year have been fairly consistent at around 7%. And our view is that we’ll keep that so called spring coiled and benefit once rates starts move hopefully we’re getting closer to that day.
Bruce Van Saun: Sure Brad maybe you could briefly describe the distribution channel effectiveness which again is I think doing a better job of marshalling the resources we have in the branches and in the contact center to reach out to customers and engage with them whether it's physical meeting in the branches or phone conversation to some of our specialist to make sure we're doing all that we can to satisfy their needs.
Bruce Van Saun: And that’s one that I would say again we've had some help from consultant and setting up the program and they've seen this approach work effectively at other banks. So combined with those insights and then our own piloting efforts we think that these revenues are pretty good estimate of what we should be able to achieve. And then on the return program I think I don't know if I should through that back to you again or just some that funds to commercial as well.
Bruce Van Saun: And I think on commercial some of it is really surveilling the back log and looking for situations where we think the company might want to refinance. And we can go classically to refinance that company to make sure they stay with us. So there is a number of initiatives on the commercial side as well. But again similar to the first one I just mentioned we have had outside helping us design this program, we've seen the effectiveness that other institutions and so we have a reasonable degree of confidence that these are attainable numbers.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes most of these have back since these folks are typically graduate programs. And they have hiring from a good job, there is less need for the guarantor than in a straight student loan. But having said that the FICO scores on this portfolio I think are 70 to 80 plus some of brought by 2. But it's quite attractive.
Bruce Van Saun: I think we've got in our run rate what we need to continue to make progress on our regulatory agenda. We did last year to get caught up on some of the models to really do a good job with CCAR we kind of expense some of that and consider that more one-time in nature. But we mentioned that we needed to hire about 70 to 80 people. And by year-end we probably had 60 people in health and so by now that kind of the turn that middle of the year we've got all that in our run rate. So I don’t really see any opportunity for "piece dividend" anytime soon. I think there is still a sustainable amount of work to do if the regulators push the bar higher we need to keep pace. And so I'd say where I'd put it is that we've got the right amount of resources. We're working hard. We are making progress but it's still going to take us some time to get fully where we need to be.
Bruce Van Saun: Actually, it's Bruce, and I was one who made those remarks. But I think the amount of attrition that we built a little bit I think it's a low single-digit number into our overall estimates and that's been formed by again having some consultants working with us who have seen in other institutions. But if you look at the kind of uplift from the pricing up and very small subtraction for people frankly who aren’t paying us what they should for those services that see much, much more in favor up going ahead and taking those price actions. So I think I would categorize is it as a fairly miniscule level of attrition and really which is bringing the book back to kind of fair and average market pricing relative to peers.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, I think what we've seen clearly over the last six to eight quarters is the flip side of having lower rates for longer is there's less stress on borrowers. So where ever you look in our book whether any of the consumer portfolios or any of the commercial portfolios, borrowers are doing well. And delinquent loans are very manageable and trending in the right direction. So I think hopefully we can continue to sustain that good credit performance. There is still probably a little normalization to go because we have on the commercial side some significant recoveries which once you book gets completely clean, there's not much more that you can recover. So we might see kind of little bit of increase and we're growing the portfolio which potentially creates little bit of increase. But in terms of, if you look at the charge-off rate as a percentage of loan, we have been hanging around kind of a low 30 and are through the cycle average is probably 45-ish and I think it's hard to see how you're going to approach that through the cycle average any time soon. Hopefully not same as last words, you can always get hit with a Scud missile. But we don’t see anything really in the book at this point that gives us any great concerns that we're going to go up meaningfully from where we are.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay, great. Well thanks everybody. I appreciate you dialing in today. Again we feel very good about the progress that we're making. We continue to execute against our key strategic priorities and look forward to the next time. Thanks and have a good day.
Brad Conner: I would say the acquisition that we did looks a lot like our education refinance product, we really like that segment a student lending is very high quality, you are dealing with customers that have proven track record of repayment they have a job so what we really like that segment and this segment that we acquired looks very much like our organic origination. Same in terms of about our opportunities we like the student loan segment so we wouldn't back away from future acquisitions but we don't have any -- I would specific designs around that at this point.
Brad Conner: The key really on that particular initiative is customer behaviors have been changing over the last few years. And people are using alternatives in efforts for making deposits that are not coming in the branches as much we're using online mobile. And one of the things that we know your heights conversion rate in terms of sales conversions with customer if you can get face to face for your customers. So this initiative really is about having conversations with our customers inviting them into the branches and doing over a half conversation with them about what are their financial needs in the face to face way. So the initiative at this stage is just reaching out to our customers inviting them into the branches and then being able to measure and see the effect of that and we've had some very good early success with that, we're actually piloting in the couple of markets and we're seeing some good success. We're just learning as we go and expecting to continue to roll that out across the broader distribution network.
Brad Conner: It is, I can talk a little bit about the consumer side similar to this commercial. The real issue on retention is just making sure that every point of interaction with our customers we understand what the satisfiers and the dis-satisfiers are and breaking down those dis-satisfiers in a way that we include overall customer satisfaction or repaying our customer. So there is a very systematic approach to understanding when all those points of just said to satisfy our arm breaking them down. And we are seeing some good early signs if you look at particularly in checking we're seeing steady improvement quarter-on-quarter in terms of our retention rates of our customers and now we're taking that across all of our products.
Eric Aboaf: And we'll see those initiatives right to start 60, 40 revenue to expand while we know the expense is quite we have a lot of confidence there revenue is always…
Eric Aboaf: Yes I think going through the period of change and all the various initiative and separating from our RBS and getting up from CCAR. We have used consultants more heavily then we have in the past. And they are also helping to guide us to some extent on some of these new initiatives. So I'd say we're probably at a higher run rate then we were historically and that should come down with time.
Eric Aboaf: I am not sure there's lot, much to add. I think you said that well, I mean the core strategies organic origination we have been very pleased with the demand in the marketplace for the refi products. We have been, it's a product that hits the market well, this was an opportunistic opportunity and I think the core strategy is organic originations.
Eric Aboaf: But because we compare those yields and those returns across the bank right -- across all the consumer businesses and commercial businesses, if you look at the flow arrangements we are looking for an uptick something a little wider in spread and a little higher in return and won't do them just if they come at net average.
Eric Aboaf: I think right now we like the position that we run where the asset sensitivity is primarily at the front end of the curve, right the very front end which is the one, two, three months, just because we have that option to not raise the deposit rate as the Fed starts to move. The data is particularly in our favor, I think we'd rather and we don't want to have a rate discussion here but typically rather liking for some terms structure whether it's five year, seven year, three year it's somewhat slightly higher rates than where we’re today and we’ll do that over time, we’ll do that as when we think are good level it's kind of hard to convince yourself that you want to long right now.
Eric Aboaf: Primarily what we see is we see some of the smaller community banks out there with some lead money market rates, some CD promotions I think they don't have the task that we do and a large banks do and so they are out there and sometimes when we need to do is match that prices to the depend market-by-market but you can imagine we’re trying to be quite disciplined in pricing and I think that we’re quite confident that the deposits pricing will lag for the first move or two as rate trend upwards.
Eric Aboaf: It's really that I don't know if stickier I think it's about average data in the industry I think we quoted out 60% I think the range is 50% to 70%. I think we've confidence in that because we’re being a bit more conserved than we than what we saw in the last cycle on one hand and on the other we have real healthy mix of retail deposits, lot more retail than versus commercials than peers we have it in both city centers but also in more suburban areas and there we think we’ll do reasonably well.
Eric Aboaf: I will just add in particular, there are literally 600 different fees and services that you price and so many have done in the details and if you actually go through that you can benchmark that you can benchmark it against peers and you could benchmark it for clients size. And so there is a rich data set by which really determine what’s fair pricings and you can play that back to clients and just on a fair price and say look here is the range and here is where the averages are, and here is where you are and so we had some good early successes and that will be part of the we do on a disciplined way over time.
