Carter Mack: Thanks Ray. JMP Securities produced excellent results in the second quarter with the investment banking group having its second best quarter in our history with $23.1 million of revenue for the quarter and $48.1 million for the first half of 2014, up 45% from the first half of 2013. JMP Securities as Joe said has benefitted from improved equity capital market conditions over the past year but has also benefited from continuing market share gains. JMP’s equity capital raising market share as measured by a percentage of total U.S. ECMPs earned were 57 basis points for the latest 12 months ended June 30, 2014 versus 44 basis points for the full year 2013. More importantly in our four targeted industry groups we grew ECMP market share to a 114 basis points in the latest 12 months versus 91 basis points for all of 2013. We continue to focus on wining a larger number of book managed transactions and increasing our economic fund co-managed transactions with the goal of achieving a 1% overall market share of all ECMPs by 2017. In the first half of 2014 we lead managed 16 public equity transactions versus 14 in the first half of 2013 and our share of lead managed transactions versus overall transactions increased to 25.4% up from 23.3% in the first half of 2013. An important factor driving these gains in JMP’s equity capital markets business has been a resurgent IPO market over the past year. We participated in 22 IPOs in the first half of 2014 versus 16 in the first half of 2013 and our current pipeline of IPOs on file is robust. JMP Securities has always benefited from a highly diverse investment banking platform, both in the industries that we cover and the range of investment banking products that we offer and that is very evident in the second quarter of 2014 and really highlights the continuing strength of our platform. In the first quarter of 2014 we benefited from the strongest life sciences equity capital markets environment that we have seen in our history. Our healthcare industry group in the first quarter accounted for 68% of total investment banking revenues and drove a record $25.1 million revenue quarter for JMP. We saw significant slowdown in this market in the first few months of the second quarter and deal activity in the biotech industry only really picked up in June. Despite this slowdown in the pace of deals in our healthcare practice we were able to produce our second best revenue quarter ever in investment banking and only $2 million off our record pace in the first quarter. These results were driven by significant pickup in our M&A business in the second quarter as well as higher revenue contributions from our real estate and technology industry groups. Our M&A revenues were $6.9 million on eight completed deals in the second quarter and $10.2 million on 11 total deals for the first quarter of 2014, almost double the $5.2 million in revenues on five transactions that we produced in the first half of 2013. Our strong M&A results were the result of our hiring efforts targeted towards productive senior M&A bankers over the past couple of years as well as an improving overall middle market M&A environment in the U.S... Overall investment banking revenues were also much more evenly distributed across our four industry practice areas in the second quarter with healthcare accounting for 32% of revenues, technology 28% of revenues, real estate 27% and financial services 13%. So despite the slowdown in the healthcare equity capital markets environment we benefited from growing contributions from other industry groups and product areas to produce a very strong revenue quarter. JMP’s investment banking platform is performing at a very high level. Our productivity per investment bankers is at the highest level in our history at $1.7 million in revenues per employee in the Group over the last 12 months versus $1.4 million per employee for the full year 2013. Revenues per Managing Director were $6.6 million in the latest 12 months versus $5.5 million for 2013, a number more comparable to productivity levels at some of our M&A focused peers. We are cautiously optimistic about the – with a robust pipeline of IPO and M&A transactions at JMP’s right across our four industry verticals and continued high levels of deal activity in the U.S. equity capital markets and an improving overall M&A environment. With that I will turn it back to Joe.
Carter Mack: Yeah. I think that’s true and I think the bankers that we’ve brought on board have kind of had a normal productivity level increases. We still expect some of the more recent hires to ramp up their contribution levels. But yeah we’re definitely producing at a higher level across the platform and it’s, as Joe said I think we’re benefiting from a lot of our products being in demand in our diverse industry groups.
Carter Mack: Yeah, and the latest 12 months figure that I gave for $6.6 million per MD and $1.7 million per employee, captures a really strong second half of 2013 when we had a really good year on the convertible side and then a really strong first half of 2014, in both M&A and equity capital market. So it definitely is one of our stronger 12 month period.
Carter Mack: It’s kind of a combination of things, it takes a lot of time and it takes, being on a lot of covers and then it takes starting to have more discipline about what you will take on. As you said I mean we have started to really push back on lower economics, turning down deals when we are not getting the economics that we think make sense for what we are delivering. But that takes time. It has been a long process and I think we are at a position now where we have been quite active in the equity capital markets. I think we proved ourselves and done well on a number of lead managed transaction and that kind of built on itself. So that’s really just a process and having discipline about what you are willing to take on, what you are willing to turn down.
Joseph Jolson: Well we’ve never really disclosed that in part because it depends on the fund and the strategy. But I think that it’s fair to stay that our highest comp ratio at the firm by far would be incentive fees on our internally managed hedge funds. You can make your own judgment but I think if another way of looking at that might be that if our incentive fees for the same dollar amount is our principal income for a quarter the average of that would be more in line with the 60% to 65% comp ratio that we’re targeting longer-term for the company. So in a quarter like this where incentive fees were so large relative to the principal income you get a little distortion there in the overall comp ratio.
Joseph Jolson: We understand Joel, we understand that those OpEx are a little bit confusing and we’ve been thinking about maybe restructuring that business in a way that while it might reduce the overall revenues from a GAAP point of view and the volatility of those revenues it would lead to a similar bottom line and kind of take some of that distortion out of our numbers that is confusing to investors.
Joseph Jolson: I’ll Carter take that but let me just tell you kind of from a pop down point of view that the reason that our bankers are as productive as they are because the markets are strong but also because of all the different products that we’ve added to their mix over the last few years and that’s really helped I think so. I will turn it over to Carter.
Joseph Jolson: I mean if you look at like in maybe as back as 2009 we really didn’t have a debt advisory business or any significant play in the convertible security side for instance and in a lot of our corporate relationships use those products. So adding those products to the relationships and calling efforts has been leveragable in that productivity number as opposed to just being more of a single product company focused on either M&A or equity capital markets.
Joseph Jolson: I mean Joel not to belabor that but another way of looking at that is we don’t – obviously no one in our business controls the size of the equity capital market fee pie every year. There is some cyclicality to that obviously and we are enjoying a good cycle right now. But I do think that our penetration of lead managing more deals and getting better economics on the deals that we co-manage is also benefiting those numbers and so far number of deals doesn’t change over the next five years but our penetration of that does. You could see those productivity numbers continue to move up.
Joseph Jolson: There is also just the model if you just step back of the kind of boutique model where it’s heavily focused on touches with companies away from just investment banking, with research and then corporate access and as good investment bankers that are experienced and focused on their space as opposed to product guys. That model over any period of time, if you execute on it successfully and stick with it should lead to greater market share of the wallet of the issuer.
Joseph Jolson: I will give you like kind of the really bold up answer here. Okay, is that you know the Jobs Act has benefited us by increasing the number of smaller IPOs which I think is a permanent or secular shift unless there’s lesser some regulation down the road that would change that, okay. But I do think that if you look at the high grade fixed income business, that’s for the most part has been in a very long term bull market right where you saw interest rates very high in the early 80s, late 70s inflation very high, disinflation and then essentially over a long period of time you got down to very low, at almost zero short term interest rates, very low kind of 10 years. So I mean without trying to forecast that a lot of money chased those returns and it’s sitting there in fixed income plan and there are some people – I am one of them that thinks over the next 10 years if the economy improves and inflation normalizes, you are likely to see money rotating out of these funds and back into better risk-adjusted return types of investments and so being in the equity side of the business for the most part we have had to suffer as everyone have else in our peer group to a better market essentially from a sector point of view compared to the bond side of the business and so if you want to be bullish about it longer term which we are we think there could be a long term rotation back to equities that we think we are very well positioned for it.
Joseph Jolson: Yeah we don’t really give pipeline comparison numbers but just on a general tone, it’s we had an active last few weeks, I guess you could say in the IPO market with a number of deals in the market for us. We just priced a book run deal yesterday, another deal today that we were lead manager on. Now the composition currently is heavily weighted in the life sciences space and we are seeing a resurgence in the life sciences activity. So the near term pipeline, I guess you could say is more healthcare focused over the midterm, deals that we think will come out post Labor Day, I think it’s going to be much more diversified given the deals that we have – that are on file confidentially right now. And the pipeline on the M&A front we have a number of deals that are on track to close and one in particular with a fairly large fee. It feels better on the M&A front than it did mid-year last year and it feels as good or better on the IPO front. So that’s about much of a crystal ball as I can give. We were just starting to see a real resurgence in IPOs mid-year last year whereas this year we are seeing a steady level of activity from the beginning of the year.
Joseph Jolson: Headcount’s been flat I think but it kind of varies because we have this mid-summer increase with corporate finance analysts and then we have some departures of analysts. But yes we are very much actively looking to add bankers. We added a few at the beginning of this year and we continue to have discussions. We would like to add people especially in technology and that’s an ongoing effort. So yeah we believe that given how we can get bankers up to the productivity levels we talked about, that’s the best way to grow our business and we think adding productive senior level bankers is going to mean meaningful revenue growth over the next few years.
Joseph Jolson: Well I have Mark Lehmann here who is President at JMP Securities. So I will let him give you some color on that. But just generally speaking we are more focused on market share because we can’t really control the size of the pie and I guess what you say in the second quarter for industry, active institutional volume was a good size drop off right in terms of trading activity and we are not immune from that. I think we continue to pick up market share but when you have like a low to mid-teens drop industry wide kind of thing you know that from one quarter to the next it’s virtually impossible with an organic strategic to be able to offset that quickly. But I will turn it over to Mark.
Joseph Jolson: The other thing I’d add is that unlike a lot of firms including most boutiques we’re much more balanced with the traditional money managers that have a vote process then one would expect for a smaller company in this space that would tend of to be over-weighted to hedge funds. And so that’s good and bad but essentially when you have a vote process there is a little bit longer lag between stepping up your game and then seeing the resulting votes six to 12 months later.
Joseph Jolson: Hey, great. Well we appreciate you guys’ interest in JMP and we look forward to giving you updates as the quarter goes on. Thank you.
