Kevin Cummings: Well certainly we’re going to be opportunistic as far as looking at what comes to us with this capital. We estimate we’ll be at 18% capital. Domenick and I talk about this all the time. We chatted about it this morning. We’re going to be major shareholders and protecting tangible book value is going to be very important. We can’t let our egos get in the away just to do a deal because of a certain size. If you look at the transactions, lot of them are going to be coming our way. Domenick’s getting calls all the time. We’re going to have to be disciplined and do the same things we’ve done over the past six years since 2008. If you look at our plan -- if you look at the organic growth that we have had, we started in the commercial real-estate business with half a dozen people, 10 people. Now we have a commercial division of over 100 people. So we feel that we could leverage this new capital by growing anywhere from $1.2 billion to $1.8 billion per year over the next six years, that’s almost $10 billion. So we don’t feel any pressure to do a deal just for the sake of doing a deal and we’re going to be hopefully good stewards of capital and protect our interest -- protect my own personal interest, because I don’t want to be at a shareholders meeting and have people yelling at me.
Kevin Cummings: Chris, one of the things we’ve recognized, back in 2007, 2008, the commercial portfolio was less than -- at the end of 2007 it was less than $400 million. We didn’t have to worry about prepayments and amortization of the portfolio. That’s a headwind that we recognize going forward. But we have more and better resources now than we had in 2007. So hopefully we have the machine in place. We originated on the residential and the book side over $5 billion in loans last year and hopefully on the residential side it would be difficult to maintain it but certainly on the commercial side we have the increased resources. The investments that we made while being an MHC, the investments that we’ve made in -- I’d look at the allowance for loan losses and other things like that. In 2007 our allowance was $8 million. It was 20 basis points on a total portfolio of $4 billion. Today it’s 133 basis points on a $13.5 billion portfolio. So we funded that all through this recession and went from $12 million in net income and made $34 million in this quarter.
Kevin Cummings: Chris, we have not revealed at this point what we expect to happen to the dividend, but suffice it to say that given the conversion from a mutual holding company to a full public company, obviously there’re be a lot more shares in the company. And while we have begun to do the analysis and are starting to zero in on where we want to be, we haven’t revealed it at this point. So we’re not going to discuss it on this call.
Kevin Cummings: No, we don’t see 70 million as being the run rate going forward. We continue to build the risk management infrastructure, credit infrastructure, bringing on new employees. And so, while our expenses for the quarter were approximately 77 million, we think that being in the $75 million range is probably the new run rate quarterly going forward.
Kevin Cummings: I wouldn’t say that it’s a lot more. We continue to be diligent in our efforts to meet all of our regulatory obligations. The regulators are in here all the time given the size of the Company and so we will continue to make some investments there but I would not say from a headcount perspective that it’s a lot more.
Kevin Cummings: Okay. That’s a record. I appreciate everyone’s participation. We are excited about our future prospects here and maybe I’ll just get a chance to see you once we hit the road for the second step. So everyone have a great holiday. I wish you the best and thank you for participating on the call. Thank you.
