Bruce Van Saun: Thanks John before we start the Q&A, let me turn it over to Brad for some brief words on a media article on our Checkup program. Brad.
Bruce Van Saun: John I have repeatedly not want to be drawn in on putting a pin in the exact timing that we get to the 10%, what I would say is that we've made nice progress, kind of consistently last year and now in the first quarter and we are getting closer, a lot will depend on first the environment and continued movement in the interest rates, which provide some tailwind and then our continued ability to execute on our strategic initiatives. So I think we have momentum, I think we’re as you say getting relatively close. So hopefully it won't be too long but what I would ultimately say is that once we get to that 10% we won't be satisfied. We will look out, we will be doing our strategic planning effort this summer and we'll consider whether at the appropriate time it is appropriate to raise that target even higher.
Bruce Van Saun: And we will start to emphasize some of the industry segments that have that are cash rich as supposed to on a credit needy. I think it's part of the rotation that we're looking at as well.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes, there's probably of that increase. I think it was maybe 3 or 4 was related to the branch charges. But what we're focused on here is what we call refer to as branch transformation, which is to take a look at all our branches and try to figure out how to reconfigure them. So in most instances, we don't need as much space as we have, so we want to reduce the overall square footage in the branches and we want to take what was space dedicated to transactions and the remaining space should have more private rooms for conversation. So we can deliver advice to our customers, and we can also use the foyer , the entrance room for putting in some very sophisticated machines that people can do a lot of the banking that require tellers right on those machines. We're probably looking at a 10-year timeline based on our lease expiries to get to all our branches and we're kind of in the early stages of that. So initially, you'll see the charges for the refurbs exceed what we get in terms of the back book of lower rent from the restructured branches. But as time goes by, that becomes a nice driver because ultimately, we'll be driving the occupancy expense, lower and because of the less square footage, and that will swamp the cost of a handful of branches each quarter getting refurbished. So anyway, that's what you saw in Q1.
Bruce Van Saun: Sure. And again, we've been, I think very consistent and predictable that we've been on a glide path that we want to have strong returns of capital to shareholders and strong loan growth. The fact that we were birth from RBS with a high capital ratio has allowed us that flexibility. We're coming closer and closer to where peers are but we still have, I think, relatively high rates. I think you could expect more of the same in terms of our approach this year. When I think about what we want to do with capital, certainly, increasing the dividend you saw us raise the dividend and the payout ratio is going up. We'd like that to continue, and we'll also want to continue to fund loan growth as a high priority. And then when we have excess, we'll use that to repurchase the shares. So that's it in a nutshell.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, we haven't really freshened that view. As you recall when we did the IPO roadshow, we said we wanted to bring it down to around 11%. I think last year, we came from 11.7% to 11.2%-ish. So the glide path in the past couple of years has been down 50 basis points or so. I think it’ll cross over 11% this year and still have a differential to peers. So I think this continued glide path can continue not only this year but into next year, and so we'll stay tuned on that. We'll probably post you on that sometime in the middle of the year.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. Well, thanks again everyone for dialing in today. We really appreciate your interest. As I said in the press release, I think we're really firing well on all cylinders. I remain very confident in our full-year outlook. Thanks again, and have a good day.
Brad Conner: Thanks, Bruce. We have confidence in the Checkup program as an important part of our strategy to serve customers well and ultimately be better positioned to deepen relationships. We believe it's important to note that recent media coverage did not suggest customer harm nor have we identified any. Nevertheless we have commenced a through review to determine whether there are any issues in the delivery of the program. My current expectation is that we are in a good position based on feedback and survey results we already have. Our surveys show that customers who go through the review are highly satisfied and most would recommend a Checkup to someone else. An engagement and organizational health index at our braches is up, customer alignment is up and the [indiscernible] is down since we moved to this mode of interaction that our branch based customers. However we're open to things we learn from review that we can adjust to become even better. So back to you Bruce.
Brad Conner: Yes, just getting back to the point about reallocating that capital to hire a better use. I may have mentioned in my remarks that this generates higher risk-adjusted returns for us when we rotate that capital into those other consumer businesses, so we're excited about that.
Brad Conner: Yes, you bet. A couple of things we've got. I think we talked about this a little bit on last quarter's call. We have redesigned our value proposition for our massive and affluent consumers. I think you’d get a much better value proposition to serve the needs of those customers. And then we invested very heavily in analytics and really understanding our customer segments and how to reach them with very specific and targeted offers so that our offers are much less about putting broad offers out, if you will, across the entire branch base that’s targeting the specific customers and specific customers sets. And we think that will really allow us to be much more efficient in driving lower-cost deposits.
Brad Conner: Yes. I mean, I think we’ve got materially more sophisticated in our deposit strategies over the last couple of quarters and added staff and added specific programs and added industry base focus to where we work with those deposits that are attractive and attractively priced, so we’re very confident there.
Brad Conner: Sure. I would say we're feeling pretty good about both of those areas. I will start with mortgage. We were up 22 this quarter, up 125 year-on-year. I think the key for us has been we feel really good about the progress we're making in turning our operations around. So we've really seen improvement in our customer satisfaction operations, which has allowed us to recruit loan officers and retain loan officers. Obviously the entire industry is seeing a little bit of slowdown in terms of demand. But all in all, we feel good and the progress that we're making with hiring our loan officers have been in our conforming geographies as well, which will help drive fee income. So we feel very good about that. I'd say on the wealth side, good quarter for us and we feel good about the progress we're making. We continue to see improved growth. We talked about it last quarter. One of the things that slowed our trajectory a little bit in growing fee income was a movement from to more managed money, fee-based products and we're seeing that trend continue but we feel like we've sort of crossed over that threshold where not yet that sustainable source of fee income and so continuing to have good success and good progress. And I would say yes, maybe to your question about how do we feel against our original projection, we feel like we're pretty much on track there guys.
Brad Conner: [indiscernible] I think you said it right, I mean, we have a very high quality list of other potential partners that have reached out to us. I think we have new capability and we think we can continue to expand with a very attractive set of customers. I’d just point out to that Vivint is a very good commercial bank customer of Don and I think it’s also related to build rate synergy between the consumer and the commercial bank and we will continue to look at those opportunities as well.
John Woods: The only thing I would add in the specific question around in any way related to credit performance, the answer is no. Our credit performance has been strong, right in line with our pricing expectation and our expectation is, to your point, it's all about the return on the business. It's not in any way related to the credit performance.
John Woods: Yes, thanks. And I think I've just talked about it on both sides and partnering with Don and Brad on this. In early days, there's been nice momentum in both of those businesses on funding. I'd say that we're entering into an environment here, which we'll all talk about rising rates and how we all operate in that environment. But looking forward, when you look at overall balance sheet, we're looking to remix and as we just talked about on the asset side and better use of that capital, we're constantly looking for better ways to fund that portfolio and that's part of our franchise. And we have some momentum there in terms of getting the right mix of commercial and consumer, so I think you'll see a bit more on the commercial side and getting a better representation of commercial deposits in our footprint. And there's also – we've seen good control of deposit cost in the consumer side. So like everybody, we're going to constantly look at that and look for ways to better fund the balance sheet.
John Woods: I think we are going to talk a little bit about how those funds are being deployed as well. You have heard a little bit earlier. We're putting that money to good use. We're making prudent decisions on the pricing side. And we have – we're doing better on the loan yield side. So you've got to look at those sides of the balance sheet there when you talk about what we're doing with those funds. Sure, commercial deposits have bit higher beta than a consumer deposits. But as you heard earlier from Don, we are under-penetrated on that side. We've got some very interesting things going on in the products front that will help to create some momentum on raising commercial deposits. And we feel good about where that will go in terms of from a mix standpoint and how we will put that capital and liquidity to work.
John Woods: …to get here, but we have made some I'd say slight adjustments in the mortgages to make sure we are focusing on the conforming geographies to make sure we get fulfillment on servicing where it needs to be. And in wealth, I think we're just building it the right way, putting the right products in place, we're putting the right customer segmentation and delivery mechanisms in place. We've got the robo advisory now up and running this quarter, and so I am really excited about really where both businesses are today and the outlook although I'd say to be fair, it's taken us a little longer to get there.
John Woods: Look, we're comfortable with where that is Vivek and I think it partly reflects the shift in some of the portfolio that you've seen, you've seen someone runoff of – some of the legacy poor assets that service by other home equity portfolio being replaced with very high prime and super prime consumer assets, which has been an upgrade. And I think in the commercial side, you're seeing growth in the kind of mid-corporate space, which tend to be higher rated credit. So I think it's really just overall function of the decisions we're making in terms of how we plan where we play. If you look at the coverage ratios of things like NPLs, that continues to go up. And I think we're up to 118% on that basis. So overall, I think we're probably getting to a point where you won't see significant further reductions from that 1013%. But hopefully if we keep working down the book of NPLs, you might see that number continue to improve somewhat. The other thing I'd say that's quite interesting is while we’re focused on getting higher yields and we're also improving the risk-adjusted returns on our loan book, we're seeing that our stress test losses are actually reducing because of some of the impacts that I described that's running off these legacy portfolios and putting really good quality back on the book. So you kind of have the hatch wrecking effects, better yields, better risk adjusted returns and lower stress losses, which is really great to see.
