Joe Jolson: Thanks Andrew and thanks to those of you listening today for your interest in JMP Group. JMP had a great second quarter, excluding an after-tax expense of $0.03 a share relating to the successful IPO of Harvest Capital operated in May. operating EPS increased by 38% from a year ago to $0.18 driven by a similar year-over-year increase of 37% in adjusted net revenues. JMP Securities produced record revenues for the quarter as our market share gain since 2009 positioned us to benefit from an improving capital market's environment and more than offset the decline in net investment income and incentive fees during the period. We were particularly pleased to see that positive client reaction to management changes we recently made in our institutional equities business led to improved results more quickly than we had anticipated. I’ll have Ray take you through some of the quarter’s financial results before saying more.
Joe Jolson: I don't think that they've contributed to the earnings in the first half, in the sense that we just hired some people in the sales and trading operations, Tom joined in February. So I think it's starting to contribute. So I don't we've seen that yet, but maybe a little bit of it in the second quarter. And in the investment banking side, the two investment bankers we hired, one started early in the year and he's already become reasonably productive to better than expected. The other one started in the second quarter and we're getting good feedback, but no revenues to report there, year-to-date. We did that deal in January, so obviously that expense is therefore pretty much the whole year, and of course the cost of taking (inaudible) public. I mean I think that when I gave you that number of upwards of $0.20 that essentially assumed that the comp that we kind of targeted to pay some of these guys, most of which isn't guaranteed or anything, but I think that's assuming for very little revenue. So we're obviously hoping to do better than that by the end of the year.
Joe Jolson: It's spread out, the interest expenses spread out right, so if you look at $0.10 potentially from just the debt cost, we have kind of covered most of that cost just r at least part of that cost with the 30 million we put into our funds, right. The CLO investment was the rest of that and that closed in April and it takes a while for loans to close. So in the second quarter they actually had a negative return on the 17.3, because you are paying out on all the bonds, but the loans haven't closed yet. I think most of those loans will be closed by the next couple of months. So it should be a positive contributor in the third quarter and then maybe be at a normalized run rate in the fourth quarter. We have just budgeted that cost for close strategic hires evenly across the year, so that is already, one-fourth of that would have been this quarter.
Joe Jolson: Remember that, I mean it's hard to be precise about these we can track revenues for the people that we hired, but since most of them that we have hired have joined in the last few months, it's a little early to expect major revenue contributions there.
Joe Jolson: I think that and that's not the part of business that I am involved, I will just tell you the answers for the questions when I ask that. I think we're seeing a lot higher client engagement with some of these changes we made in personnel, so that's a positive. I think if you look at industry wide business there on the commission side and you would look at this more than I bet when the dust settles it will be up slightly year-over-year for equities U.S. equities trading, and maybe 5% or something like that. And so we obviously we're up a lot more than that. So we picked up some market share there. And like I said I think that's because of some of the people we brought in and the level of their relationships with institutions.
Joe Jolson: I will make a quick comment but I would like Carter to give you some details; but basically we bolted on a number of products in the last three or four years to leverage their relationships that we have on calling on these three participants. So it isn’t something that we just started to do but we have seen some improvement in terms of getting higher in closing revenues. So we feel pretty good about that, Carter can give us more details.
Joe Jolson: That happened at the end of second quarter, so it didn’t really have a positive or negative effect, I think, on our quarter.
Joe Jolson: We cover middle market, kind of smaller middle market companies that are using capital to grow and expand in general. So we don’t do anything in the high grade area. So it will be less sensitive, reasonable changes in market interest rates is going to be a lot more sensitive to the user proceeds and the credit spreads type of side of it.
Joe Jolson: Well, I would like to thank everyone for their interest today. I will be around today. If you have any follow-up questions, just give me a call and or Ray, or Andrew. And we will catch up within three months. Thank you.
Joel Jeffrey: So essentially though what we're seeing is basically half of the drag on the bottom line but no pickup really on the revenue side, so the operating margins really get to come from these.
Joel Jeffrey: And then I mean the broker business was particularly strong. Looks like it's getting back to sort of more traditional levels. I mean again this is really just a function of people coming back to equities. I know you said in the commentary we got some other we have seen flows in the equities. But are you seeing just that much more of an appetite for institutions that progress on.
Joel Jeffrey: And then just lastly for me, on the investment banking side, it looks like sort of the debt and convertible securities line was pretty solid again particularly in terms of the revenue side. I mean is this sort of a new run rate we should kind of think about, was there anything specific in the line of quarter.
