Sean Burke: Thank you, Kevin. Net interest margin was 2.61%, an increase of 8 basis points from the prior quarter on both a reported and a core basis. Interest-bearing deposit cost decreased 18 basis points from the prior quarter, which drove the net interest margin improvement. Non-interest income totaled $20.5 million for the quarter, an increase of $5.7 million from the prior quarter. Our customer swap program continues to exceed expectations and was a bright spot this year, generating approximately $7.5 million in fees. Non-interest expenses totaled $106.8 million for the quarter, a decrease of $1.9 million from the prior quarter. On a core basis, expenses were up slightly from the third quarter due to an overdraft loss and expenses related to our customer swap program. Our tax rate was elevated in the quarter to the tune of $7.8 million, due to a tax law clarification made by the State of New Jersey on how to treat investment company and REIT income on a combined basis. While the change will serve to lower our tax rate going forward, it caused the value of our deferred tax asset to decline in the fourth quarter. Finally, I’d like to share some high-level guidance for 2020, inclusive of our pending acquisition of Gold Coast Bank. We are targeting low single-digit loan growth, but expect the continued remixing of our portfolio out of single-family of residential and multi-family into higher-yielding commercial and industrial loans. Deposits are targeted to grow by low to mid single digits, with emphasis on non and low interest-bearing checking products. Net interest margin guidance is in the 2.65% area for the full-year 2020, assuming no rate cuts or hikes. Non-interest income is estimated in the $60 million range and expenses in the $435 million range. We expect our effective tax rates to be in the 27.5% area. Now I’d like to turn it back over to Kevin for concluding remarks.
Sean Burke: We target a tangible common to tangible asset ratio in the 8.5% to 9% area, Mark. And we aren’t anticipating or budgeting any share repurchases in for this year, as the repurchase of Blue Harbour really accelerated our plans for 2020 on the repurchase front.
Sean Burke: Well, I think the previous caller asked the question, Laurie. And I think, Domenick summarized it quite nicely. We’re really not expecting of meaningful change on day one or day two. We…
Sean Burke: …we have looked at the Street consensus for the year on the provision front that’s out there, and that appears reasonable to us, Laurie.
Sean Burke: Yes. To be more specifically, Laurie – I mean, more specifically, Laurie, I was referring to the consensus mean or median estimate, which I believe is around $14 million for 2020, and I was referencing that, that appears reasonable for us.
Sean Burke: At the holding company-level, we target to hold cash anywhere from $150 million to $200 million, Laurie, and that’s where we are.
Sean Burke: In terms of share repurchase authorization, it’s about $15 million. $15 million is authorized and would be available for us to purchase.
Sean Burke: We’re always evaluating opportunities to take out cost. I think, the guidance we gave for the year was – it’s important to note, if you take out the cost from Gold Coast that we’re relatively flat and we’re projecting relatively flat expense growth for us as a standalone organization year-over-year. And we’ll continue to look for opportunities, whether that’s the branch network, the efficiency of our processes that we have internally here. We’re also very focused as you can see in some of the results that we had on the fee income line. There are a lot of efforts that were involved or that went into that. And it wasn’t just one line item. I know the swap program was a big part of that. But we’re continuing to look for ways to enhance value both on the fee line and on the expense line item.
Sean Burke: It’s hard to predict that, because it is lumpy when it comes in. We did have a small gain last year, it was around $1 million, this year, it’s around $2.6 million. I would have a hard time budgeting that in, quite honestly. I do consider it operating earnings, but the timing of it is, it’s hard to predict.
Sean Burke: No, I think that was an estimate at that point in time and even with it. We continue to monitor it and watch it and – in further analysis. It’s slower than we had really disclosed earlier in the year.
Sean Burke: Well, I think, first of all, when you put the Blue Harbour transaction in, I think, look, we can show ROE getting closer to 8.7%, 8.6%, 8.7%. But I think what would be the catalyst is the continued remixing of the loan portfolio and bringing in more high-yielding C&I loans. Any help from the Fed, I mean, we sat with the Treasurer – our Treasurer the other day, who talked about that there’s starting to be some noise about perhaps another Fed cut in the mid – middle of the year about 50% probability. So, continuing to manage the portfolio in a way that as, to use Kevin’s term, to do more profitable business, not growth for the sake of growth, we think, will help get us to that 10% level in the latter part of 2020 – 2021.
Sean Burke: Number one, the item on the equipment finance portfolio, that totaled $2.6 million No, I’m not necessarily budging that in when we provided the guidance. This – we’re not expecting that. Also, we had some gains on loan sales that could be repeated next year, but being cautious about projecting that to happen. So, it was really the combination of those couple of items there.
Sean Burke: The last point I would make in terms of the fee income is, we do have a couple of items that are in fee income now that are a little bit more difficult to predict quarter-to-quarter. So I have more comfort in the number that we provided for full-year of $60 million, and we could see some variation from quarter-to-quarter there, and you’re seeing some of that in the fourth quarter. So, we are self-admitting either to the fact that we are not going to have a $20 million fee income run rate every quarter going into 2020.
Sean Burke: Yes. But swaps also are a little lumpier in nature. And so we do expect overall income to grow from that program year-over-year. But even this year, we saw some lumpiness to when it comes in quarter-to-quarter.
Sean Burke: And it’s certainly a focus of our business lending teams. Now they’re becoming very proficient in cross-selling different products, both on the cash management side. It’s an emphasis of the company to drive non-interest income into the bank.
Sean Burke: I believe the building is in the process of being sold right now and has a pretty substantial valuation relative to our loan amount.
Sean Burke: It’s a longer-term. Yes, the balance sheet remixing is longer-term. We have $8 billion of multi-family assets on the balance sheet and $3 billion of C&I. So it’s a longer-term proposition.
Kevin Cummings: Thanks, Sean. Last year this time, we had just gone through nine rate hikes from the Fed. Although we are a little bit troubled by the recent rally and the 10-year bond and the inversion of the yield curve, we are in a much better spot today than a year ago. We are disciplined in our deposit pricing, we’re disciplined in our loan pricing, and we are focused on improving our fee income and business lending to diversify our revenue streams. We are working hard to drive profitable business into the bank at the margin. We are focused on improving our return on equity, the Blue Harbour transaction will certainly help us in that regard, and we look forward to 2020. The activities, among our retail lending and advisory groups, are strong. They live in our core values and we’re getting great cooperation and teamwork and this will pay dividends in the year to come. We have good momentum going into 2020. I want to thank all our teams for all their hard work and dedication to the success of this bank. We thank you, our shareholders for your support. And now, I’d like to open the call to questions. Thank you very much.
Kevin Cummings: Yes, Tom, we deal with a lot of constituents, regulators being one of them, too. And I think it was a big transaction and we’re digesting it and then moving forward, and we will continue to evaluate our actions, increasing dividends, stock buybacks, reasonable acquisitions and organic growth. Again, we still want to grow the bank, but we want to do it profitably. And we’re trying to do things prudently here using all the levers that are available to us, and we believe all four levers are available to us, but we’re not going to do anything, that doesn’t enhance shareholder value.
Kevin Cummings: Yes. Laurie, in a recent conversation with a banker, we looked at different things, different strategic options. And, of course, they’re in here all the time speaking with us. And you look at an MOE, different execution risk and things of that nature. You look at an acquisition of us buying a smaller bank upside. And then even staying alone and just driving the performance of the company through organic growth and managing the cost line and all those good things. And basically, you evaluate them and how do we enhance shareholder value. And the question I have what gets me to $15 a year over the next 24 months, 36 months and executing on those three options. And that’s the type of things we’re constantly looking at. And I think we’ll do what we feel is the safest way to get to that goal and of driving shareholder value.
Kevin Cummings: No, I think we talked about that pretty – I didn’t want to rehash what we talked about in the third quarter. So if you look at the third quarter commentary, I think, we beat it up pretty good and we haven’t seen anything at this point in time. So I kind of didn’t want to repeat the information that was provided in the third quarter. In fact, I think, our exposure, we were talking about maybe, it was around $1 billion, it’s probably around $800 million to the stabilized apartments.
Kevin Cummings: To counter that though, we are seeing some strong change in the focus of our mortgage company, where the mix of Fannie Mae versus what we take into portfolio, we’ve been doing a better job in the second-half of the year, and hopefully that will continue in 2020. But that give and takes on both sides as we move forward, but we’re being conservative. We’re not counting our eggs before they hatch.
Kevin Cummings: We continue to enhance return on equity and drive core deposits into the bank. The real goal is to be more relationship-focused. Multifamily is transactional. It served us well. It’s an excellent portfolio. It has served us very well in our transitions. When we started here, we didn’t have a commercial real estate group back in 2004, 2005. And that multi-family group and the team that has – and Joe Orefice and his team have done a great job in our transition. You can’t keep doing the same that you did to get you to where you are today and in the future. You have to continue to evolve and diversify the revenue streams and become less liability sensitive.
Kevin Cummings: Okay, thank you. And as we wrap up 2019, I’m – we’re very, very satisfied with the last two quarters. We have good momentum going into 2020. We expect 2020 to be a good year. We have a company with strong capital, a strong credit culture and an overall great culture of serving our customers. And more importantly, with all the discussion on with the Business Roundtable and stakeholders, we do an excellent job in our communities. We’re out there being leaders who serve and really making a difference in the communities that we serve and creating a great culture here. Our employees come to work every day with a passion for what they do. And I want to thank them for their efforts, and I thank all of you on this call for your time today. One thing I’d like to tell everyone to enjoy the Super Bowl, and I’ll give you my prediction, Kansas City by six points, go, Andy Reid. All right, everyone, have a good weekend. Enjoy the Super Bowl.
Domenick Cama: Hey, Mark, good morning. It’s – the pipeline for C&I specifically is about $700 million. And on the CRE front, it’s about $600 million.
Domenick Cama: Yes. I mean, there’s certainly a pickup in activity, Mark. We are seeing a number of books. Of course, we, in an effort to, ensure that we are protecting tangible book and not introducing too much dilution into our stock price. And we are very careful about who we look at and what transactions we get involved in. Now, as you know, we trade at a level that’s below 1.20% of tangible book, so it really doesn’t give us a strong currency to use in this environment. But certainly, we’re always looking.
Domenick Cama: I don’t – and just going back to some of the things Sean said, I mean, obviously, we accelerated the buybacks that we had planned for the year with the purchase of Blue Harbour shares. But there are a couple of things. Obviously, you have a cycle that is impending, so we want to be a little – we want to be judicious about the way we manage capital. I’ll never say never on the buybacks, obviously. We’ll always be there to support the stock in the event that there’s some significant price decline. But clearly, taking a $300 million of capital out of the balance sheet in one full swoop, it’s got to be a concern for anyone and as we manage the environment, we just want to make sure that we continue to remain well-capitalized and be able to absorb any potential impact from commercial real estate declines or economic declines in the market. But clearly, we want to continue to provide value to shareholders by efficiently managing capital.
Domenick Cama: We’re offering a short-term CD product at 1.80%, I believe a seven-month CD. We do have an offering online also at either 1.75% or 1.80%. But the real benefits, I think, will come from our wholesale program. We have, in the first quarter, about $1 billion that is coming due and we expect to see a pickup of somewhere about on a conservative basis between 30 to 40 basis points. We also have about $350 million dollars in CDs that are coming due. And there, we expect a pick up of somewhere between 50 to 60 basis points. So, there’s clearly some room to improve funding costs, and that’ll translate to a better NIM for the first quarter of 2020. I don’t think we’ll have the pace at which the cost of funds got better between third and fourth quarter. But clearly, we still have some room to continue to improve NIM on funding costs. And then, obviously, offsetting that is, as Kevin mentioned, this latest routing and the 10-year treasury has really put a damper on loan rates. And so this inversion in the yield curve could offset some of that benefit.
Domenick Cama: Yes. I mean, if I look at the month of December, we funded multi-family like around the 3.5 – in the 3.5 range. And if I look at what the average yield is on the multi-family book, it’s about 3.80%. So, there’s a little bit of a decline there. On the commercial real estate book, the average yield is about four or five, something like that, and it’s coming on at about 3.75%. So, a little bit of pressure there also. The bright spot really is C&I. We continue to get good C&I growth. What we funded in December came on and they have something to do with structure and the deals we did, but came on at about 4.75. And the average yield on the portfolio is about 4.50%. So we have a little bit of diversion there in terms of higher yields coming on in the C&I space versus what the average yield is in the portfolio.
Domenick Cama: No. We intend to continue to remix the balance sheet such that resi and multi-family portfolio should decline and well make up the difference with CRE and C&I. The multi-family book and the resi book are a little bit bigger. So some of the amortization that comes off that portfolio could outstrip the new production that we put on. But for the most part, we’re trying to, as I think Sean said earlier, keep the balance sheet flat to plus single-digit growth. Yes, but there should be continued remixing in the balance sheet.
Domenick Cama: Yes. We have a government portfolio here. We have about $4.5 billion in government deposits that have tied to Fed funds. So, the reduction in rates in the fourth quarter led to immediate declines in the cost of funds related to commercial to checking, with most of those accounts are in checking products.
Domenick Cama: Well, oh, how do we approach the idea of an MOE? Yes, I think, carefully, when you look at what color there’s been a around the other transactions that were done specifically, when reading about the CenterState, South State transaction, that deal was two years in the making. And it took an understanding of the cultures of the institution and the management teams and a lot of things had to fall in the right place – fall into the right place in order for that transaction to be successful. As we think about it, it’s certainly compelling theory for us also. We think, if anything to enhance shareholder value is a good thing. And obviously, looking at potential MOEs is a lot easier said than done, right? I mean, there are a lot of things that you have to take into consideration, but we – clearly, we have an open mind as to the benefits that those transactions have, even versus going out and buying another bank. And you can look at this stock price performance of the acquiring institution with – when they buy smaller banks. And it’s not good, these MOEs, the stock price reaction has been somewhat better. So, yes, we have an open mind and it’s something we would consider, but it’s easier said than done.
Domenick Cama: It was a lumpy gain when I looked at the gains in the portfolio over the last six months. This one was clearly much bigger than the prior six-month period.
