Brendan Coughlin: Yeah. I guess just strategically, what I'd add is I think this is a natural pivot point for the journey of our strategy. We're at the early stages of our IPO, everything was accretive for the most part. And so we've really scaled up our business. And I believe we have one of the most well run and diversified consumer lending franchises amongst our peer set for sure. And if we enter this next phase of our journey, capital allocation is king, and we're making some strategic pivots. I'd also say, this is not necessarily brand-new news. If you recall, prior to COVID, we had already started signaling we were going to start to put auto, as an example, on a path to reduce and get back into tier levels for concentration. And through COVID, we found some great vintages of returns and market disruption. So, the benefit of the diversity of our business model allowed us to flex up through COVID and now we're sort of returning to our original glide path down of auto, given that -- the auto business is naturally in sort of steady state, a lower return and less relationship focused. And then to Bruce's point on mortgage, we've been outgrowing the Citizens balance sheet on mortgage growth for quite some time. And so we would like for that to grow no faster than the rate of the bank, just given where we're at right now on interest rates and a long duration nature of that business. And so really making sure we're protecting our balance sheet for long duration for real relationship focused lending and customers is key. The other place we're curtailing a bit is some fintech partnerships that we've had over the years that served us well and added operating leverage allowed us to invest back in the bank, but being much more relationship focused and our capital allocation is king. But we're very excited, as Bruce pointed, about a couple our places of our franchise. HELOC being one, where we believe we're the number one originator in the US for HELOC origination. Credit quality is extremely good as super prime as it gets, 780 FICO, six year LTVs and we're poised to capitalize on that. And the in-school student product, as Bruce pointed out, is coming back strong as the effects of COVID wear off a little bit on student enrollment and then Citizens Pay, we do have aspirations for medium-term growth in that product. So, I think we're well-positioned. We can flex up. We're not taking down muscle mass, just making some capital allocation decisions as we optimize the balance sheet.
Brendan Coughlin: Yes. I mean, on the consumer side, I'd say the last up cycle for rates was a bit of perfect storm for us for higher betas. We had a business model, as Bruce pointed out, it was more thrift-oriented, had higher promotional balances. We're growing loans materially faster than peers. So, we had to fund up the loan growth with – on a base that was a little bit less healthy than peers.  And then we did – we hadn't fully built out all of our capabilities in the bank. So, as I stare at consumer right now, I look at all of those dynamics, the underpinning health of the portfolio has remixed materially to low-cost deposits and that's based on just increased primacy and engagement with customers that’s long-term value creation, and that continues to improve quarter-over-quarter, quarter-over-quarter. That's allowed us to bring our elastic deposits down.  So last up cycle, we had something like $17 billion to $18 billion in promotionally priced elastic deposits, that's now in the mid-single digits in the core bank, putting aside Citizens Access. So the portfolio is mixed from the mid-40s percentages on low cost to -- into the 60s. That's a big buffer for better beta performance. We still believe the consumer segment will have a 25% to 30% net improvement rate cycle of rate cycle in betas. The other things we've done is we've built a lot of tools and capabilities. So Citizens Access is now something we're very good at. But that's not it. We've built a dramatically different product composition in the core bank. We've built highly sophisticated analytic capabilities with better targeting. So we do think we can go and very targeted raise deposits in the core bank, but with a much more precision than we did in the past, which will really mute the beta impact in consumer and allow us where we need to get deposit growth. We can contain it in Citizens Access. Last point I would make is inside the Citizens Access, we are starting to see some green shoots of deeper relationships beginning to form. So it's not just this contained deposit raising mechanism on the side. And that's going to benefit both betas but also cost. And so we're doing some tests to drive Citizens Access deposit raising across our national mortgage customers and our national student loan customers. Early results have been quite positive as we started to raise rates, and that's going to make it much more affordable for us to drive those deposits on the expense side, not just the beta side. So a lot of improvements in the health of the franchise. I would suggest the consumer bank is in a dramatically different position right now than we were five, seven years ago.
Brendan Coughlin: Overall, in the consumer side, delinquencies have been flat to even some signals of being very modestly down. Actually, we're seeing in no portfolio that we're looking at, do we see any signs of reinflation both at the 30-day level all the way through 90 days. So with a 120-day cycle to get to a net charge-off, it would take a whole heck of a lot of what you would need to believe to see net charge-offs in the consumer segment go up materially between now and the end of the year. Obviously, the place we're watching on the net charge-off line is things like used car values and recoveries on the resi portfolio, but those have been very stable and very high and very positive. We don't expect that to move very much either. So just the message overall in the consumer segment side is everything remains in great shape and without really any signs of a tick up, and the fundamentals remain strong too. Consumers still have 25%, 30% more in liquidity and deposits than pre-COVID and customer pay rates on credit cards pay in full, still are in the low 40 percentile. That was in the low 30s before COVID. So to believe that you'd start to see delinquency ticking up, you'd first probably see deposits start to burn down and you start to see customers relevering. We're not seeing that. Now we're a little bit unique from some peers in that our customer base skews much more mass affluent and affluent. But even when the same segment…
Brendan Coughlin: We're super prime lender, where you see some market commentary on early signs of credit. It tends to be in the subprime space, and we don't have any of those businesses, but we don't see any signs of credit stress in any portfolio really across any of the segments that we're in.
Brendan Coughlin: No, I would direct you to a month or two ago, John and I went to the Morgan Stanley conference, and we shared some credit stress portfolio-by-portfolio. The Citizens Pay portfolio is performing exceptionally well and is, in fact, multiples below our prime credit card portfolio. And so not only is it super prime, but it's performing four, five, six times better than even a credit card portfolio. So we feel very good about that…
Brendan Coughlin: Exactly. And where you start to -- we've been very ambitious on our desire to grow that business. But we've been disciplined on credit, and we're not going to -- we're not going to be undisciplined on credit in that business to drive growth. And so where we've been slower to see growth manifest in Citizens Pay, it's because we're not willing to jeopardize our credit discipline, and I don't see equally any signs of stress whatsoever on the Citizens Pay portfolio remains in great shape.
John Woods: Yes, sure. I mean I think that's right. I mean I think our base scenario this quarter really relies predominantly on a mild recession, which would last into sort of into next year. So, I think we're covering that part of it. We even layered in certain aspects of the portfolio a more severe recession. That's also built into where we are. And to Bruce's point, the mix shift in our portfolio has been extremely positive over the last couple of years. So, when you fast forward from the first quarter of 2020, the beginning of 2020 to the -- here in the second quarter of 2022, our mix profile is just much better. And so you can almost think about the fact that we're sort of back to the beginning where we have some uncertainty and some negative scenarios priced in. And without a significant deterioration in the macro as Bruce indicated, we're lucky to be in this range as you get into the end of the year.
John Woods: Yes, I'll take that. I mean, I think the best way to describe that. I mean, we articulated that our cumulative beta 6% through the second quarter, better than we expected. So we're feeling good about where we're starting off this rate cycle. Our outlook indicates a deposit beta getting into the 25% to 30% range by the end of the year, which implies the sequential betas in the second half in quarters being around mid-30s. So that's how that math would play out. So that's how that trajectory would work. The drivers of that are predominantly on the commercial side of the business, but as expected, consumer and retail deposits are incredibly well performing and well behaved in terms of deposit betas, and we expect that to continue throughout the rest of the year. We have a little bit of room on the balance sheet for Citizens Access. And all of that has been incorporated into our outlook for the 25% to 30% by the end of the year and for the approximate 35% through the whole cycle. Deposit betas will continue to rise as you get into 2023, and that's the difference between the approximate 35 and the 25 to 30 that we're talking about. And they tend to continue to rise when the Fed stops, assuming that the Fed doesn't start easing immediately thereafter, right? So the last cycle, we had the Fed end of the cycle over the next quarter, we were easing. And so that sort of clipped off the lag effect that you would typically see in deposits. But if the Fed stops and stands at then you would see deposit costs continue to rise for another quarter or two after the last Fed hike. But I should hasten to add that that there's the loan beta side of this equation. And the loan beta side of it is loan betas basically are rising, and they will continue to rise into the Fed tightening cycle and even after the Fed stops and our, in particular, all the tailwind from some of the term fixed lending that often really gain steam when you get to the end of the Fed tightening cycle, that's really what continues to drive net interest margin rising which we would say, would continue to rise throughout '23 even as the Fed continues to rise, given the fact that loan betas would exceed deposit betas.
John Woods: Yes, I agree with that. And the – I guess the point is that, without management actions as you think about how the balance sheet unfolds from here. A big decline in the quarter really was just pulling in ISBC, just the base NII alone, reduces your assets – you just have a bigger base on that – from that percentage to be calculated. But so that was the source of the decline primarily and our management's actions. So, if you don't -- if you take away management's actions looking forward, actually, our asset sensitivity would tend to begin to rise again.  As mentioned earlier, the rotation out of consumer lending into a lot of the consumer commercial lending. And even within consumer lending, the fact that HELOC is a big driver, which is a floating rate product. You really are reestablishing asset sensitivity as things – as the balance sheet unfolds in the coming quarters, all of that is absent management's actions, right? And so, that's really going to tell the tale about where we land things.  If we get towards the end of the year, it -- and if rates are inflation still remains stubbornly high, that will tell us where we take the balance sheet under that scenario. If it feels like June was peak inflation, as you get to the end of the year, you would see us wanting to lock in a little bit more. So, we'll just see how it plays out. But naturally underpinning the balance sheet is some upward lift on asset sensitivity.
John Woods: Yes. I think the -- you've got a big driver being commercial, right? And there's two drivers there. One is, the fact that there was some surge in the commercial business that has been running off. And frankly, most of that's been run off by the end of June. It's down to a relatively smaller level now and that was a driver -- also a driver is the natural seasonality of our deposit flows, which tends to have 2Q as one of the lower points during the year.  So, when you think about through the rest of the year, they'll be the broad continuing to execute against all the investments we've made over multiple years in driving consumer deposits and also the natural uplift and frankly, driving commercial as well. But the natural uplift at the second half tends to deliver in the commercial side of the business from a seasonality standpoint and lower drag from surge runoff. So that's how we see the second half playing out.
John Woods: Yeah. Well, I mean I think the -- in the second quarter, just talking about the jump off here, maybe helpful because in the second quarter, we had -- on the commercial side of the house, we had 5% average growth. But on a spot basis, we had 6% growth. So you can see that what that implies is that you're likely to see commercial be a big driver in the second quarter. So you're -- you see.
John Woods: Yeah. I'm sorry, in the third quarter. Sorry, yeah, you see commercial being a big driver into the third quarter. I think you're going to see puts and takes in consumer where you see home equity and some of the other categories that we like to see drive things in card and a little bit of mortgage driving it maybe being offset by auto and student a little bit. So that's how I would articulate it. Utilization continues to increase, but it's been about 50-50 utilization and other commercial growth. And so I suspect that, that will be the color into 3Q as well, utilization driving about half of it and the other half coming from outside of utilization. But again, I'd say 3Q driven primarily by commercial loans, maybe a similar amount of the loan growth percentage that you saw in 2Q.
John Woods: Yes. And one other thing, maybe just to close out there a little bit is to broaden it out to the second half. I think we mentioned -- in fact, there's a lot of moving parts here. And so we tried to really make it clear that our April guide had a 20% to 22% range of loan growth associated with it for the year and where basically -- all of these moving parts are going to fall into that range of the 20% to 22% loan growth increase in 2022. And hopefully, that's helpful. And how it shakes out between 3Q and 4Q, there's a lot going on there, but we're expecting to deliver as we indicated we would in our last guide.
John Woods: Yes. The biggest driver of that book is an equipment finance book, which is about half of it. And there are some non-accruals that -- and non-pass assets that did go into that portfolio. But more importantly, we think our underlying fundamentals with respect to the criticized being stable was a very good outcome. There are -- you've got some criticized coming out of ISBC with not a lot of loss content, and that's just a mechanism of migrating from the state chartered approach to how you manage that kind of stuff to an OCC-managed approach. So that was the impact there, but lost content quite low. And on an ACL basis, pound per pound, the needs from an ACL perspective are actually lower in the ISBC side of things, given that profile that came over. So we're feeling pretty good about that.
John Woods: Yeah. You're getting the whole team here, Erika, but that's a good question, obviously. But just to your other point on investors, I'd say that given our history, I think we're particularly well placed to embark upon that migration of that deposit base as well. And we'll be getting that process. We closed this quarter, and we've already begun to run our playbook through this rising rate cycle where we're lagging rate on that platform, which otherwise might not have been lagged and et cetera, et cetera. And so we're making the investments necessary. So we're optimistic that we'll begin to see some benefits coming out of that, which was also part of your question.
John Woods: Well, I mean, I think the -- what we're reiterating is that PPNR implied by that guide. And so yeah, I mean, I think -- and you see -- and we talked about the puts and takes on that, doing -- seeing NII coming in a little better and with some offsets and fees and expenses well controlled and well-disciplined on that and credit looking very positive and better than we expected as well.
John Woods: Yes, I'd say the best way to think about that is by the end of the year, you'll see a run rate of about 70% of that $130 million and then the full amount of the $130 million coming in next year.
John Woods: Well, next year -- we haven't talked to it. I mean, the big driver of it is getting the closedown in the first quarter. So, it will -- substantially all of that will be done by mid-year and there'll be some trickling in benefits in the second half, but most of that will be getting there by the middle part of 2023.
John Woods: Yes. We had a carryover of about $5 billion from ISBC. And then the rest of the balance sheet flows on our end in terms of loan growth and securities growth drove the rest of the changes in the quarter.
John Woods: Yes. I think we're seeing some positive benefits coming out of expenses. And so when we say well-controlled, I think we have some optimism that, that's going to be no greater than and possibly a little less than we expected.
John Woods: And just on the integration cost, in fact, we did see more integration costs this quarter, but that's not signaling higher integration costs. It's just the opposite. We're pulling some into this quarter. We're expecting integration costs overall to be lower than we announced at…
Bruce Van Saun: And I think it makes sense. If you just step back and think about the consumers in really good shape, still has a lot of liquidity. Companies have refashioned their business models coming out of COVID. They're all in pretty good shape and contending with inflation and supply chain and trying to maintain their margins. So, historically, if you have a good jump-off point, you go through a shallow recession, bank charge-off rates don't go up all that much. So I think you'd have to see a meaningful change in outlook for us to come off that view.
Bruce Van Saun: Yeah, just to make that clear. So the net would be -- we'd be expecting to resume growth in the second half. And I think that would be led by commercial growth, but consumer also would expect to see some growth as well.
Bruce Van Saun: And one thing about commercial, and maybe I could ask Don to comment on this is that when you kind of look at how companies are able to access new financing, right now, the public markets are pretty still in the water. So you've seen kind of more opportunities for the institutional market as well. So the bank syndicated lending market has seen an uptick, which I think is likely to continue as we look out into the second half. So Don, maybe you want to give some color on that.
Bruce Van Saun: Well, we're a bit in uncharted waters because we haven't seen quantitative easing to the extent we have and now the amount of tightening that the planning is going to be interesting to watch. I mean if I step back and think about where did a lot of that additional liquidity end up, I think the biggest banks took on a lot of it, the custody banks took on a lot of it. And I think when we view our space, the super-regional space, maybe we had some benefit from it, but a lot of it was just working on our playbook to deliver better for customers and establish whole relationships where we can capture the deposit opportunities that we were probably sub-optimized on both on the consumer side and the commercial side. So, I think the tightening process, you probably see it most impact the folks where the liquidity ended up, which would, in my view, be the bigger banks and the custody banks. In a bank like us, we still have a number of initiatives where I think we're not fully optimized in terms of the deposits per our relationship base, and we're going to continue to go try to gain market share and grab that.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. Let me start, and then I'll pass the baton here to maybe Brendan and John. But I'd say, we feel really good about the progress we've made in just reformulating the deposit base, both in consumer and in commercial. So, in consumer taking a much more relationship orientation and not having that kind of thrift like lead with rate orientation that we kind of inherited when we got here.  And so, you can just see the results of that in terms of the noninterest-bearing growth, the affluent household growth, the stickiness of the deposits and the size per household going up. So, all those trends are terrific and I think they continue. So that's a cornerstone of the deposit strategy going forward.  I think we have been pretty astute in setting up Citizens Access and giving ourselves a kind of narrow swim lane to go after interest-sensitive deposits and compete for those. I don't think that, that's ever going to really become outsized relative to the overall mix. I think it's good to have and it's -- when we need incremental deposits, we can play with the rate, we can bring them in, but it serves its purpose.  Ultimately, if we get the national bank to where we want to get it, maybe some of those deposits will be a little rate sensitive as we try to get full wallet relationships with some of the national customer base. And then on commercial, again, I think we weren't as aggressive in seeking the operating accounts as we've been over the last few years and certainly seen a lot of growth there.  And then we didn't have the full range of capabilities things like escrow services and other services that different segments of the customer base need, we weren't competitive. They weren't built out and so, we've now built those out. And so, I think our whole speed and deposit growth going forward can continue to be reasonably strong. And hopefully, we'd like to get it growing faster than kind of the peers, which would give us a lot of flexibility in terms of the amount of loan growth that we can find while maintaining an LDR in kind of the mid to upper 80s. So that's a little bit top of the house thought process around that. But Brendan, maybe you could add something on the consumer side.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. And I would say on that, that ultimately, some of that's timing, Ken, is that the FHLB borrowings from investors will roll off, and we have cash coming in from some of the portfolios that we placed for sale. So, we would expect this is kind of a high watermark on the FHLB, all things equal and that we would bring that down by year-end.
Bruce Van Saun: That's true. If we said up 1% to 2%, given higher revenue-based compensation expense was the guide and they came in up 1%. So, I'm not sure where that's at the high end of the range.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. I mean you have to look at underlying because that's really the integration costs that ticked that up. So, if you look at our underlying, we actually thought we did a really good job to keep them virtually flat. And then we would expect that strong performance to continue into Q3. And we called out, I think, maybe 4% for the whole year. It's roughly where we are, so.
Bruce Van Saun: All right. Well, thanks again for dialing in today. We appreciate everyone's interest and support. Have a great day. Thank you.
Don McCree: Yeah. I think that's right. And just to put a point on what John said, we've got utilization up by about another 200 basis points across the C&I books and the Global Markets books in the third quarter. So that gives us a couple of billion dollars in potential outstandings. To Bruce's point, we're really starting to see the acceleration of a trend of companies that might want to refinance in the bond market coming to the bank market instead because the access on bank balance sheets is so much more attractive. And we're also seeing some transitory financing for M&A transactions and for maybe some buyouts coming more onto the bank balance sheets as opposed to some of the non-bank lenders. So I don't know what the exact mix will be, but there's a lot of things that are beginning to materialize. And it's not going to all go up because of that. We're going to take some other portfolios down and slow down some other things, similar to what Brendan said, what we've been doing for two or three years now just to change the mix of what's on the books. So, get a little more selective in terms of both returns of the capital we're deploying, but also being very careful of credit risk and the like, just in case we go into a little bit deeper slide. So, we're just being protective of the risk front also.
Don McCree: Yes, I'm not -- Gerard. I'm not too worried about the loan syndication piece. And again, volumes are much lower than they were, and I think they'll -- it will be where the action is, but the mega deals seem to be struggling a little bit. So if you think about the environment we're, the biggest challenge we have on transactional execution is larger transaction and then clearing through the marketplace. And so I think you'll see a little bit of a dearth there. That's not really the business we're in. So I don't think it will affect our business. And then the other thing is you think about what's the price action that goes on in the securities market as the Fed is a seller versus a buyer. And I think one of the things that I'm looking at is the maturity ladder for corporate bonds and particularly high-yield bonds is relatively light for the next couple of years because everybody took advantage of the low interest rate environment of a couple -- over the last couple of years in refinance and push those maturities out. So I think we have some time for the market to adjust in particularly the public market to adjust to QT trend that we're going to see.
Don McCree: Yeah, I'd say similar to Brendan, I mean we basically did not have a liquidity and deposit group seven years ago when we started our journey here and our payments business was fundamentally subscale and subpar. So we're getting a good lift on the payment sales in the core operating business, as you said, Bruce, which is bringing some deposits with it. And our -- just our analytics and our capabilities, not to mention the product suite that we've begun to develop is just in a completely different place. So it's a much stronger relationship pull with the client base. As the client base grows, there's more opportunity to bring in deposits. So we feel very confident in terms of the deposit franchise at the moment.
