Bruce Van Saun: Thanks, Kristin. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining our call today. There clearly have been changes in the external environment relative to what was expected coming into the year, along with significant volatility. We feel we have executed well in this environment and are positioned to perform well over the course of 2022. Among the highlights of the quarter, we had a successful conversion of the HSBC branch and online customers, which was then followed by closing the Investors acquisition on April 6. We continue to take actions to position our balance sheet well for rising rates and we have made further progress on our strategic initiatives, including our digital agenda and TOP 7 program. With respect to our financial results, we are off to a good start with underlying EPS of $1.07 and ROTCE of 13%. This is generally our softest quarter from a seasonal standpoint given fewer days in the quarter and the impact of payroll taxes on expenses. Net interest income was up 2% sequentially, given 3% average loan growth and higher NIM, which more than offset a sizable drag from lower PPP loan forgiveness revenue and day count. We saw lower revenue in capital markets and mortgage given the environment, though high volatility benefited our Global Markets hedging business. We maintained strong deal pipelines in capital markets and remain optimistic for a significant revenue pickup if markets stabilize. We managed expenses well in the quarter and turnover has normalized somewhat. Credit metrics are all excellent and so far both our consumer and corporate customers are navigating well through the current challenges. Our balance sheet remains in great shape with a CET1 ratio of 9.7%. We have the capacity to grow loans, pursue fee-based bolt-on acquisitions, raise our dividend in the second half of the year and buyback some stock. Our loan growth has picked up on the commercial side and we plan to throttle back our growth in mortgage and auto a little, which will maintain an attractive LDR. I’d like to shift gears to emphasize a few key points that are topical for investors at the moment. First, and to be clear, we will benefit nicely from the accelerated path to higher rates. Our funding base is vastly improved from where it was entering the last rate up-cycle. We have a 7% benefit from a 200 basis point gradual rise in rates, a 10 basis point cost of interest-bearing deposits and an 83% loan-to-deposit ratio. We project roughly $300 million in higher NII given the current curve, which annualizes to much more in 2023. This will more than offset roughly $100 million in lower fee income from the environment. John will take you through this in detail in his remarks. Second, while inflation pressures are real and the possibility of recession in 2023 has increased, we feel our credit risk position is in very good shape. We have maintained a super prime to high prime risk appetite in consumer and over time we have migrated our credit exposure in commercial to bigger companies who have better credit profiles. As a result, our overall credit profile has improved over time. Our real-life and CCAR stress test results demonstrate that our credit profile is slightly better than middle of the super regional pack and we have carefully assessed investors’ credit book and loss history and remain confident in their positioning, which we will further harmonize over time. Lastly, with respect to acquisitions, I would like to highlight that our focus in ‘22 is on integrating the acquisitions that we made last year and getting each of those off to a strong start, particularly our New York City Metro area initiative. We will still look for acquisitions in the wealth space, but we are highly disciplined acquirer and have not been able to get much done as a result. With respect to Florida, we now have 8 branches in the state and job one is bringing them to network performance levels. There does not appear to be much to do that’s attractive inorganically and the likely path is that we will open several more wealth centers in additional cities down the road. In short, you can count on us to maintain the strong financial discipline we have exhibited since the IPO. All-in-all, we feel very good about how we have started the year and how we are positioned to navigate the challenging environment. Given the significant move in rates and the closing of the two bank acquisitions, we have provided detailed guidance in our earnings presentation to assist analysts and investors in updating their models. We continue our journey to building a great bank that can do ever more for our stakeholders. And with that, I will turn it over to John.
Bruce Van Saun: The other thing you didn’t mention is the M&A pipeline, which I think still looks really, really good. And again there, if the market stabilized a little bit, I think we will start to pull those deals through and it’s typically seasonal that the fourth quarter is huge, which it was for us in 2021. And then the first quarter is usually softer seasonally, pipelines look good. And I think as the year goes, we should see a nice build in M&A revenue.
Bruce Van Saun: And I would just add, Erika, that we’ve been I think, very keen to leave the asset sensitivity high and not do significant additional swaps we’ve done a bit. But anyway, we’re still, I think, of the view that rates could go even higher here. So feel good about how we’re positioned right now.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. So we’re giving you a long-winded answer, Erika, but I wanted to just come back to the last thing you touched on which was ROTCE and also our capital targets. So I think we’re pleased that we can say that we will be solidly in the range for our medium-term targets this year, the 14% to 16%. And you can see that where we were in the first quarter, that should ramp, and so we could be even stronger, I think, as we exit the year. So feel very good about that. We did move the targets from 9.75 to 10 to 9.5 to 10. So we moved them modestly. I’m still a big believer in being somewhat conservative on the capital, particularly as, as I said, we’re a relatively new company. And so I think all our stakeholders from maybe being slightly higher than our peers. But if you look at it over time, we’ve been converging to peers. And honestly, when you look at the CCAR results and our risk profile, there is no reason that longer term we will need to have that premium.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. I’d say it’s kind of a factor of a number of considerations. One is that we’re already seeing very strong loan demand on the commercial side. We’re seeing line utilization tick up. So there can be somewhat of a rotation over into more growth on commercial. Therefore, when we look at consumer and in the higher rate environment, some of the margins on the lending in areas like auto and mortgage aren’t what they used to be. And so we can still get to the loan growth assumptions that we had coming into the year with that rotation up to more commercial and throttling back a little bit on the consumer side. And we could keep the pedal to the floor and keep pushing on bringing in those consumer assets, but we think we don’t need to do that at this point. We’ve got NIM going up. The rate hikes is providing a big lift. And if the marginal return on that incremental lending in the consumer side for mortgage and auto isn’t hitting our hurdles, and we have no problem backing off that. The net result of that is that, that benefits the LDR versus keeping the pedal to the floor. So we think that’s a trade-off we’re taking.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. Let me just chime in here as well, is that we think these deals are going to be a big success, and it’s really not just the expense synergies, which we are going to go get. But if it’s a big success, it means that we were successful in cross-selling more to the customers who haven’t had the benefit of our broader products and services and then just gain market share. And I think we have some very clear ideas about how to go after that, both on the commercial side and the consumer side. And really none of that is – has been put into our forward forecast at this point. So, goal would be like within 3 years to 5 years, if New York starts to take on a look and feel of what we built in Boston and what we built in Philadelphia, is going to be a home run for us.
Bruce Van Saun: The other wildcard, obviously, Ken, is what is the kind of long-term or the medium-term macro forecast look like and can the Fed engineer a soft landing. Is there a higher possibility of recession, which could change that dynamic somewhat. But I think, certainly, right now, with respect to 2022, we feel really good about how we are positioned from a credit standpoint. I would – if you ask me to make a call, I would say it’s unlikely we will have a recession in ‘22. So, at least the clean credit metrics should continue for a while. Whether we can still show net benefits on the provision line, I think those days are probably numbered. But in any case, I think there is still going to be good numbers. And as John said, the ACL may tick down a little more from here, but kind of starting to feel like we are not going to go a huge amount lower.
Bruce Van Saun: Let me just say a word and then Don really has the best color. But clearly, it’s nice to see the line utilization pick up. Some of it is a little defensive in nature. So, people have been worried about their supply chain and inventory levels. And so when they can get a hold of the materials that they need to go out and buy it. So, I would say inventory build in light of supply chain issues probably has been the biggest driver and a little of that also is inflation, which is causing those materials to cost more. So, that would be, I would say, number one. There is still – people doing deals, doing smaller deals and playing offense in terms of growth. There is a little bit of that kicking in as well. I think what continues to give us confidence is the thing that Don mentioned earlier that there is private capital has amassed tons of firepower to put to work in the markets and is looking to get deals done. And so there is still deal-related activity that should continue to fuel some loan growth. But with that, let me turn it over to Don.
Bruce Van Saun: The one last thing you might also add Don is on subscription line financing some of the securitization…
Bruce Van Saun: I would just add to that, John, is all the early warning signs are flash and green, which is great. So, on the consumer side, delinquency roll rates, some of the things Brendan quoted, all appear really, really good. Similarly, on the commercial side, the crit/class ratio continues to go down and the heightened. There is very few credits that are in heightened monitoring. So, that also bodes well for the future. You can – at these very low levels for things like charge-offs and NPAs you can see kind of one item can kind of move that number around a little bit. But overall, we feel really, really positive about the outlook for credit for certainly the balance of this year.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. I don’t see us looking at a depository there anytime soon. I think we have got enough on our plate that getting off to this really great start and launching New York Metro is job one. We do have a strategy in Florida that I think is interesting. So, we had a couple of de novo wealth centers, one in Palm Beach and one in Naples that we focused on launching and starting to get those to the right customer levels and the right staffing so that we can really make some traction in those markets. And then we had five or six come over from HSBC, very attractive locations and branches with good staffing in the Miami area. And so again, that’s job one is to try to really make that work, what we have and really drive up the performance of those sites and keep getting smart in the market and keep talking to people, keep trying to figure out kind of where with the next city where we think we could come in and make an entrance and gain some share. So, that’s to me, the focus, and we will keep trying to get smart on the market, but let’s suggest what we have and make that productive. The other point I would make with respect to Florida and elsewhere where we are kind of outside of our core footprint is we are investing heavily in the digital bank. And very recently, we have migrated to a new cloud-based core platform, which is really exciting for us, it’s going to unlock the ability for us to really broaden our offerings and integrate those offerings on the digital platform. And so that’s kind of also twinned with some light branches in markets like Florida, can we really start to bang the opportunity through our digital platforms. And then over time, we will figure out what physical presence do we need to complement those digital offerings. So, it’s pretty exciting. We have a similar opportunity in the Greater Washington area, where we picked up, I think it’s nine or ten branches from HSBC. So, we can try to attack that market through digital and decide is nine or ten the right number, are they in the right locations, do we need to alter that and then using test and learning from Florida and from DC. Are there some other attractive cities where we might want to go next and really put effort into growing digital presence combined with some thin branch presence.
Bruce Van Saun: Yes. I will go ahead and start a couple of thoughts there. I mean I think that as you heard from Brendan earlier, and you saw on our Slide 7, our CD portfolio is much smaller than it was before. And what that – at the start, and I think what the point there is that CDs could be part of the story. And we would do it in a way that’s connected to a deep customer relationship rather than sort of a pseudo wholesale funding approach, which is I think how things got played out early in the last cycle for us, whereas this cycle is all going to be about customer relationships. I think the other thing to keep in mind is that over the last cycle, we expect CD betas to be lower during the cycle and part due to how quickly you think the cycle is going to go. The last cycle took a longer time, 2 years to 3 years. And so you kept getting that ratcheted up cost of CDs every time they came to maturity. So, I do think CDs can be part of the story given deep customer relationships and a shorter cycle, CDs can absolutely be something a tool that will utilize coming off a lower base. So, that’s the first point. And the second point is that on the commercial side, you will have balanced migration, that’s natural as compensating balances that don’t need to be quite as high to get as earnings credit rates actually rise over time. So yes, there will be some of that migration that’s built into the deposit betas that we articulated earlier and built into our deposit costs overall. And so – but it’s the same point there that given the number of ways that we can interact with our customers on the commercial side, we are deepening our relationships there and expect that those migrations will be well controlled and as expected.
Bruce Van Saun: Okay. Alright. I think that’s it for the questions in the queue. And let me just close by thanking everybody again for dialing in today. We appreciate your interest and your support. Have a great day. Thank you.
John Woods: Yes. I will go ahead and start off on that. I mean I think you had number of impacts there that we are building into the guide. I’d say that we mentioned our $100 million guide over guide, which is driven primarily by mortgage. But there is some capital markets implications there as well given the fact that 1Q, we had some pull forward into the fourth quarter. If you look back at the fourth quarter, we had a record quarter, but our pipelines look excellent. And so there could be a little bit of time to build that back into delivering in the last three quarters of the year. But as markets stabilize, we really think that the momentum there is strong. And so maybe Don can cover.
John Woods: Yes. I mean, I’d say that the – we mentioned our $20 million to $25 million per instantaneous 25 rate hike, and that’s really an average. So you get a little more on the front and maybe a little less as you get to the end of it. And that’s really driven by deposit betas, which are going to be extremely well controlled in the first 100. And then that starts to build into the second 100 and then beyond. So yes, I think you will see possibly a bit more on the front end. When we’re seeing those lag effect in deposit betas contribute a touch more and then it will be a little lower on the back end. I will mention is the other point that 20% to 25% is an average, but it’s also a first year average. And so there is actually more upside when you get into – even if it’s instantaneous, you still get a lag effect benefit from the asset side as well as assets reprice. So you might see, for example, in year 2, even for an instantaneous 25 basis point change, you would see upside from there in the 15% to 20% range on top of that as you get into rolling year 2.
John Woods: Yes. Thanks, Erika. I think if you’re on Page 7, I mean, I think that the drivers there are that we’re entering this cycle were much better positioned than the last cycle. When you think about just the starting point with interest-bearing deposit costs being at 10 basis points, an all-time low for us, we started the last cycle at 34 basis points. And the balance sheet position, the mix on the deposit side is much better with 32% noninterest-bearing. So we feel – just we’re much better prepared to benefit from rising rates this time around. We still benefited from rising rates last time around, by the way, but we’re much better prepared to benefit from this side around – this time around on deposit betas, given all of the strength on the balance sheet. I’d say when you ask about balance sheet, I mean, I think – and swaps, you really have to think about in the context of the entire balance sheet. So we do have a significant amount of asset sensitivity left to play out. That will decline over time as NII keeps rising, as I mentioned in my remarks, the denominator effect as we update and increase our NII, that alone reduces the percentage of further benefit that could occur for future rate hikes, just dollar for dollar, it’s fine, but the percentages fall. But I do think that there is significant firepower left, both with respect to the balance sheet loan growth part of the story as well as much more hedging left to do before asset sensitivity gets anywhere near neutral. So that’s how I would describe it. I mean in terms of deposit betas, again, 2022, you’re going to see a lot of lag, a lot of lag in the first 100. It will start to catch up maybe in the second 100. And then if we really do get to 300 basis points in Fed funds, you’ll see some of that catch up in 2023. And then I’ll just close out with our conversation about NII being up $290 million to $330 million guide over guide is an important thing to focus on, and that’s on a gradual rate rising scenario. It may be – it could be – it’s much higher in a full year effect when you get to 2023 approaching maybe 2x that.
John Woods: Yes. Great question, Brian. I appreciate it. I think that if you basically look at excellent opportunities for our deposits over time as our product lineup on both consumer and commercial have improved. And I think if you separate the expectation for – as rates rise, there is some impact on how those deposits play out. There is also the surge deposits that came in, in the pandemic that all appear to be a lot stickier than maybe a lot of us thought when they first showed up. I do think more broadly when you think about the macro, deposits have grown consistently over the last several decades under a number of different macroeconomic scenarios even through quantitative tightening and the like, the banking industry deposit growth seems to continue to chug along. So we’re optimistic that the industry as a whole and we, in particular, given our significantly expanded product capabilities, we will be able to continue to drive really strong deposit growth on both consumer and commercial side. So maybe I’ll just turn it over to Brendan and then maybe Don.
John Woods: Yes, I’ll start off on securities and maybe Brendan can take mortgage. But I can tell you, overall, that it’s not swap activity that’s having an impact on either of those. And as it relates to securities, just to give you a sense, there is two dynamics going on there. One is the front book where current yields on the stuff coming into the portfolio are north of 3%. So we’re in the 300 to 330 basis point range, that’s a driver in 1Q. It wasn’t at that level during 1Q, but it was well over 2%. It was probably 230 to 250 during the first quarter, and that was compared to maybe 175 in 4Q. So that’s the dynamic you’re seeing 1.75 in 4Q, 2.30-ish in 1Q and announced over 3%. So that will continue into the second quarter. The other dynamic is the back book premium amortization tends – declines when rates rise. So you’re seeing the tailwind from that into the securities book. And so that’s the driver there. And maybe Brendan can talk about mortgages.
John Woods: I’ll just start off there. I mean I think that the securities book and investors looks as a profile that we would migrate and frankly, have already been migrating to our profile, which is mostly clean duration plus mortgage-backed securities, agency-type paper. So we’ve been in the process of migrating the securities book on that front. In general, we like the loan book that comes over from investors has performed well from a credit perspective. They have a nice core portfolio over there. Maybe Don can talk about anything else that might be migrated at the margin.
John Woods: Other than – I will say, Matt, on my side, we are doing roughly $1 billion to $1.2 billion of DSO adjustments on the Citizens side, and you will see us do some of that as we move around low-yielding assets that we might be acquiring, but we don’t have full plans on that yet.
John Woods: Well, I mean I would look at it as what Don and Brendan has been able to accomplish when we go into expansion markets, right, in particular, Don’s business and commercial when we entered the Southeast is a good playbook for how we have been able to grow those expansion markets a little faster for a period of time until it converges over time. So, I think you would expect that once we get the engine running with respect to all of the integration and conversion, and we have been able to make our investments that we plan to make in New York Metro. I would suspect for a number of years, you could see the growth rates once that all settles out and baseline, you can see those growth rates actually being higher than Citizens standalone for a number of years until it balances out in terms of the expected market share that we plan to take in that metro.
John Woods: Yes, that’s a good question. I mean I think the first thing I would say, when you were saying blended, if you were speaking about investors on a blended basis, I think that their profile is actually quite good. And when you look back in different cycles, their loss rates actually are lower than not only ours, but the regional bank peer set. So – and given the collateralization, etcetera, and a number of other things that help that profile. So, pound-for-pound, they come on with a slightly lower ACL and CECL hit to what CFG standalone is not by a lot, and they are smaller, so it won’t have a huge impact, but they come in a little lower than and call it, the 143 that where we are. So, from that perspective, it gives you a sense for how that might cause us to tick down on a blended basis. CECL day one was 147, we are at 143. We have cleaned out a lot of the portfolios of concern that might have existed back at the end of ‘19 when CECL was adopted, and there has been significant as we mentioned earlier, and we have in the slide deck in the appendix, significant improvements in both commercial and kind of retail businesses since then. So, you could see some opportunity all else equal for back book needs as long as the macro holds for those needs to tick down. I think all of the variability will be on loan growth. And so we are just going to provide for our loan growth and all-in probably be a little lower than we are here, but not by a lot.
John Woods: Yes, it’s a good question. I mean I think we are in about a little bit less than 10%, call it, high-single digits with HCM, if you – in the first quarter. I think you will see that, that number will rise in the second quarter based upon a number of things that we are doing. We are putting a lot of securities to work just in CFG standalone, just given the environment, now that there is a highly attractive place to grow the securities book at north of 300% yields, just on standalone. And then we are, of course – we have closed on the acquisition of investors and there is about $4 billion of securities there that we are rotating out of the profile that they had into the profile that looks like the kind of securities that we own. So, there is lots of opportunities to address that, and you are likely to see the HCM percentage rise in the second quarter.
John Woods: Just to add, we had the transition pre legal day one that we didn’t have to pay for it, and it produces the trend with the attrition happening post legal day one. I just want to add that plan.
Don McCree: Yes, I think it’s a tale of a couple of different cities. So, one thing we are seeing is quite a bit of strength in the loan market, the syndicated loan market. So, while the bond market is particularly high yield and the equity markets have been pretty much close for the last few months, we are seeing some rotation into the syndicated loan markets as the liquidity there kind of rebuild and you have seen quite a dramatic rally in the loan markets over the last couple of days actually. And that’s been quite supportive. So, I think the second quarter will be really a story about syndicated lending. And then if we get a reduction in volatility, we think we are going to begin to see the bond markets reopen a little bit and the equity markets reopen. I will say what John said, which is our pitch activity, our pipelines and our mandates are extremely strong. And so, it’s really a matter of waiting for the constructive in the markets to return and then we will begin to bring deals. And we saw three or four deals start to emerge last week, which we were on and we feel pretty good about, particularly in the back half of the year.
Don McCree: Yes. I will also just amplify that, Bruce, to say a lot of our capital markets and M&A activity surrounds private equity. So, private equity is still flushed with cash and they actually are looking at quite interesting valuations in the market right now. So, it’s a matter of matching sellers kind of desires and buyers desires and that will just take a little time to kind of work through the system.
Don McCree: Yes. And I’ll just emphasize, Bruce, what you said in terms of – we’ve gone through a complete reconstruction of our treasury service business. So it was frankly a basket case 6 years ago. And now I would put it up against any other company’s treasury service business, and that’s driving an above trend growth rate, 7% to 10% in terms of year-on-year growth and also driving a skew towards non-interest-bearing deposits. And we didn’t even have a deposit team 6 years ago. And now we have a built-out team, which has got fantastic analytics and bringing new offerings like green deposits in the ESG agenda and also building a liquidity portal. So, it’s a totally different place and we’re seeing the results in terms of deposit levels, and we’re seeing the skew towards non-interest-bearing also.
Don McCree: Yes. I’ll just – I think I said a lot of it in the last comment around treasury services and the growth of that business. But also remember, we’re expanding aggressively in terms of our client base. So we’re in expansion markets. We’re adding a lot of clients and with that comes the opportunity to gather deposits at reasonable costs. So we feel pretty good about it. But I’ll go back to what Brendan said also, it’s really a matter of the day-to-day balancing of volume versus cost and managing that against the asset side of the balance sheet and where we can redeploy capital. So it’s something that we manage carefully, but I feel confident that we’re going to continue to expand the deposit base.
Don McCree: Yes. There are certain elements of the book that might be a little bit different as we move forward, but it’s not going to be quick and aggressive. We are going to do it – we are going to migrate it over time. But a lot of the business that they do is very diversifying for us. They are in different elements of the CRE business than we are. So, it looks quite different. And then a lot of the C&I business is smaller company business banking, and we are looking to grow that segment as we move forward. So, you will see some adjustment at the margin, but no aggressive asset sales, I think out blocks.
Don McCree: Yes. John, I will also add that they have a very limited product set on the C&I side. So, bringing in the variety of products that we can offer and capabilities that we can offer, we think there is an opportunity to go after larger companies and also serve their clients in a much more substantial way.
Don McCree: Yes. So, I think you covered most of it. And back to the second half of the question, a lot of the capital markets activity we do is in the leverage buyout area and things like that. So, that’s an origination for distribution business, which it should be. We don’t want a lot of that on our balance sheet, and we continue to maintain average holds of about $12 million in our sponsor business. So, very diversified, very careful from a risk profile. I will say that the utilization trend that we are seeing is actually even a little bit higher as we sit here in mid-April. So, that trend really is driven by cost of goods. So, there is an inflation aspect and some of the stockpiling. But the broader question is we are hearing generally positive things from our customers. Credit quality, as we said, feels pretty good. There is a little bit of pressure on margins as companies have varying degrees of an ability to pass on cost increases where they ire seeing them. But remember that these companies have been through hell over the last 2 years with the pandemic, and they have cut their costs. They have restructured their businesses and they are entering whatever we are entering, whether it would be a slowdown or something that’s just slower growth in a much better position from a management standpoint than they were just 2 years ago. So, that gives us a lot of confidence. And certain clients are being opportunistic where they are seeing, as Bruce said, where they are seeing competitors that are slightly weakened, we are seeing a little bit of M&A activity in the middle market channels that are companies are buying each other right now.
Don McCree: Yes. So, we are seeing significant volume in our subscription line financing for private equity and significant volume in our asset-backed securities businesses in the warehouses. So, those markets are very strong and we continue to see growth in the loan books on both of those activities.
Don McCree: Yes. So, why don’t I start with that. So, we are down to basically almost nothing on the C&I side on PPP. So, that’s in the rearview mirror. So, that’s not in any of our loan growth projections. So, the loan growth that we have referenced is really CFG loan growth. We have assumed a little bit of growth on the investors bank side, but not a lot for the rest of ‘22. So, all the comments we are making are CFG specific. I would say subscription lines are growing the fastest. C&I is growing the second fastest and CRE, we are seeing very, very modest growth. And we are basically on our pre business really still focused on purpose-built office, industrial and life science and a little bit of multifamily, but not a lot. We are really off risk on hospitality and retail. So, not a lot of CRE business there. The issue that we are fighting and continue to fight although it’s getting a little bit better is our originations are really strong, and we are seeing lots of activity both coming into the book and also in the pipeline, but pay-downs have been quite high. And this was the first quarter where we saw pay-downs begin to decline. Maybe that’s a little bit of the volatility in the capital markets, maybe that’s a little bit of the loan market aggressiveness right now, but we are seeing a little bit of a benefit from lower pay-downs, which were running very, very high last year for almost the whole year and really eating up a lot of the origination activity that we are receiving.
Don McCree: Yes. I think that’s exactly right. And we have actually gone out over the last month or so with a full or information package with all of our bankers to discuss deposit and pricing levels as part of the overall relationship, with all of our relationship managers. So, we are well on top of it. We have had some people pull deposits, but we haven’t had a problem backfilling and bringing in other deposits to basically cover any outflows.
Brendan Coughlin: I’m happy to give – Erika, you had asked about sort of the counts of checking account customers. Just kind of a couple of quick points, when you look at total relationships in the consumer bank, when we went public, we had about 2.9 million to 3 million customers. We now have over 7 million customers in total. Now some of those are loan customers. So when you unpack that to core deposit customers, that number is sort of we went from 2.9 million to 3.5 million customers. So that’s good growth, but that’s really not where the action is in the story versus sort of heading down this path really under the covers on that growth, which we’ve been in sort of top quartile growth of our peers has been a quality transformation. So there is been a dramatic overhaul in how many customers view us as their primary bank. And more than 100% of the growth in the household base has come from mass affluent and affluent customers. So when you combine the higher quality customer with deeper relationships, that’s what’s driving a lot of the improvement in DDA and non-interest-bearing deposits, which is very sustainable. That’s kind of ground game a lot of work over multiple quarters over a lot of years to get that to scale. And look, we still have some running room. I think there is still oxygen left in tank for us to continue to improve the quality of the customer base. We’ve made a lot of progress in catching up to peers, but we still have momentum. It does not seem to be slowing. I think you should expect more and more of that putting aside what happens with the excess stimulus deposits under the coverage, the quality story is still continuing and continuing at scale. The other point I’d make mention obviously you think about betas for this up cycle last time because of the low DDA balances that we had in consumer, we had about $10 billion in CDs. Now we start that period with only $3 billion. And so – when we look a lot more like a bigger sized bank in terms of deposit composition than we do smaller-sized bank where we’re not as rate sensitive in how we’re driving deposits because of that quality transformation that you see in the customer base.
Brendan Coughlin: Yes. Look, I think we’ve demonstrated in a variety of cycles, the ability to deposits at scale. The question is always at what cost? And I think we’re in a dramatically different position in up cycle than we were certainly in the last up cycle, we continue to make improvements sort of on the consumer side, starting with just the breadth of the levers that we’ve built, whether it’s the Citizens Access platform nationally to raise deposits away from our core book the new markets that we’re entering, where we’ve got a solid and stable deposit base, but we think there is a lot of up running room. And in fact, we’re starting to see signs already. We’ve got $100 million in inflow of balanced sales already in the New York market from great execution and solid sales. So we’re optimistic continuing to go forward, that can continue. And as we bring convert the customer base from investors closely they want into the platform, we think that same opportunity will exist in New Jersey. And then our analytics have improved materially over the last couple of years, which allows us to be even more targeted. And when you marry that with what I said a minute ago around just the quality and engagement of our customer base, the confidence of being able to grow deposits with highly engaged customers at more market rates than needing to reach for promo rates. So I feel really good that we will be able to grow at the pace we need with a much more moderate cost.
Brendan Coughlin: Yes. There is a handful of things on the consumer side. So on other retail, there is a good percentage of that book that’s variable linked to the market with our merchant partners and such. And you’re going to see that kind of ramp up as the market changes. On the resi side, we’re obviously a very big lender in HELOC, which is essentially all variable. And we’ve had four sequential quarters in a row and net balance sheet growth and I believe we’re the number one originator in all of the United States and HELOC. So really striking well the iron is hot and taking advantage of that business. So you’re seeing that flow through in the resi book with the yield improvements there as the rates kind of March north. On the mortgage side, there is a couple of things. One is front book pricing. We’ve been disciplined on front book pricing to the point of being a lot on the market at times as the market lags capacity, but we’re going to make sure we’re using our balance sheet for deep relationships and try to push our rates up as fast as we can with the market. The other just technical dynamic that you’re seeing, if you’re looking at linked quarter on mortgages in Q4, we did have a one-time reserve adjustment to the yields in Q4 that is non-recurring and didn’t happen in Q1. So if you look back a couple of quarters, you’ll see a little bit of noise on what you saw in Q4, but that’s kind of gone. That’s sort of washed out, so we should start to see the mortgage book begin to climb with the percentage of that book that is in variable rate and continued expected discipline on front book pricing.
Brendan Coughlin: Yes. The same comments on the consumer side, our product set is significantly more diversified than both HSBC and investors, which is great. And we didn’t build those revenue synergies into the deal model. So, we are seeing early signs of significant sales opportunity in New York. We are delivering on that. We are starting marketing middle of the year. We are going to convert early on mortgage and wealth for investors inside of 2022, and then the rest of the platform will convert in 2023. So, it will take some time, but we see an outsized opportunity for sustainable revenue growth over time.
Brendan Coughlin: Yes, it’s Brendan. I can take that. On the mortgage side, this is fully expected. These are sort of an administrative move of customers that have been in forbearance for quite some time. We have done extensive analytics on how much loss exposure we have to folks that are coming off of forbearance on to a full repayment schedule and its de minimis. Especially on the mortgage side, we have got very significant coverage on our loan to value. And so we feel really confident in that. Just broadly on the consumer book, we haven’t seen much of any early signs that we are starting to see a tick up in return to normal. We are expecting one, but the delinquency levels generally remain in very strong spot and significantly depressed. Some of the newer portfolios that we have talked a lot about over the years on these calls and others around student loans and merchant point-of-sale maintain incredible strength and have not shown any signs of uptick in early delinquencies whatsoever. So, we feel really confident around the outlook, the state of credit and consumers that the lowest levels it’s ever been, and we continue to sort of beat to the positive almost every month on what we are seeing on NTO. So, I feel really good. And I think – and when you look at the other side of the ledger for the average consumer, they are still showing a lot of excess liquidity, the money in consumer checking accounts is still at all-time highs, really hasn’t moved down. While we are seeing a lot of velocity in customers using credit cards and spending and paying for things, it’s not adding to outstanding. So, in order to believe that you will start to see a meaningful correction on the credit line, I think you would have to see some deflation on the excess cash built up in the consumers’ wallet and start to see a rebound in receivables building up in the credit card. So, we haven’t seen that. So, all the early indicators just aren’t moving yet. Of course, we do expect it will, but just right now, it’s not. So, we will take it.
Brendan Coughlin: Yes. Pre legal day one, the rundown in deposits is principally driven by their online business and a segment of international customers that we are rotating into banks that have more global capabilities. And so the good news on that is that we didn’t pay premium of any kind for those customers that we weren’t really going to get at our core. We had modeled in essentially twice the level of deposit attrition post legal day one than you would normally expect in a deal like that, given the profile of the customers that were banking at HSBC. The good news is since legal day one, it looks like a lot of that attrition had accelerated pre-legal day one, and we have seen the portfolio at a broadly stable level with good sales, very strong sales and normal expected is in outflows on the back book. And so we do expect that to be stable now and start to get into growth mode as we ramp up our marketing activities, which would obviously be a bit of a benefit on the deal model side offsetting some of the shortfall in deposits we got on legal day one. So, we feel really, really good on the early signs that we are seeing here we are six weeks or seven weeks in.
